A very nice and fulfilling course! Highly recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
loved it. succinct and very good content. thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked that it focus on new media, however I missed some text material to support the classes. Some minor mistakes on the exercises still need to be fixed. Some videos could be better produced, but the content is very good and I understand that it is also intended to be view on cellphones, so it was good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well structures, nicely narrated class! Would recommend to anyone with basic knowledge of linear algebra and programming, especially because it is a really "hot topic" right now.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A reasonable walkthrough of typical tools for photo editing. Only thing I'd like to add is a walkthrough of a simple typical photo editing workflow (like cropping, WB, coarse tone adjustment, tone curve, sharpening & consumption format rendering).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved this course! The University of Amsterdam has one of the world's best communication programs so when I found out that they offer a very short and condenses crash course on Coursera, I had to take it! It's a shame the university doesn't offer other courses regarding different aspects of this field. Would have loved to take more. Regardless, I give this course 5 stars!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good material, gave me a better understanding of not only project management but also how to join into a project and having the final goal and the larger picture in mind.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative course and very nicely explainedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very interesting course. Thanks for all this supportive context. I enjoyed it so much. I look up to the intructors. They are very professional.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exactly what I was looking for!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course to gather a holistic view of the industry, clearly explained, engaging, great tutor (awesome stories), perfect for those who want to gain insight into this field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Slides! The slides were good enough to pass the exam.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
What a difficult course it is!Nevertheless, it was very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The learning has been huge for me. I love this course. It is designed well and delivered beautifully by great professors. I feel lucky to be your students professors!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the problem in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course. Examines many important principles for engaging with students and transformative learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was fairly good and covered different topics about big data applied to genes. The resources and the course content were useful, to get a good understanding about the field.The assignments weren't as good as I anticipated, I would have preferred more hands-on work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enjoying this course quite a bit to be honest :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching this class! His dedication to this course makes students know more about the essence of Python! Go Dr. Chuck! Go Python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I, really enjoyed every second of it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was my first course that I completed with Coursera. The highlight was the lecturer Chuck Severance whose relaxed style and sense of humour made it that much more worthwhile. My only regret was that he had the Office Hours in London on the day of The World Cup Rugby final-now imagine that in the States!!- for American Football. All in all an excellent course- more of Prof Severance please!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best place to get yourself up-to-date with the "state-of-the-art" in 3D printing. I really liked 'The Revolutionaries' section where you get exposure to all the inter-disciplinary ideas floating around in the 3D Printing landscape.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Honestly, This is the best MOOC I've taken in my life, and this course has helped me to understand what machine learning is, how you use it yourself, and many advice on applying machine learning.I started this course for a first step to building a real-life J.A.R.V.I.S.(still WAY far away...), and this course is really easy to understand even for a middle school student like me. This course is DEFINETELY recommended for beginners in A.I. and Machine Learning.Thanks for reading.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great course tat not only teaches you the theory behind systems thinking but it also teaches you how to use some tools (software) to use systems thinking approach to solve problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I learned a great deal, and particularly enjoyed the programming assignments. Looking forward to starting course 2.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed this course - very appealing mix of different ways of presenting content and engaging users.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! I am continuing with the specialization and seeing the benefits in how I relate to my direct reports already. This is the personal management style I have been looking to develop, and what a great way to develop it by developing me. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome projects, taught by odersky himselfThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best courses I have taken so far. I didn't need to write many things down, because there were so many small quizzes that helped me remember the key points. It was very well presented and there were no fluff videos to waste time or bulk up the content. Everything made sense and all the steps are ones that I can and will add to my new study style.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, very complete and funtional. Help me to understand some things that i dont have clear about biofilms and infetions. I will do more course with this university.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, especially since you have the option to take it for free. Nice assignments that gets you to think outside the box or challenge. Recommend it if you wanna keep yourself busy and learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is quite comprehensive and is taught by someone who is highly competent and also has a very nice disposition: Andrew. Selection of topics of the syllabus has been done mindfully.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course! The professor have a fine sense of humour, and the knowledge is easy to be absorbed. With the homeworks, my skill on programming is indeed enhanced.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course!The Course Project was really challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a five star course. When I signed up I thought it might be interesting but it gives more than I expected. The style of the course is really great and easy to follow. I am working across cultures as a leader and although I know a few things about the subject it can still give me deeper understanding and a better overview as well. I wish this course would have been available when I started my international position, I might have avoided some mistakes. Still it is not too late to learn:-)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and made me understand where I was failing the previous attempts to be more active!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good source for learning lists, dictionaries and tuples in pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good for both inexperienced and experienced photographer. Gives you a better understanding of photography as a creative expression, and will definitely make you a better photographer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course delivered a very important important aspect of research -ORIENTATION TO SEEK KNOWLEDGE THE SCIENTIFIC WAY !!! THANK YOU COURSE ERA AND THE UNIVERSITY TEAM .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It helped me to get some mental tools and master my focusing problems with studying. I also learned many new things which as a psychologist major I didn't know until now. Thanks for teaching me learning how to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is well worthwhile. Its main objective is make you think about ethical issues, as opposed to making decisions in a rote manner. Their argument about ethical blindness is persuasive and it helps you to understand corporate behaviors that appear to be inconceivable (Enron, Ford Pinto, etc).My hope was to learn more about guidelines for making corporate decisions that have internal economic costs or benefits, with associated external social benefits or costs. However, I was assured that this would not be possible in the confines of this course. But this course does make you hungry for more. Hopefully, this faculty will be able to offer a follow-up course in the near future.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful course! This is a basic ML course and I think everyone could learn a lot without any pressure!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well structured course. Just to the point course with things that gets us started as quickly as possible.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course that will help me, and my students, to Learn how to LearnThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is absolutely fantastic, everything about it is great! Highly recomended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This helps me through my solid waste management course at my university, although things explained here are not detailed (in general). This also expands my knowledge about solid waste management around the world, especially in developing countries (like my country, Indonesia).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course. Easy to follow for unexperienced students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course for introductory purposes nevertheless practice makes perfectionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and material. Really enjoyed this one. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great general introduction to finance, profitable also for the non experts.The personal opinion of the Professor are an amazing plus which makes this course stand out among similar ones.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I was more than pleased to see the huge amount of information in a 5 week duration course. Very professional !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really insightful and practical. Thanks pwcThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. A great way to introduce to Buddhist with a scientific approach.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course - highly recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is good but it's not free.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course.... is the best course of my life!!! I really happy....Everyone should have the chance to know this wonderful course. The teachers are really great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such a treasure of information.Thank you to the whole great team ~.~The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
happy to see the university try to help non-english speaker to improve their english .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course is designed so well by the UC Davis and Coursera. And the discussion forum is also really helpful for me while studying this course. It's really a great experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course, the material is quite advanced but very well structured and introduced in a very simple way. The assignments were a lot of fun: really enjoyed the peer-graded assignments where I needed to write short proofs, much more useful than regular multiple-choice answers. Looking forward to the next course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
All the projects are real life cases. They are close to our life, challenging but also engaging, Doing this project makes me able to implement the theoretical frameworks in real situation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and to the point. The instructor guides you step by step along the way to Angular proficiency. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Comprehensive coverage of the topic. Goes deep enough to clarify the concepts but does not drown you with information. In addition to teaching the various methods and their pros and cons, it also teaches you the practical methods of applying the methods, gives you an idea of how to approach a problem, what to expect and what to watch out for.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Andrew is a great professor. Explained the topics clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course for getting your basics right. The course is a bit slow for people who are already into programming but the Professor is great.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course for beginners in Machine Learning. Definitely worth checking out.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is perfect . If my friends need this kind of classes , I would recommend this one. But not efriends around meThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent way to learn new techniques about your mind tricks and know how it worksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well organized and very informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the Professor's presentation style, and the format of the course (quizzes with one large assignment at the end). It would have been helpful however to have had the slides available for download.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, from the basics to the advanced programming, very suitable for people with no basic knowledge of modern programming. Good teachers, with good explanations and a well balanced learning curve.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely useful and student friendly!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing,awesome !!!no words to describe course,format, lectures ... so well organized.....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wish I had the chance to know this corse before.. It's the best I ever did and I'm sure it Will help me a lot to fulfill my goal, include machine learning inside the software I create.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Especially for students like me who does not have any IT background. R is tremendously powerful software and this course helped me a lot to gain knowledge in R.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My only wish is that I had taken this course in high school.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great refresher for me - have not studied macro for 20 years in undergrad courses. I found the material to be logical and easy to conceptualize as a result.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful discussion about the philosophy and method of data analysis. The associated text was useful, although somewhat basic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to understand, many things to put in practice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good course for everyone who wants to better or refresh their grammar and punctuation for a writing ordeal.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well structured and presented. Great instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Instructor made this course interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must do curse for everyone on hospitality industry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and course and well presented! I loved it and learned so much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great mental workout. Well-explained, but the coding challenges and bonus questions are challenging enough to allow for a lot of growth even for more advanced students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very practical skills in a painless, easy to follow process.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a wonderful course to teach you how to learn effectively.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very good and user-friendly for beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is chock full of insightful, research-based tips for learning. I am starting graduate school and can't wait to implement the strategies. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really good I like the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very helpful course; introduces the basic concept in Global health and I start to become more interested in it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is great. It provides us with the useful information not only for improving our knowledge, but also for applying it to improve our life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The material is good and the professors quirky way of presenting is interesting to me at least. I'm enjoying his lectures and am able to follow his examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A long course compared to others in the specialization, but a lot of great material. Very well presented, the instructors know how to present this material and make it easy to grasp and understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Everything you need to know to have a clear understanding of regression models and learn how to use their basic functions in R.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really got a lot out of this course and it will definitely change the way I tackle challenges in the workplace! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There is a lot you can learn during this course, I enjoyed it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really a good course for improving slef awarness!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful and interesting! Thank you :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
After having taken several Data Science-related courses, this course seems like a good introduction to Python for Data Science applications. Not much 'actual Data Science' is covered in the course, however. It's more practically-oriented in the sense that it deals with data preparation (loading, cleaning and merging data). You don't get the luxury of the common perfectly-prepared csv-files in this course, which is a good thing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very comprehensive, good balance between theory and excercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am very happy with this course. It's easy and helped me a lot :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course to get started in statisticsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'd like this course to be more difficult and i'd like it to have more practical exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for everyone !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
thank you dr Nikos Mattheos yhank you university of hongkong thank you for each prof give us an info thank you all i wish to be one of your team one day to learn more from you many many thanks i learned alot of things i love you allThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course. I'm new in this ground and got a good introduction to analytics and a great procedure to comprehensively evaluate marketing strategies to feed the whole process with new insights to better decisions. It is best if the learner could count on an administrator account to a website to apply the knowledge in order to develop the skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite phenomenon! I love it....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you, Andrew! The course is really great. It is easy to understand material with no prior knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was the first course I passed completely. Thank you. It was joyful and informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was excellent. It was very practical and had helpful tips throughout the modules to help teachers improve their lesson planning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
While testing the questions should be increased.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Geat cours suppling the general views of epidimiology.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Concise and interesting course that will help one to understand the basics about business metrics. It is meant for beginners and it is time-saving or better, it's largely up to you, if you want to spend here 1 or 5 hours per week.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing :D I'm really enjoying every moment in this course, the professor is having a great and simple way of explaining things, if we can call them things :DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course. I have learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks again. Great Job.Your class provides good general knowledge, to benefit many students.The Lessons will help many students, to make Better Choices in their HEALTH future.Best; "the" DONALD from PENNSYLVANIA !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an excellent courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A perfect place for beginners in web programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course very much. I will keep on learning Korean.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has a lot of good informationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and interesting course with well substantiated real life examples. It was fantastic to have a variety of perspectives from knowledgeable professionals across the campus involving the private sector. A big thank you to Professor Tim Shaw and all the participating professors and industry professionals in helping make this course so enjoyable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! I'm really enjoying this specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is really well structured. Use of iterables was a really good concept that I was not using much before in terms of having new iterables etc.I would have really liked if you included arrays in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I still think that there is a lot to learn. the fact that I have limited time to complete the tasks made me hurry and not dig deeper into things I would like to.If I could use the forum and ask questions after the course ended it would be better.generally the course is very good for beginners. The instructor is very good and encouraged me to continue learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple and easy tips and a very short course. Thanks to the teacher, the university and Coursera for this course.:)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really good for anyone who has basic knowledge of any programming language. this will help you to connect dots on how web programming is done for companies and how tools are used to expedite your coding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to Python. Interesting and easy to start.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is great. I learned very much. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like it, great course. this even if my connection isn't so good in this days, but lucThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, teacher is great and content is very insightful.On the less good side, students should not expect all concepts to be clarified from the beginning, so a good deal of research has to be self made.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great course for the intrductionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good for beginner. Very clear and professor is very humurous.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very complete view of sustainable development, from all kind of perspectives from global development goals to fighting the poor and from climate change to sustainable food production.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
All are very practical tips, however some of them I've read and used before.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful course with lots of applied knowledge. One gets to learn how to use R to perform the hypothesis testing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The professor is very passionate about the subject which adds to the course. The studied material is very professional and understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course aroused my intellectual interest to its highest.Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great explanation. Good intuition and examples. step by step.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really great coursei wish it had automatic test to assignment resultsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. my constructive criticism has to do with the organizing of the group activities, it's just very difficult to organize into groups via people whom you have not met, especially given the time zone differences as well the differences in daily schedules for group members. I just wonder if there's a possibility to organize the group projects in such a way that the website allows for better asynchronous work (not just emailing back and forth as that feels very disorganized)? Otherwise I feel that I learned a lot and I feel that this is a great intro class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a good course.If I must complain about something is that, since the course covers a little too much too fast, the people that is not familiar with the subject might not understand the why or how of things explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
step by step,i get to know what game theroy is.and combined with the knowledge i learn in my college ,i feel this course quite interesting。professor ‘s kind and does help us a lot.thxThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Classes had clear explanations and practical examples. I wish we had dug a little deeper in the themes, but I understand this is a fundamentals' course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just awesome. The way course was designed was great. Will highly recommend every one who wants to have a understanding of the universe.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a really valuable course in forcing me to put everything together and make it work. It made me value the need to be a more organised teacher and to put my working schedule into a better format, making things more efficient and certainly more organised.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I highly recommend this course. Assignments are practical and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was pretty astonishing. I had no idea that taking a class could be enjoyable and something I looked forward to. I definitely think that you should take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The only reason this course did not get top marks is because very often the audio and the video did not match. Even with captions turned on it was, at times, difficult to follow as the captions follow the audio and end when the video ends even if the audio is not quite finished.Other than that I found this course enjoyable as well as educational.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course with interesting assignments that gives thorough understanding of involved concepts. Thank you Ng Sir .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The material is excellent as an introductory courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a must attend course here!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very accessible and extremely suitable for beginners. I loved it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Case study approach helped me quickly get an overview of the usage of Machine Learning techniques in a very short time!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Problems are very helpful. Testing system of the grader is superior.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great examples and excercises. A good way to get into the graphic design. I enjoy every assignment and it gives a lot of ways to keep doing graphic design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a tough course.but teaching is very good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Curse was clear, and well presented via Coursera. Certain lecturers do great over the net, some not so ... this proessor was very well prepared for the course content, givne in shorter lectures with intermittant questions to keep you enageged. SImple, effective.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course, really discusses how to communicate effectively in todays business environment at any level and how to choose best platform too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an interesting course and a very helpful one. I suggest it to all the students because I find it rather important.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought this course was about art and related ideas. To my surprise is has a teaching focus which I did not anticipated and which has no interest for me. I did not do the final project because it does not interest me. Thank you for the art part, wish there would have been more of it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Useful course for middle and senior managers. Helps with different perspectives and practical tips to be more effective at this. Highly recommended. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had no time to actually do the course material properly (due to real-life work) but I loved following what I could and eventually will take the course properly (next year). There is a lot of material covered and can be challenging for someone with little knowledge of music theory, but with some extra baxkground reading (and some wikipedia articles) one can catch up quickly. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great knowledge for wind energy.Great lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and challenging course. The instructor is very professional, videos are nice, real brain specimens are amazing. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have godd experience during this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear, succinct and easy to follow even for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was fantastic. Logically set out and full of great content. Made me really reevaluate my own resume as I learnt a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A wonderful, well organized, and very informative course. Dr. Jenny and Dr. Vincent have presented the course in a very simple and engaging manner. There are plenty of demonstrations that are very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
lots of information but in a simple way to understand. i feel like i have learned a lot here and will be trying some of the recipes on my children. Lets hope they are a hit!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Game video pitch is the most interesting assignment. I have got chance to see other students' ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is passionate about leadership and care about people! It is fun and easy to apply to your daily life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good review of basic grammar rules and good opportunities to practice them to improve your writing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a casual participant with a general interest I found this course to be enlightening - it helped me ground the fragments that I had already learned here and there about the Bible in historical, social, geographic (in particular) and political contexts and thus weave those fragments into a narrative that makes sense to me. This JW thanks Emory's JW!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to understand, and very informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Highly useful course and assignments. Professor teaches great techniques to writing a clean and concise code.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course has enhanced my reading experience. Writing in the margins… up till now I have never challenged or asked the writer any questions. This idea has never struck me before, but interacting with texts provides "room" on the page for my conversation with the writer, which is a visual reminder that all texts are part of an ongoing discussion and are not the last word on a given subject.Thank you, Prof. Bazanova!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was taught very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
thank you so much for providing such a good course for us！！The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Andrew Ng is an excellent presenter. He does not "spoon-feed" yet gives you just enough information to take you over the challenging hurdles.Great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love Dr. Chuck! He made the class both fun and highly informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course. Very informative and exceptionally well designed. I have learnt so much that will help me with my work in Integrative oncology and botanical medicine.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very clarifying and informative. The lecturer is charismatic and didactic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Finally. I know how to use punctuation correctly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent and engaging course addressing the subject matter from a different perspective from other neurobiology courses available on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course was well paced. Assignments were relevant. Only shortcoming I believe was that the last two weeks of the course did not require any submission of a coding assignment. Only required a quiz.I feel that the course would benefit from a requirement to submit some code each week.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course! A must have courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great challenge to get started in RThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I truly enjoyed this course. As a speech-language pathologist, learning the process of assessments for ELLs was especially helpful as I work in the city with very diverse populations. Thank you for the wonderful course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good want to learn moreThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Statistics should definitely be a pre-requisite for this course. I study clinical pharmacology and my knowledge of stat was limited to mean, median and mode and standard deviation haha. good course though for whoever studied statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a quite well structured course. Is missing a little bit "flash" to become more incentive, attractive. Negotiation is part of "sell and buy" something and many times is not only a scheme of calculus, could be also sentimental decision and in this case is difficult to determine the right value (value creation is like a bubble soap, nice but easy to break).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good instructor. Straight forward material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is appropriate for all ages. It helps me prepare not just food for children, but for others as well. It also provides detail scientific explanation of nutrition. The course is a very practical one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed the course very well. Just glad to know some aspects I hardly heard of.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you very much for providing this course.It would have been helpful if there were some slides added to the course. Also given the fact of how people are enrolled in the course the following points would also have been beneficial:1) Some communication on the boards by the Lecturer (It is understandable that a person such as Professor Shiller is extremely busy. However, given the fact that 8,854 people are enrolled in the course, that is an estimate of £283,328 assuming if they all purchase the £32 certificate of course. This justifies some sort of weekly communication.2) The videos and material covered is at the very highest of quality. However, the transcript downloaded does not allow for good printing and needs a lot of manual editing in wordEven taking into account the above points the course provides an excellent, unique and broad perspective on Financial Markets.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good for refreshing my knowledge of the languageThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun and concise bite sized lectures. Challenging yet manageable tasks to complete. If you want to begin to explore the basics of poetry in a fun way, this is the course for you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course provides complete information and guidance for a beginner in Web designing. Me being unfamiliar with programming before starting here, our mentors and teachers provided study material in such a manner helped me (a fresh comer) learn HTML, CSS and JS quickly and pretty well. In a month, you really do learn a lot. You require a good amount of self-discipline and dedication for learning any new subject, specially if you're juggling it with a job or being a university student. But the quality of lecture videos, the material provided for extra learning and the weekly amount of work is perfect for coaching you in Web Designing.Good Luck !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great introductory course to the Machine Learning practice. It gives you a great overview of different machine learning methods and does not have a steep learning curve. This course will prepare you to dive deeper into machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It has been really nice to have someone from the 'inside' talk me through the realms of the Publishing Labyrinth. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, gives deep understanding of main data structures and its usageThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course on Machine Learning. Thank you very much, Andrew Ng!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice class, well thought out and organized. The assignments are interesting and the practice assignments are relevant. Getting hands on on Pentaho was a big plus.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great teacher. Clear message. Goes slowly though the material and highlights key concepts few times to make them stay. If someone does not want slow pace can always jump ahead as course structure is well organized and described.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice and interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely interesting. A great way to understand today's world and to try to put our futureThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course. I have learnt a great deal and found the course easy to follow when broken into bite size chunks. The quizzes and coursework have reinforced my learning. I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn about our universe.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. It shows how we can leverage existing tools to build easily nice Front EndsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the instructor and his very fluid approach to introducing new programmers to the word of Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great method and instructor. I am going to keep going with learning Mandarin. Very pleased with the content and structure of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very good, particularly if you also make the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very informative course. I realized that I still got LOTS to learn to things that I love to do. The teacher is great. Teaching made easy. No need to pay expensive sessions. Salute to coursera and Berklee!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
By conducting the capstone project, I applied essential concepts and tools to analyse genomic data in order to understand interesting biological processes. The tasks were well designed and explained. The peers in this learning community were ver supportive. After taking this specialization, I feel confident in integrating genomic and transcriptomic data analysis into my plant biological research. THANK YOU!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This introduction to Game Design was exceptional! The teacher is great and manages to keep the course light and still deliver the necessary knowledge. In this course you learn the basics about games, what they are, what rules are, what characters are etc. For me it was just the perfect start.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptionally good. For those who wish to know the base of sustainable cities and how to make them reality in the future, this is the best course to lookout for.Good supplementary reading material and good presentations on on-going research in this field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was a wealth of information. I was a history major in college, yet not much of this information was ever presented to me. I am so happy to finally be able to understand some of the reasons behind the current difficulties in the Middle East.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative. Would highly recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
some problems in quiz part are confusing... but nice course in generalThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course content and presentation was excellent. I love the large-project format of the classes in this specialization. I only wish this course had more resources for working offline, at a level that matches the previous courses in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
comprehensive and to the pointThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course to enhance BI learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The formation is greater opportunity get more knowledge in Software Product.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
tThis course is extremely good. The videos are all self explanatory and need no extra reference . Even the idea given altogether is enough for a beginner .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing! Very good examples and concise information.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
What a course! Fascinating, compelling, Thanks for the opportunityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A pretty good introductory course but not much more. I really hope to see it followed up by a more advanced version! Thanks for all the help!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good, Congratulations for the ideia. Great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed a lot this class: nice videos with clear and progressive explanations, with interesting and pedagogic method consisting in giving intuition before theThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is the first step to dive into the data science course. One finds a lot of videos about how to create and use the tools to carry out the specialization. Great job!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the interview style format. Never felt rushed, but never felt redundant. Perfect pacing and gained many new insights and a respect for the political process.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
After taking the codecademy course, I felt this was way easier to grasp any understand. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learnt many things about Big Data. Now at least I have some basic foundation in it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nicely explained all the concepts. Course is planned well. Thumbs Up!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course overall, but it does need some cleaning up. Lots of small typos and errata have been documented in both the lectures and the homework assignments. There seems to often be inconsistent row/column formatting of X and/or theta in the homeworks versus the lecture notes which creates unnecessary confusion. Although it is possible for the student to browse around multiple areas to piece together the puzzle, given that the course has been around for several years I feel that there should be a cleanup and reconsolidation of things to save students time. But yeah... given that you can take this course for free... it's pretty badass :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content is great and would highly recommendThe structure for grading however is poor. The peer assignments don't work well compared to other Coursera courses. I submitted my assignments in time, but even after a month I still don't have one peer that has completed my review which then delays the 'completion' of my course. When I go to do other peer reviews for other people on the same assignment I am presented with 6 month old assignments overdue from previous courses?! In addition, you can't participate in the forum discussions until you submit something yourself. I would prefer to add to a thread than go in blind to each forumThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, I hope it can continue.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is the best You can find on functional programming with Scala. It's a rare opportunity to take a course from the creator of the language and learn all the important parts of the language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
some of the content and videos were too wordy and had more theory v/s examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Many good tips on learning and tests :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved this course! Thank you so much for making this course available.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very detail explanation of the essence of AngularJS 1.x, which makes it easy to followThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a good course if you want to learn meteor but a lot of people would like to have support at discussions from a professor since a lot of questions stay unanswered or with wrong answers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a wonderful teaching! Im so sad that cant study offline at this place with so interesting peopleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very structured and easy understanding course content. It is a good start to pick up Financial Accounting Basic by watching each videos and work on the quizzes. Thumbs up!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course , super teaching faculty and 100 % practice-orientedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wouldn't take this if I wasn't taking the specialization but it's a nice introduction to the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Implementing the theory part of analysis by using practical tools and follow analytical processes this course teaches how to adopt professional ways for performing a Analysis in the Digital Marketing World. It is highly recommended that each reading in the course syllabus must be reviewed for better learning and experience. Thanks to instructor Mr. Kevin Hartman, University of Illinois and Coursera team for bringing the global community of digital marketers this professional course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Lessons and solid ideas for all ages, all income levels. Good Job.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Definitely recommend this short course which gives a good overview of Ableton Live's capabilities and how to use them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was very good. The content was explained well. The assignments were the best part. Looking forward to completing the second part of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for a highly challenging, interesting and varied course. I have learned a lot which will be helpful for my work, but also personal interest in this area. I did have difficulty sometimes understanding what was said in the lectures (technical issues) and also I thought some of the quiz questions were not correct. They seemed to contradict what was said in the lectures. Otherwise, it was an excellent course and one I would recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an advanced course and there are a lot of things that Geoffrey Hinton talks about casually which one has to read more about on one's own. The knowledge and clarity of the instructor is beyond doubt top notch. This course if quiet exhaustive and perhaps the best course on neural networks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome course learnt a lot of aspects of compuational motion planningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very informative and comprehensive introduction to the topic of Astrobiology. It was an enjoyable and challenging course to participate in.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the programme very informative and engaging. I learnt concepts in neurobiology and post the programme, I am able to see neurobiology play out all around us in our everyday life. Dr. Mason's teaching style is informal and engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course and especially awesome faculty teaches all the concept so well and adds some humor as well very satisfied :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great course. I learned a lot of new things and some concepts I knew already I now understand much better. Some assignments was really tough, but it was a great learning experience.I had a little head start because I had taken another game programming course before, but that time it was in Python.C# is a little bit different, because you have to specify the data types for all the variables, which you don't need in Python.I really loved to work with XNA and MonoGame and I'll probably will later in the future too.I really recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn game programming within C#:Though if you're a total beginner and never had any programming experience whatsoever, you may have a hard time on some assignments.Overall a very good course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course is really useful! its perfect for people who want to learn composition.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks for the opportunity to study in PWC, the best institute to learn Excel and financial tools, thanks COURSERA for supporting me, thank you for allowing people with limited economic resources to learn from the best universities and thank you for promoting education without borders. We are a species, we are a world, we are one world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a pretty good course in understand the basics of philosophy and get a sense of what philosophy is doing. The reference materials are really great and can help you gain a deeper understanding of course materials. However, the course is more limited to introduction and does not go in-depth.A good course if you want a taste of philosophy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought this course was very well structured and the information immediately applicable. The instructor is clear and I enjoyed the examples he used to reinforce concepts. This is the first course I've taken toward the iMBA program and I hope the other classes are as informative and interesting as this one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is really a great introduction to power electronics. The only thing I disliked was you need to type in your answers accurate up to 8 decimal digits.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an amazing experience. I learn a lot. Great course!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty awesome, nice people teaching and colleagues, a good feedback on every question, and also gave a good basis on the HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript development, but I would like to have more pure javascript solutions instead of jQuery.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very very well built and explained. Great Job!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A really interesting course, and also, basic and simple. The lectures are a little fast though. I hope I would continue this course if I have time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is great and very comprehensive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a current medical student, Medical Neuroscience here on Coursera really equipped me to perform well in my studies in our school's neuro course. I really appreciated the concise yet thorough lectures from Dr. White throughout the course. I HIGHLY recommend this course to anyone interested in the brain and especially those students enrolled in a neuro course in their current studies. This course supplemented my regular class lectures and assignments very well and helped me to master the content much more efficiently and smoothly!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Covered really useful tools like shiny and slidify.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome instructor! He really knows how to teach. Every lesson was a pleasure and it was broken down in such a way that it was easy to understand and highly entertaining. I would recommend this class to anyone wanting to learn the Python programming language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! High quality video/audio and it is organized very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is really and gave a concrete foundation on the data structures available in python and its usage :) :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, though the accent of the lector is disturbing (my apologies)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good way of teaching englishThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course that brought up many different theories and ideas supported by different experts in many fields.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty good, I like it! It is easy to understand and makes me want to try a more healthy life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good courses because It's not difficult and basic. Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Completely worth the time I invested in this course. Clear and to the point instruction with practical assignments. I feel I really learned something through this. It was my first experience with Coursera, thanks to Dr. Charles and the support team of mentors and classmates.I ended up purchasing the certification and am continuing my studies with Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is great, I learned a player, I never had played.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Rajagopal Raghunathan is a great professor. He and his team work really hard for this course and you can certainly tell by watching the videos.The recommendations and ideas from this course are key for enhancing happiness and for a better understanding of our selves. I highly recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good content. The lessons are clear and relevant, with good examples. The course would be "excellent" if the instructor would be involved with the forums and would answer questions that were posted directly to her. But I still think it is a great deal for managers to take this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional course. The perfect learning for beginners in financial accounting. Totally recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Course. To the point and clean lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good! I enjoy this course and recommend it to every one interested in data learning and programming learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course!Thank you so much for your efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very suitable for rookies to start Python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor is very easy to understand for international students and the course teaches you the fundamentals and language of cloud technologies. It will be useful for both students and developers to take the course if you feel the need to learn more about these technologies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very interesting, helpful, creative, useful and wonderful course. Everybody must surely learn this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a little different than I expected (more litigations and law in general), but A LOT of new information nevertheless.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an Excellent Course I learned a lot and it was a great opportunity to learn GIS basics.Thank you so muchNick Santos (our instructor) and the UC Davis Extension TeamThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Introduction to Big Data !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect teacher. He makes everything simple and clearThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My expectation was met. The course is excellent with real life scenarios and delivered by a very seasoned ProfessorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very informative and intersetingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is one of the most well organized and easy to follow and understad, in the same way it is very compitable with the Idea of online learning , it is not boaring not long and right to the pointkeep it upThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great way to solidify all the knowledge acquired in the other courses. Everyone should do this!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would give this course a five based on the content it provides, but it lacks in three key areas. First, no forums, really? This is how we learn when we have NO instructor or TA support. They also lack workable calculations. Second, there was a GLARING error in a quiz that no one caught, showing a near complete lack of understanding of energy conversion. Third, the quiz engine has had a number of errors in the calculations. specifically in formula formatting. These are advanced systems that clearly need more testing. But all in all, this is GREAT content if you want to learn about organic (polymer OPV) solar cells.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! The tutorials are very complete and the lengthy explanations allow anyone without previous knowledge of neuroscience to join the course. There are also many opportunities and ways to interact with fellow students. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I highly recommend this class for anyone taking an animal physiology class. The instructors really simplify all topics to where its very easy to understand and keep up.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course for those who have already some experience with programming, but want to learn the basics of R.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another excellent and informative addition to the Python Specialisation Course. Builds upon previous knowledge seamlessly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a really good course, I like it!.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course. I would recommend this course to get started on machine learning and understand its applications. This course doesnt go deep into the complex mathematical theory unlike others and the instructors do a very good job in going through the material systematically. Assignments are a bit challenging but manageable since graphlab has a lot of inbuilt libraries.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice introduction which allows to start using some tools to present results of the analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This lesson help me to form the recognization of how to learning, and help me to choose the best way to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Really Recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good, i like this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Recommended for anyone who want to learn more about the language skills especially in writingwell it's comprehensive course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very practical courses. Very good introduction to Big Data sources and Computational Analysis tool.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Glad I joined this course. Professor Schiller explained all concepts well and clearly and cited a lot of historical events to show what went wrong and what should've been rectified.Having the guest speakers also added value to the lessons and provided inspiration to participants.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to understand and know how to succeed in the future on the learning path. Thanks a lot !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty good. As a beginner, I have learned a lot about html, css and javascript from this well-designed four-week class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Illustrative and useful specially for beginners to programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a little incomplete and leaves a lot of gaps in your knowledge. It is pretty basic and works as a fast introduction to Macroeconomics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good mind tools to improve learning career ... Thank you very much for the people who work behind this course to help the people all over the world to achieve their learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very interactive, a mind opener with real case studies and valuable knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is very good course for beginners and well explained wit practical exampleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor provided great tips on how to write clearly and with authority.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think it's an essential course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked how easy to understand and follow was this course. I recommend itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent begining course for developing web pagesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I got very rich and enormous practical insights from this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely accurate, well designed and explained! Awesome!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and easily accessibleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great explanation of the concepts involved!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very useful course for meThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice,this course give me a lot of help, thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely helpful and informative. The benefits of this course is going to stay with me for the rest of my life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Covers the most important financial decision making tools and explains weakness and strengths of various methods. Comparative focus on concepts such as IRR and NPV apart from integrating these with spreadsheet makes this course a must do for the aspirants.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You don´t need anything else to get started with Ableton...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course to learn the R programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, perfectly paced and detailed. The professor Andrew Ng succeeds in creating a comfortable atmosphere and is easy to follow.As a beginner in machine learning, I appreciated the fact that the contents cover the most important aspects of machine learning, without diving in too fast in the underlying mathematics and computational details. I think I need go deeper in these aspects now, but these lessons are rich of practical and methodological tips that i'm sure even advanced engineers would need.Last but not least, the Octave/Matlab hands-on exercises permit a deeper understanding of the algorithms, and to realize what remained misunderstood after the lectures.I am happy that I decided to start (and to end) this course. This was my first on Coursera : there will be others. Many thanks to Mr Ng, to the mentors that helped us on the discussion boards, and to the coursera team in general.Arnaud.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course.I learned lot of valuable things.Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really creative, insightful and fun; five stars!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course, excellent info and materials for a basic project manager. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course and the best teacher. I would like to see the advanced version of this course to be offered.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really adaptable in my daily activitiesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very insightful little course introducing what data science is and what it's used for. Would love to see more of this group's work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course, I really appreciate seeing the real world application of psychological theories and the material was presented in a variety of ways to gain and hold the learner's attention. The extra reading and additional video resources further enhanced my understanding of the subject matter. The material was delivered simply and effectively. Thank you! Good Job!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course...great ideas...great learning. Thanks coursera for providing a scholarship on this course. I really appreciate your generosity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the idea of this course but a bit out of my league. I wanted more on the data and applying it in real life rather than how the data is collected.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great finish to the specialization. A very 'free form' approach to the final project allowed students to develop and demonstrate projects in areas that interested them. The instructor (Dr Chuck) is the most engaged and engaging teacher I have come across on Coursera. His live 'graduation' ceremony was a first!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The perfect course to start the machine learning journey !!! Even if you know nothing, it is in your best interest to give a try, everything is well explained. Hats Off to the tutor too for such a nice explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Great insights on practical challenges.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great tutorials, explanations, starting code samples and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My first completed course on Coursera! The Teacher is great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed it :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! I have really enjoyed the information is presented in a very detailed way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've taken a bunch of Coursera Courses, and these were my favorite. Fun to watch and packed with useful stuff I wish I had known a long time ago.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course, it forced me to depend on myself. I had to search, I had to read and go through lots of articles, questions, solutions and tutorials online and also, in the discussion board to solve the assignments. I believe it is the best way for someone to get knee deep and learn the language. This is exactly the methodology that should be followed in the real world. One would have to search and find solutions for any issues that are encountered. I enjoyed it and moving on to completing the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content very clear and explained by the professors.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course. Very interesting!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this lesson offer much help for new comers in this domain like me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was another excellent course in the iOS specialization by Prof. Don Patterson. However, Prof. Patterson's teaches students many important concepts prevalent in iOS apps, such as integration with various social networking applications, working with data in local on-device storage, and push notifications. Once again, I found Prof. Patterson's style to be very engaging (a most difficult task especially for online lectures) and the course materials to be well thought out.Only one caveat though: The name of the course is a little misleading: there isn't much of a discussion about security features of iOS (I would have expected a course covering security in iOS to at least talk about using cryptography inside apps.)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a challenging but immensely rewarding course on too many levels to even begin listing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very useful course and the instructor is very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Content, and by the end of the course you have a full fledged Front-end website working.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The professor teaches in a clear and concise manner. Incredibly helpful! Thank you :)!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a though one but I finally completed this course. Instructors are awesome!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A really interesting and relevant course. Replayable and pause-able video lectures are obviously the way to go. The software-driven transcription of the lectures is useful but needs a lot of reformatting and some error correction (this process is not a bad learning tool in its own right!)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction and refreshingly presented, Thank You!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's an awesome course. I recommend this course to all those who want to pursue the career in Digital marketing. Apart from that, it's very easy to learn and the assignment are very interesting. I guarantee youwill definitely enjoy this course and i recommend you to take all 6 of them.I rate it a 4 star only because the course study must be updated a bit. Else i would have given it a 5 star.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There is lack of understanding how you actually build shown systems and software was presented in lectures if we deal with actual code.. but I gave 5 stars for creative and useful content provide the direction to go father in computer graphics field. I strongly recommend this course to students who starts developing digital content or/and programmers who want inspiration for their own projects. If there is a specialization on the topic, but with deep view on actual code samples, I would have bought one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, i liked so much the content and the way to acquire knowledge throw practice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course on web crawling.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Both thorough and approachable, a great introduction which also goes somewhat in-depth and provides lots of real world examples. Excellent class!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great intro course to the topic, and the instructors both make complicated concepts accessible. For example, the explanation of non-linear features in deep learning is extremely clear and intuitive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Cutting edge cryptography topics. Good explanations and slides, but pause button is highly recommended. Can be a bit too mathematical for the general public, and not very formal for mathematicians.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course because I believe that managing / coaching is a personal matter, and this course allows us to reflect on internal believes.Very good approach.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, would highly recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very clear. But the project is not very difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
GREAT COURSE AND GREAT MENTORThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
lecture material was very helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a perfect courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very insightful course! Thank you for this course Andrew Ng, it's been a wild ride!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent! Professor Scott Weisbenner was brilliant and explained very carefully all lessons, one of the best MOOCs on Coursera!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for all WASH professionalsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. Thank you very muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
wonderful course....this is the first time I think I wold be able to complete a course....keep up the good work sir.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear, complete and concise! Great course for those who write a lot of emails!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think is really useful!I found it in a great time, because I was desperate and I didn't know what to do about my professional project and I lived worried all the time. This course made me feel better, with a all world to make things different.Thanks.I didn't finish the last item: write my assignment. It is my fail. Outside of that, I think is a great course.The course is in spanish (I'm mexican), I think it would be great for non-speaking spanish people the use of subtitles in english.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course in Finance for managers ,loved it.Specially the professor Tom's teaching style and amazing communication skills and detailing of the concepts.Will recommend every manager to take this course and save hell lot of money in going other colleges and spending huge money.An experience to cherish!!Thanks professor Thomas smith !!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I seriously loved this course!! Good information, excellent teacher!!! I just wish you could get a certificate for this class. Would recommend to anyone!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course and discussion board is the greatest help where you got directions to which area you need to explore to find answers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very informative course. was great studying with prof.aric!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fundamentals of ManagementCongratulations on the platformCongratulations on the administrative order of the courseCongratulations on the Success of the CourseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course easy to follow and informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed the content and pace of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content for starters!! Slides are easy to follow. Lectures are never boring mainly due to the witty professor!! Love this course!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy going, but I think week 3 has much information, maybe a step by step toturial might help.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course and also flexible to needs of students. If you get behind, the course is built to help you get back on track. I find this extremely helpful with a busy and irregular schedule.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was very beneficial, thanks for the opportunity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Main points I found useful:1. Actually implementing the cost functions and gradients in MATLAB really made the formulae sink in.2. Bias-variance trade off: plot the learning curve of train & CV error vs number of samples to determine whether you have a low bias algo. If not, going 'big data' won't help.3. Ceiling analysis to figure out which areas to spend effort on improving.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easily to knows it,i plan to learn moreThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great comprehensive cap to the rest of the MoM courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course is very niceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course provided a solid, clear, and friendly introduction to the basics of speaking & understanding spoken Mandarin, as well as to how Mandarin is written in the Roman alphabet. Vocabulary and grammar points were introduced at a pace that was never too overwhelming. I'd have liked the quizzes to be based on listening to a dialogue or watching a video and then testing comprehension, rather than just on vocabulary. But on the whole, I was pleased. It was exciting, right as the course was ending, to see that I could have a tiny conversation of the "Do you like autumn?" and "We are taking the subway to school" variety with a Chinese colleague.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best way to start learning Machine Learning, clear concepts, good programming assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is good and very important courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! Excellent Teacher! Excellent knowledge!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fresh and with basic concepts well explained!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, but the development cycle is hard and I had to suffer a lot when it comes to the device emulations . I know the time is short, but I would be happy if you can provide a course or some helpful links. The first two weeks are nice to develop, because of the ionic serve --watch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and well done course packed with very useful resources.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Liked the approach to use case studies to explain Machine Learning and the many algorithms. Brought the otherwise complex subject to life. The hands-on exercise were very useful to consolidate learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Have got a great insight towards 3D Printing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Contents of the course are very diverse, clearly changes your way and ability to identify patterns, and fit real world in to models to extract additional information ...It does not have a very in depth, description about most models, but enough to understand them, because there are so many different concepts that are fit together ...Its an excellent introductory course to models.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This 1st course was excellent, others in the specialization moved quicker than expectedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A clear introduction, prepped for whats nextThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Out of 15 online courses I have taken over the last 3 years, this is the best. Professor Lee presents rather difficult material in a clear, detailed, style. The lesson quizzes are remarkably useful; it seems real care has been taken in aligning the questions with the key points in the lectures, and in furthering one's understanding of the same.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great experience and has been developed very efficiently to provide a valuable tool for the insight and education of a very important phenomenon in the global community.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course was very neatly presented, although we used lots of predefined functions to work around Machine Learning Algorithms it was good to know about the concepts that was thought extremely well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very practical and useful on the real case. You can take a retrospective view of previous negotiation and finding the weakness and the blind point. Also you will have new perspectives on different negotiation. It is very enlightened course on my future negotiations. Thanks Professor George Siedel.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for learning about data structures in pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Very clear even for non IT guys!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was very easy to follow and provided me with some effective tools which has already helped me with my everyday tasks in my job. Dr. Oakleys passion for learning made the different learning topics very interesting and humorous.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent and well-structured course that provides learners with the key and simply-explained information about the EU, its history, institutions, policy-making, civic engagement instruments, opportunities that are available to all of us thanks to the EU, and so much more! For me it was very interesting to watch interviews with people whose work is closely connected with the EU; these videos are absolutely inspiring. Quizzes are designed just right (I think they cover the most essential facts one need to know about the EU), and peer-graded assignments touch upon some thought-provoking issues and stimulate students' critical thinking. I would say the course is truly worth taking, both for EU and non-EU citizens.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
All the information is really useful to form a criteria about photography, and also it helps to understand which is the role of photography and our society.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
THIS IS THE BEST CURSE I TAKE THANKS TO ALL COURSERA AND BERKLEEE TO MAKE THIS POSIBLE FORM SOUTH AMERICA THANKS TO ALL I REQUEST U CAN MAKE TOO PROTOOLS BASIC MIXING AND MASTERING COURSE PLEASEThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
thank you very much for sharing your knowledge!!!I really appreciate it ...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Everything was explained in a clear and straight-forward way, that's why I had no problem following the lectures and finishing the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is easy for beginner of machine learning. It don't require much mathematics knowledge and you can always understand the key points of significant concepts. If you want to know what is machine learning and the basic skill and method, this is the great course for you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. The teacher is great. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro into Market Analytics, though more basic if you have experience in this industry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good overview of Data Science but lacking a bit of meat.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great - the maths section was actually educationalThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A really nice and helpful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was simple and complete. I totally understood the whole system.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it feels great to listen to such courses with experienced professors...I am happy about it...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another excellent course in this series! I find that I am completing assignments quicker and with less help needed which leads me to believe I'm actually learning! Great pace and good info...highly recommended for beginners or those who want to learn another language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course design that enables you to make step by step progress in a somewhat involved area of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good teaching skills by both professors and interesting guest lectures and tutorials. Assignements that demand your full attention. I would like some more depth as far as the developement of programming skills and the practice. Great intuition and explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Do like it. Thanks a lot for a good practice-value informationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I do recommend the course, for both the methodoly and content, the tips it gives, the mindset it developsgo on Ronald !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you very much for this great opportunity to learn TESOL in Coresera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, educational and well=organized. The professor communicates the lesson clearly and effectively in maintaining one's interest in the course content. I recommend this course to anyone interested in learning about subjective truth, how to be self-seeking, the Socratic Method, and a unique method for challenging traditional thought.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really cool course, Andrew Ng is a great teacher with an outstanding knowledge.I particularly loved when he said things like "I used string kernels just twice in my life, this other kernel maybe 5 or 6 times" because he was giving us a clear, practical measure of how/how much we were going to use it.I think that's what makes a teacher (and subsequently the course) great, mixing a really good theorical knowledge with years of in-the-field experience.I hope i'll be able to talk to him sometimes because he's a very bright person.Also congrats to the mentors working hard to mantain the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a very useful beginners' classThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting class. Very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked this course. It was very interesting and informative. This course contains many practical exercises and it really helped me in English. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent teaching, Bonus chapters helps a lot in motivatThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introduction to some of the basics. The presentation was generally okay; the course materials could have been organised a little better. Requires no previous accounting knowledge (though that helps) and only very basic math.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It' great as usual!!!! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This has been an amazing course. I love all the time and effort put into these lessons. They are interesting and engaging. I have participated in other online courses and this one far surpasses the others. Thank you!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course, easy to understad, lectures are very clearThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course, very applicable and easy to follow!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great basic explanations of the concepts. Not too fast and easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very insightful course. Teaches good design basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Looking forward to more such courses on Statistics and Probability related to Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although I’m not really a gamer, I took the first session of this course since I was studying art and computer science in school, and I thought this course would give me some insights as to what decisions people make when they design a computer game based on a well-known existing story, and as to how art and technology are integrated into the overall game design. It certainly did! And I found it so engrossing that I’ve continued to play LOTRO ever since.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was my choice to join this course and now I am so glad its easy to learn and remember everything easily. A Big thanks to my Teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Fabiano's expert knowledge delivered in simple easy language makes this course easy for anyone to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I would highly recommend it to new writers, old authors, editors, and anyone interested in stories. It was a great recap and refreshed the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! It is a very useful and helpful course. i learned a lot of new thinks of food we consume every day. And get a new way to look at your food, to love it not fight it. As a med student i want to thank you for your efforts to help us eat healthy and be healthyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Highly recommended. It's a self-paced course but you'll get more out of it by enabling deadlines to keep you on track.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best course found so far :) - intriguing, interesting, challenging and valuableThanks to "Andrew Ng"The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very interesting course. It is very encouraging to see a physician willing to try to change the way that healthcare is delivered and practiced.It is long overdue. It will be, I believe, an uphill battle. We must all do what we can to facilitate this change.The first thing we can all do is to become more knowledgeable about the human body and our and our loved ones particular health issues.I would love to see a followup to this course in a year or two to see what progress has been made at the University of Florida and other institutions across the country.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course that summarizes pretty much all of the current important models in management and leadership; very inspiring and motivated instructorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fun way to end the courses.About the reading material for all of the courses - please proofread and edit the reading material. There are so many grammatical errors and typos that it made it difficult to read. (The non-word "wanna" was used many times!)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice course! great teacher, very helpful for beginner!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
love this lesson!i can understand everything and i learned so many useful things!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I followed all the videos, and I really appreciated the professor tone, slides and operations management curriculum.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is really an excellent course. The voices of the experience talking and teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very profound course with narrow specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful course, thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. I really enjoyed while learning new concepts that I can apply to different areas.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Rather boring, but very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good comprehensive class. i have been studying about memory & learning for sometime and was pleasantly surprised when almost all topics i had came across was under this single class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect place to start when your gonna study anything!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The perfect place to get into game developing :DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful cours. Thank you very much! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was indeed a great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative course. I love the way the course has balanced theoretical knowledge and practical application of the same. Happy to make the decision to join this course. Thanks Prof. Randy Hlavac, Northwestern University Team & CourseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is almost the final one for the specialization taught by prof Kaul. It is a little redundant with the 3rd course of the specialization. However, it is still of great quality, format and content, as the other courses were.It allows you to apply courses 1-3 in close to real life contexts. The exams are very interesting, and module 4 of this course made me want to go further into valuation problems. I encourage to take courses 1, 2 and 3 before this one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I don't know what to say, but I believe that this course is the most powerful online course for Python :)I'm so excited ^_^The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It has been truly a great experience. Prof. Wright is a great teacher and not only he thought about music itself but about its history; its relations to other forms of art and the evolution of society.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a wonderful opportunity to learn with Professor Schiller!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hi,The course lessons are practical, with case studies that helps you to internalize the concepts and visualize ways that you can apply it realistic examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Concise. A good tool to learn in few minutes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. The level of R needed to complete the course is very basic and a person having no prior knowledge in R could do it with some difficulty.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best online course I have taken till now.Thanks for making AngularJS learning so much fun!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent combination for education purpouseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best courses I've taken. The teachers are great and the material is equally informative and engaging, you really do learn a lot. All the contet is presented in a light manner but the modules help you understand its depth. I would recommend it to anybody who is even slightly interested in fashion.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic introduction to Machine Learning. I come from Physics, and so my prorgaming knowledge comes mainly from the numerical side of computing, and I found this course was excellent at providing a bigger insight in how numerical algorithms can be applied to real world problems, as opposed to only being able to solve analytical ones. Thank you very much for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great teacher who can explain concepts in easy to digest manner. Retaking some brush-up courses so I played this in the background while I was working, completed a quiz and continued the lessons. This class is also great for giving beginners a background of the web and the history of coding and web design. Really fun to listen to.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice teacher, course was nice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very basic, but very good with good didatics!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, choc-a-bloc with fantastic resources, information and advice. Credit to the team behind it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course to understand on how to present your work in a very structured and repeatable manner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great beginner course if you're starting out from scratch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course, thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
First and foremost I'm so thankful for the exposure to so much material in such a condensed schedule. Very good class. Even though I had to muscle my way through it.I think the class could be improved with one additional discussion thread for the project.A guide similar to the ones created for Inferential Statistics and Regression would also have been very helpful.I benefited immensely from reading parts of the book "An Introduction to Statistical Learning" while taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Instructor responds quickly to problems. Good job.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. very Informative.I never felt so comfortable on python basics before.Thanks Dr. Chuck :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The teacher was excellent, he was very clear and pricise. I was not to happy on the final assignment as there was no real way of knowing how well you didThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course to understand the most important basic funcionalities of ExcelThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course! very practical and well designed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is incredibly well done, the video lessons are great, the teacher is very good and the students are participative. The only thing that got a bit behind was a deepening, although the tasks were laborious.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful information to improve my teaching skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved the ideas, tips, and insights this course offered. Professor Barbara Oakley is wonderful, and I appreciated her demeanor and overall being. The Pomodoro technique has been extremely useful, and I'm looking forward to applying the other methods on more of my Coursera Studies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative. Loved the course. keep making more pleaseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you Valeri and thanks to HEC Paris for this extraordinary and engaged leadership courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was really helpful and inspiring.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learnt much more than machine learning itself from this course. Prof. Ng is a great teacher. The way that he designs and teaches the course is extremely helpful for me to learn new knowledge. For every one who is new to learn machine learning and hopes to learn it, this should be his/her first course. I enjoyed the learning experience so much. Thank you Prof. Ng.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
towards end of the course, specifically linear regression week, a lot of buzzwords are strung together. I wish, the instructor would be a little bit more sparing in their usage together (together is the keyword). Eg "This is the connection between linear regression and mutual information in a parametric model where we have gaussian distributions" I feel that each term in isolation I know what they mean, but when strung together, I am unclear how to process the meaning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was fantastic. It was very challenging. I could do with some additional opportunities for exploratory analysis to reinforce some concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great info but some of the terminology was rather vague in explaining. Would of loved a glossary to refer to.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It would be good to have examples that are not too much inclined towards Maths.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lecturers are fantastic in explaining the details and information. Really loved it right from the start of the video lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course, very informative will teach you alotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was one of the best Coursera courses I have ever taken. Congratulations!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a very good course to start learning statistics! I love instructors, they are so funny!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome! Although you should get some python experience before taking this course. I had a blast :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
PERFECT COURSE TO BEGINERS OU STUDENTSThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good quality information, excellent instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was more challenging (and fun) than the first Python class, but if you just stick with it and put your time into figuring it out, you will get it (and it's super rewarding when you do!).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is my first online course i did through Coursera and it was amazing to learn basic of pythonI love Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good mix of theory and practice. You are also building on top of previous lessons, so it gives good feeling of continuity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful to first-time learners of the language! Thankful for the clear explanations and the pacing of the course. It really is difficult to learn a foreign language but with guides like these, the experience becomes more motivating and engaging!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course, just felt little weak the last module about deep learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course... It takes it to next level..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course to start playing with programming ! Dr. Chuck you rock :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helpfull lectures and good assingments for learning the fundamentals of GIS.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course makes you learn:a) when you have to use Simple Past or Present Perfect;b) punctuationc) how to write in clear way.There are problems with IT platform: video often stops suddenly and sometimes it is difficult to understand where you are arrived in the course. Besides, sometimes you don't immediately understand what you have to do for passing to next step of the course.To sum up, the teacher is good. IT staff could do better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course, I have learned a considerable amount about Unity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Even though the professor talks in a monotone voice, I was so fascinated by the course content that I was able to overlook it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing But we really want some explanations in 3rd chapterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very great lecture , i love it , and i am trying to use it everyday, actually I recommend lots of my friends to learn this lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoy the course, now I have the argumentative essay structure in my mind. Thank you so much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It´s a very good course, based on the information you get about food and eating. The best i get from this course is that i got interested in cooking and adding more vegetables to my plate.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic, thank you so much Barbara and Terry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was a very valuable introduction to project planning & management and the terminology and techniques used. It also provided a good amount of information and was not dragged out over a long period of time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a course very helpful with wonderful instructorsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had heard a lot about this course. Coming from a background in programming, the material was well-structured and helpful in introducing ML concepts and very practical coursework. You won't forget that feeling after running your first number recognition program!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Insightful and provides a framework for design thinking - foreground a growth mindset while not neglecting disconfirming facts while experimenting!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's help me to improve my grammar and punctuation alot.. Thank you UCI & thank you coursera. :DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. You will not only learn how to use AngularJS but also how it works behind the scene. This just makes you understand the framework more thoroughly. I am surely gonna try other courses from this author.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting content, great stuff for every parent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Most Amazing Course that I have taken on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Goog Introduction to Internet of Things & Augmented Reality Emerging Technologies, I expected a little moreThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hour films are far too long for such essential informationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor is great and professional.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice method to teach the basics of bootstrap frameworks. I recommend this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course with brief, but usefull lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As the course has included movies to explain important concepts, it never gets boring. As a result a link is maintained throughout. It is a small course giving a great understanding about memory.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. One of the bests I've seen in Coursera in giving a deep content and trying to be clear. I would suggest a review of the texts givens. Sometimes the texts give some specific concept that wasn't discussed in previews classes. Having to search for it takes sometime. A Glossary for those would be very welcome.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has provided a great introduction to GIS. It was easy to follow the lectures and the assignments were really fun. In this course, although being on the introduction level, we have been provided with good explanations of how GIS works and why we, for instance, press a certain button and not another. The course has given me a better understanding of different GIS functions but also the abilty to think more independently about the logic behind these functions. I'm looking forward the next course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very usefull for finding more about data analytics for making faster and better decisions for business. Thank PWC for giving me this course, it will help me much for my career.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well structured course, with thoughtful and sensible quiz reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a very practical way of learning step-by-step this phantastic language and its environment. It also helps to learn some MatLab-way algorithmics. The serious and ironical at the same time style of Professor Fitzpatrick have made this course even more amusing for me. Challenging homeworks and accurate video explanations make this course great. I am looking forward you to make an advanced course and a Simulink one too if possible. Good work!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was very useful. I used what was taught and had my most organized year ever! ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for people who are passionate about Geography and Geology!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Objective course and well illustrated, many case examples. Excellent course and very well organized. Highly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing. Concise, well written course. Excellent video material, even better homework assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent overview of how marketing has changed as a result of the digital world. I highly recommend this course as a great update for any marketing professional who has not updated their skills to understand the powerful impact of digital tools on the marketing mix.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a highly insightful and relevant course for a marketing neophyte such as myself. Kudos to Professor Rindfleisch for explaining the subject matter with consummate perspicuity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There you can find a lot of easy, but powerful tools to change your learning behaviour just in a 4 weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well-structured course with great content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for introduction to functional programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a nice overview. I wish some topics were discussed more in-depth and with practical examples. Yet, in general it was a nice quick refresher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant formulated course with ample examples which makes the course really interesting! Recommended for first timers as well as refreshers!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really Good!!!!!! Thanks for your course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is hands-down one of the most interesting courses I've attended. There are plenty of ah-ha moments here for me and I feel much wiser and connected than I have ever before. I'm only half way through too!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is easy to follow. You could start virtually with no JavaScript experience and end with ability to build responsive JavaScript application. Information across modules is organized in a way that stimulates creativity - learner is not flooded with information about each and every aspect of the framework, while still given all the necessary tools to create rich application..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great for beginners in ML!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
These courses are packed full of very useful information! I love this series!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sometimes it was hard to understand the concept the professor was trying to make, because some grammatical forms were wrong and therefore the whole concept misleading. Otherwise very interesting course and thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love your learning approach! Perfect course! :-)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfectly done, dynamic, manageable, with sense of humor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a really creative course! I liked it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've struggled mightily in the past with attempts at learning a programming language from the ground up. Dr. Severance really did a fantastic job with his lectures. The pace is just right for someone who doesn't just start off as a natural. Looking forward to the next course! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me clear a lot of doubts as well as it introduced me to many useful things with their implementation. I must say this course is one of the best courses available on Coursera. Thanks to great instructors who helped me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Mechanics of Materials course series is a must for any engineer. The material is presented in a logical and straight forward manner with applications to the real world. Dr. Whiteman is truly a a great teaching Professor!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
gr8 course with basic detailsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to using techniques in previous course with online data.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great program. Well structured, with lots of additional resources that make for easier self-study. Videos are just the right length to provide the knowledge without being too long and too filled with details. All in all, this is an excellent 2nd course in my Ruby on Rails Web Development skills development.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course for beginning! Technical organization is very well. It would be great to have a continuationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
After completing this course, I have gained valuable insights in real life situations and be more aware in my own industry. This course would not only allow you to see the playing field but also to make carefully calculated decisions towards the best possible outcome.The tests are difficult and some are rather tricky. But hey, the situations we encounter in real life are far worse than these.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like a lot when in the tests you have to search in a graph, it really let you know where to search some informations and also to know how other countries are in that area or situation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A really good introduction to the course, well explained, good videos, I only wish I could have read the extra materials too. Only one complaint (very minor) - I live in Colombia and found a couple of references to Columbia in the materials. But overall super.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basics were taught but I wish it was more advanced to the point that I would feel comfortable doing data analysis in R on my own.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was really helpfull for understanding machine learning concepts and application.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to understand, and excellent filming. Great job on this one!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent for beginners looking to start with Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course have a very good examples, thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
if you love programming and python this coures is very useful for all lifeBest cousre i see you should take itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course provides good exposure to the problems in legged robotics.The course lists multiple references to the books and articles, reading which is necessary to make this course more useful. I wish some more time would be devoted to dynamic models, including kinetic and potential energy calculation of the SLIP and other models. But one can find this kind of information elsewhere, for example, at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhk9xLjrmi4 and http://ocw.mit.edu/2-003SCF11The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed discovering and testing the various option available to interface with the IOT platform.The explanations were clear and the assignment challenging but doable with the resources provided and some research.Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction for isolation precautions and cleaning strategies in Nursing Homes. Every healthcare worker should follow this course! Also for me it is very nice to see the difference between the American and Dutch strategies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A lot of the harder questions were unclear or not covered by the course. Many were passed onto "look this up yourself", which is fine, but sometimes a different approach resulted in a slightly different answer marked as wrong. The group_by stuff was especially tricky, as it was unlike its SQL counterpart and could have used a better example, eg with a function to split into quarters or group columns. Other than that, very interesting overall and very neat datasets. I would encourage having students check out kaggle.com for extra credit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have loved this adventure in Python! I thank everyone for sharing so much love. I definitely will recommend this to my friends and relatives :) KNOWLEDGE IS POWER! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enjoyed the course. Very informative. Though Prof. Barbara is an introvert herself, her advocating face to face interactions made me rethink possibilities in my daily routine for such an experiment. Hopefully my results will be as good as the science claims. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course pattern as well as contain. It gives you all introductory information about Financial Markets. I am sure that I have enough knowledge to trade in market.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well prepared, skilled instructorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good Course if you have the time to follow all the workshops and assignments, because they take quite a lot of time to complete, so allocate some extra time so you can learn properly, the good thing is that at the end you will have a solid understanding of SQL, Query’s and how to mine data for answers. Highly recommended for SQL starters.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! One sugestão I have is to teaching how to use FileResource,URLResource, DirectoryResource, Pixel, ImageResource, etc, without using the edu.duke, because in the real word we don’t use this library. I know this library can facilitate the coding, but when the students use another IDE, they will not can do the same coding as they used on course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
what a fun course on learning vanilla JS!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting with some greatThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very impressive for Andrew Ng. Thanks for Coursera's lessons to all over the world!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A lot of content to work through, but well worth it.An excellent professor, concepts were explained clearly, and the Programming assignments were just hard enough to be challenging, but not overwhelming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course does a great job at supplementing my University studies. Really high quality intro content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
little more information of the supporting programs that we are using should be provided.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You just must take this course!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course, real life experience contentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, the lab classes can be improved further.not easily comprehensiveThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helpful introduction to conflict resolution. I appreciated having the various categories and causes mapped out. It makes it easier to talk about conflict once you've internalized the terms of the categories: interpersonal/intergroup/intercultural, values/economic/power, etc. Looking forward to the next installment of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's been awesome so far!!! great work and material. Good way to teach too.Thanks a millionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very comprehensive and enlightening. The professor explained all the major points concerning terrorism. I would definitely recommend this course to my colleagues majoring in international affairs because it helps to understand the current state of the world from a different perspective.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent beginner level course in computer programming. Easily understood and well presented.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An fantastic introduction into machine learning!!! Informative and fun!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course also fed my artistic fantasy and allowed me to lose myself in knowledge. I'm still going over what I learned from this course in my head. I even create aside from this course. I don't want to stop and Professor AntherThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You will apply your Meteor.js Knowledge doing a nice project, something you love to do, or want to do for helping people.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well designed. The easy does it approach is very effective to focus on how the language works. With this method it is easier to learn Python than Ruby. I recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is awesome. It introduce the Zika virus, epidemiology, genetics, and public health. Very diverse with the main actors which re working in the Zika outbreak! Strongly recommend. I watch the material to be informed with less bias and still having a strong scientific opinion, the articles and topics to discuss are a great asset to valid your concepts. I strongly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an interesting and enjoyable course of well connected study units.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course. The instructors were engaging and fun. The repeated some important points effectively. The jokes and things were a bit silly but very memorable and fun. I would like the ability in the mobile app to be able to pre-download videos and to slightly speed up the playback speed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course, so helpful if you are in to Business.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction to Scala! Huge thanks to the teaching stuff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
so far, this course has benefited me beyond any expectations! I'm forever grateful for taking this course and I highly recommend it for everyoneThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although not as strong as the other palaeontology courses by the University of Alberta, the current courses takes much the same approach and uses the same teaching techniques as these other courses. As such, it easily and effectively gets the millions of years of early vertebrate evolution across clearly and concisely. The video lectures are both interactive and fun, and the course notes are both informative and well adjusted to the video lectures. If there is anything to be remarked upon, then it's the slight lack of depth as pertains to the material covered. This, however, is hardly surprising considering the highly complex material (drawing from fields as osteology, paleoecology, evolutionary and developmental biology, palaeontology and more), the speed at which it is discussed, and the level of accessibility that is provided. Overall, a very good course, and one I very much enjoyed following!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for very beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course !!!! describing efficient basic Algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best course in ML...Prof Carlos and Prof Fox are the best ....Would recommend for evryoneThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career.Please, take a look at my LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications.The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It really helps me review my diet. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course on Social Networks, and also a hard one even for graduate level. Generally assignments are not too tough but fully understanding all the concepts take lots of extra readings.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course ! Having Gary Burton as teacher is priceless.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the way everything was presented and taught. I learned a lot. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
That's a good startup to excite you about the coming courses!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is totally awesome! Statistical inference is critical in any science. Why collect data if we do not know what to infer from the data? Unfortunately, many disciplines use outdated or incorrect practices. This course provides an excellent review of state of the art approaches and provides students with many thought-proving opportunities to practice their inferential skills. As a professor of Psychology, I am not embarrassed to say that I learned lots from this course. The lectures, demos, and R scripts are useful tools that I will integrate in my teaching and my own research. Although the course topic is challenging, the course is organized well and does not drown students in technical terms. However, if you take this course, you better be serious and dedicated. The course is challenging, but the knowledge and skills gained are a rewarding experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, and the well chosen case examples like Threadless, Thingiverse and Local Motors brought alive and reinforced understanding of concepts like crowdsourcing, 3D printing and co-creationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course a great start for an specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Really enjoy the pace of the lessons and videos provided! Supplemental reading suggestions are added good reinforcement to the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, especially useful to learn the specific vocabulary and get insights into Financial Analysis. I found some topics could have been explained more thoroughly, for example regarding the evaluation of discount rates or number of time period (we have the criteria, but no example of a method). Previous accounting knowledge is a requirement in my view.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brings together a lot of the 'book' theory in a pretty comprehensive and comprehensible form, with playing examples individually and in ensemble. Having struggled with some of this material in the past, I found Dariusz explanations really helped me move my comprehension of this subject area along quite dramatically.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very important for every person to knowThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Worth every pennyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The first lesson was very good i will today and maybe tomorrow see the next lesson and i hope that it is also goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took this course 3 times as a student, and I absolutely loved it! The lectures are interesting, relevant, and entertaining. I'm grateful to be a CTA/Mentor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Because I did not purchased the course, I was not able to do the quizzes, however I learned something about the Blues.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved it. In-depth framework on how to formulate the theories of stratThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course , Amazing Proffesor. I enjoyed it a lot. Worth takingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a course that very single person has to take, in order to improve diet habits.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. 100% useful to teachers. My life has changed immensely after studying this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The videos were informative but i didn't feel like we used the concepts from the videos very frequently.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, lives up to the expectation!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite an introduction! Scott is nice and you can understand each concept well. My recommendation: use discussion forum to read more about the information in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course! Great teachers and very nice to see real-world applications in action. Would have rated 5 stars if an open source library like scikit-learn were used. Students can still use sklearn, but all the examples are using GraphLab Create, a great library, but you need a very expensive (at least for my budget) license to use it commercially.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Better than any other java course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course. It's challenging and helps you develop a great functional programming mindset. I remember those classes I attended several years ago when I was struggling with learning Java, compare with that bad experience I could learn Scala just in 4 weeks much obliged to you Dr. Odersky and your colleagues that make learning process to be a breeze. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good coverage of different supervised and unsupervised algorithms, and lots of practical insights around implementation. All the explanations provided helped to understand the concepts very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Professor !!! Many thanks for being so clear and passionateThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Prepares students for life and the following courses in the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great introduction to the field of epidemiology. The lectures are easy to follow and understand. I liked the examples, which also gave a good insight in studies and possible opportunities to apply the gained knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Introduction to the fundamental concepts of Data ScienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Useful course, very funny thanks to Charles :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
BEST & MOST INTERSTING COURSE I'VE TAKENThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Totally very helpful , I thank Barbara a lot , she is doing a really great job . Greetings from Kosova!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love this course, easy and interesting to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good. it would be great if our teacher suggests us some guide book or task book.tksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the teacher is amazing I wish he was the same one who teach us the rest of fullstack of webdevelopmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really excellent course. Great pacing with a really good book (did not watch the videos). The book is fantastic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to the specialization!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is great! Colleen made it really clear and easy to understand. To be honest, this is the first ever course that I have sticked around till the very end and successfully completed it. I would never expect that my first completed course is an HTML5 course. I loved the course and enjoyed it. I am going to continue learning web design with Colleen. Thank you Colleen for the awesome course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I very much enjoyed this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lots to learn, and it was presented in a very easy to follow format.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much for instructing Ana Pelayo.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course, with a good programation. I think that it was really importante for my carrer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was really good course, got to know lot of new things. I am glad that I took this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Engaging and stimulating, this course offers fresh perspectives on looking at the world. With captivating video lectures backed with interviews with world-class experts on subject matters, this course is a must for those interested in the intersection of Buddhism and modern psychology. A big thank you to Mr. Wright for putting all the material together. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great teacher!Congratulations, University of Michigan!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, simple and easy to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction that gives a high level view of financeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative course, very well organized, and very useful tools & strategies presented in the course. The presentations are a bit deadpan, and the assignments aren't overly helpful (only quizzes), but the content is good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Same as the 3 previous courses in this specialization, this one is also very informative. And the explanations are very clear.Only one thing I realize after these 4 courses -- exercises are all very simple, or rather, the difficult part of the exercises are already made, and we only need to add very simple part of the code. This way we don't get much practice. As a result, when i wanted to program something myself, i needed to search for references constantly. But probably the final project of the specialization is exactly there to cover the practicing part. Looking forward to it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Was clearly structured, contained great content, and constantly highlighted the key takeaways regarding the infrastructure of Smart Cities.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to understand, simple and effective.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr Chuck is AWESOME! He breaks Python down and makes it understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The classes are crystal clear. even a person without any computer knowledge can understand them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked the optional lectures with deeper explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course, but I'd like to have deeper information about HTML5 and more exercises for learning and practicing. Also, there's few info about hosting and managing your website. Hope i'll find it in sooner courses of this university.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction to this hugely important subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting course. I would have liked to have more on meditation but otherwise it was ok.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There wasn't a list of suggested Reading, but It is really motivating to make the difference in busThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great way of teaching, interesting, not boring at all. Usefull in the life of everyday.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a really practical and interesting course that I enjoyed. I would recommend it to anyone who is serious about learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course! I would recommend it to everybody!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked the course. I just wish it was more practice heavy and the lectures were broken up more and there were quizzes during the lectures to keep you engaged more and make it more interactive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think it is great to have such helpful websites.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course for beginner to know about rock history,looking forward to join the Part.2The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The project for this course, as with all in the specialization, really emphasized the learning. The peer review did, too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great job! I've really enjoyed this course and learned really helpfull things.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has been an integral part in my work promotion.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. God Bless UC Irvine!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very GoodIs excellent complement for my, because it is a new form for knowledge the gramatic and noun, pronoun of Managment Leadership.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you choose to follow this course, you will have to invest a lot of time. There are few videos, but you will go through a lot of exercises that will make you learn (or recall, like in my case) SQL in a very effective way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting to know about Data Scientist and the tools. Eagerly waiting to go through the next lessonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course and valuable material that is worth to learn .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love this study about different language learning approach! I learned a lot about ESL/EFL　history. Teacher is so funny. He'll be a good actor if he no longer want to work as a teacher^^The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great!!! I love this coThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very inspiring and motivating. It gave a lot of knowledge and I will go on with their coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the most challenging course I have ever took. And its also gave me lot of experience.Thank you very much, EVERYBODYThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course for the basics of PythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Comprehensive and practical. Very clear explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear. Concise. Practical. Well structured. Useful presentations. Nice pace.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Advantages of Functional programming clearly evident after attending this course and is much easier to follow compared to reading Books on FPThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative. This is obviously [now] an incredibly complicated and important issue.My personal preference would to have a bit more science science and a little less social science among the topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is practical, insperational and well organize. The material areThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had zero experience and I wanted to break into programming in the worst way. This course not only made me feel like it was possible, but it also made me excited to continue learning. !!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am learning a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Great presentations and well structured! Would've been nice to get some answers from the professional on the discussion board...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very great course, the lectures were interactive, very fast and straight to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Along this course, I discovered the importance of the introspection, how can you discover your strengths to improve them, and your weaknesses to work on them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course, with amazingly interesting contents and really useful teaching lessons. Highly recommended, non only from a professional point of view, also for the day to day life out of the office.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for students who need to polish their English or refresh some grammar and punctuation. I'm a teacher of ESL, and I got new sources to explain punctuation, conjunctions and tenses to my students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this course was worth taking an I thoroughly enjoyed through every bit of the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The topics are covered perfectly in such a way that every learner can digest the content by spending some time on them. After that, learners can able to learn most of the basics of OOP. The homeworks are also well designed and helpful. Thanks to the creators of this course and the instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course. Good balance between being comprehensive and holding interest. The assignments are also appropriate and comlkement the course well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Facinating study of a period that was relatively unknown. The information and insight gained makes the reading of the Biblical books more understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Yet again, professor Michael Mannino presents a very well prepared course that achieves optimal results in limited time. in this course, he ties everything together from the first two courses and gives good practice with real world requirements.just putting these courses on my CV helped me to get my first job with Data Warehouses. and then i found myself well prepared for the challenges of my new job. THANK YOU!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is brilliant.The lectures are full of information, but they're also funny, engaging and always enjoyable. And there are loads of them (25 hrs?), so this feels like quite a thorough introduction to calculus.Some of the exercises are pretty tough for a newcomer like me, but the answers are always thoroughly explained. The lack of a hard time limit is very welcome because it gives you time to take in new ideas at your own pace, without rushing you through assignments or tests.What's more, it's all free. Hats off!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was fun doing this course and at the same time was quite informative. The small things matters most is what you realise and long time back Mahatma Gandhi has said most of the things especially the economic and ecological aspects of our food consumption and habits and has predicted the difficulties we would face. JC Kumarappa on Economy of Permanence is a good read in this regard. Excellent presentation and even a kid will watch it with great interest.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've been through several courses over the past year, some really good, some pretty poor, both here and on Edx, but this one has really no match to find. I would recommend this to anyone, and especially to those planning on creating a MOOC, as this one is really a state of the art :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very useful for my learning in the feature.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great stuff. Lots of applicable perspectives and ideas not just to entrepreneurship, but daily interactions as well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very helpful. I hope she there are more learning chinese course not for beginner, for higher leverThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a good course although I wished it used more strategic techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a wonderful course. Covers all the basic concepts of OOP and provides the knowledge to develop an interesting and interactive application.The instructors have a student friendly teaching technique .This has helped me a lot. Thanks to the staff of UCSD and coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great structure & lots of useful info!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Is the first MOOC I finish! And I have been enrolled to quite a few!I take strategies for studying that I'm already applying.I can't mark the five stars, although I've clicked on them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Definitely useful to get a start in the data science streamThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, but it is not "advanced strategy".The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good overview, though sometimes hard to follow if you're a complete newbieThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Assignments were too easy, and were really "fed" to us. Also, I liked better the setting in the previous course where Dr. Chuck was in his office and we always saw his screen.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am really interesting in this course. Thanks for Stanford UniversityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
too few programming assignments :-(The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well made and understandable, with a lot of examples.Really help me learn and I learned a lot from it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
love it. the best everThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is an awsome coursethank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Programming makes sense to me now.The course material is well thought out and progresses in a way that allows for full understanding of how the language works. I have tried learning Python, C++, and Java from other sources; this is the first time I feel I have been successful. I want't to learn more!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
ONLY ONE WORD: WONDERFUL !!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a fantastic course. It has greatly kindled my interest in cryptography, and I look forward to learning more on the subject from Prof Dan Boneh.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a very good course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun and filled with Brilliance!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has been a wonderful resource about learning and I feel it has equipped me with many efficient tools of learning such as The Pomodoro technique, the importance of sleep, the importance of subconscious mind and the diffused mode of thinking and various ways of grasping the material and retaining it in our long term memory such as recall, testing, and spaced repetition and all of this has only made me a better learner. So I am really grateful to Coursera for giving us the opportunity to learn, and to our instructors, Barbara Oakley and Terry Sejnowski for dedicating their time and compiling such an amazing course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful! Lots of examples to get the best idea of how to organize yourself.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
my first course, and i liked !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course!!Requiring almost no background, this course offers me an opportunity to be acquainted with the basic ideas in the field of Neuroeconomics.Besides, it also has many applications in our daily life. It's both insightful in academic research and practical in life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the course quite useful. It was my first but not last step to join the machine learning world. Course's scope makes me feel now i'm familiar with lots of concepts of ML research space. It was also easily understandable, and also not hard to deal with even for some specific lessons that required a bit attention.Overall, i'm happy to take this course as my first step to machine learning and i advise it to everyone who wants to improve himself/herself or start a new career path on ML.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
v good and I learn v easyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an introduction to PE. How it works? The basic framework of starting a PE.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! The course content is very good and the length is appropriated.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me a lot to better understand the financial markets , and the different assets in which we can invest. The presentation was simple and clear in most of the modules. Maybe more examples and detailed description needed in company evaluation especially for students with moderate mathematical background. The module of Bonds needs -in my opinion - reconstruction so that we can read and understand the changes in Bonds' prices we find in the economical websites and newspapers. Anyway, the course is motivating to know more & extend our knowledge. Thanks a lot to all the professors and lecturers who prepared that course. Special thanks to Dr. Michelle and Dr. Ines for their attractive and simple approach. I recommend this course to all interested in investment management either for themselves or for professional purposes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course into a totally new concept. Explains in great depth, the myriad opportunities Design Thinking brings for all of usKudos to the Team of Design ThinkingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Literally for "Everybody"... Starts right from the very basics. If you are used to one or more programming languages, you can finish it off in a few hours..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course for beginners to learn MLThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am a pharmacist and I'm recommending pharmacists too to enroll in this course. Yes, it is true that I myself am into reviewing the Nutritional Values of every item I shop and often compare one against another brand. But this course changed my mind. Thank you Maya for sharing this. Mothers, wives, and health care practitioners must do this firstly and make themselves healthy first before making a difference to another's health. Have a great day!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course offers a broad, honest and critical view on the production and evaluation of RCTs. It is a useful introduction to the theme, although a small background may be required for full exploitation of its resources. I would highly recommend it for any student or professional in health care - being you directly involved with research or not.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well structured and well paced.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was really a great journey to learn Business Writing Skills ! This course did add a lot to my Tool Box for the Writing, Editing & Proof Reading for Good Business Memo. I would like to recommend this course to all those, who want to be a good writer for the Business.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great. Specially weeks 4 and 5.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The videos are short, very visual, and straight to the point. I loved the instructor's positive attitude and the way she presented information. I recommend taking this class for every mommy who wishes her child to be in good health!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a wonderfully developed overview of music therapy. The instructors were knowledgeable and their interviews engaging to watch. The plethora of information between the videos, writings and articles were second to none. Well done! Clearly a lot of effort on the part of the instructors. My only difficulty was that for the final assignment, I had so many things running through my head that I had to narrow down and focus what I wanted to present. I could have written a dozen different scenarios with all the information I gathered from this course. It was well worth my time and money for the certificate. I would love to take a followup course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basics of psychology, very friendly and nice professor. A good introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite basic and clear for JAVA beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was really elaborate and resourceful. I have already recommended my colleagues to do this course. I am planning to enroll myself into the next course of the Project Management - Budgeting and Scheduling Projects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well-balanced staff and selection of lecturers. A proper provision of the tools necessary to understand and practice the material. A very enjoyable and diverse course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good teacher, objective approach, interesting, informative and enough material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great course that teaches the fundamentals. great exercises. I would recommend this as a first course before starting anything else that uses pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course to start learning Python collections. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome..... The lectures are very helpful to the students or gis learners who wants to do some on-line, especially the final project was awesome... i really enjoyed and learned much more things...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought the course was good - but I think the final case study could have been more specific. I reviewed a lot of colleagues and the quality greatly varied though most got the answers correct since it was a quite general question.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very accessible to beginners. A fair overview of the main algorithms and a lot of advice on how to deal with actual systems and real life applications. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It would be very, very beneficial if maybe one or two more videos were added to dive in-depth into ADTs and their method callback run-time analysis. Aside from that this class was educational and interesting as expected.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helpful for the newcomer of implantologyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good resource to learn Philosohpy of Cognitive SciencesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, funny, intelligent and very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very well put together. easy to fit into my schedule, short videos make it easy to dive in and pace yourself.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a great introduction into the three main technologies of the internet. The lectures are understandable and insightful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
one of the most enjoyable course ever!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and well presented.Why questions are so much more important than what.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with great amount of knowledge ... thanks to all who made this happen ..special thanks to professor Charles he really has a great way of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic Course! I am a lifelong learner with little time. I took this course to learn the best methods to becoming a better student and learner. If you are time crunched, take this class!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course, from an exceptional professor! The instructor is very explanatory and uses several examples to make sure that the course's concepts are understood. I only had a very small background on Finance before taking this course, yet I managed to grasp all that was tought very well!On a special note, I also loved the accompanied course material provided. It is comprised of a few chapter samples from two of the professor's books and it has a very engaging and easy-to-understand writing style!I reassure you that this is one of the best courses on the subject that Coursera has to offer and I would be very excited if it had a follow-up course in the future!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think its a straightforward course thus being effective. It talks about the mindshift needed and the tools available. It also brings several good examples. I also like Professor Liedtka enthusiasm and holistic vision.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Un curso impresionante, inclusive para quienes (como yo) tienen experiencia previa en cursos de nivel universitario en aprendizaje automático. El profesor es extraordinario, y las clases son excelentemente llevadas adelante por el profesor, quien es un GURU en la materia. Absolutamente recomendado.--An impressive course, including for those who (like me) had previous experience with University level courses regarding machine learning. The teacher is extraordinary, and the classes are excellently taught by the teacher, who is a GURU in this topic. Absolutelly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well prepared course. Like to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A comprehensive course that provides deep insight into how to thematically view art. The course also taught me how to make connections between various artworks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class!! Highly recommended! Thx AndrewThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
What a great course! thanks Andrew!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simply yet informing and conciseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Amazing opportunity to be taught by G. Hinton, probably the world leading academic in this area.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting, innovator, completly recommended. If you like microbes and are interested on the latest research of microbiome you should take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was a great course. Mr. Chuck, knows how to teach quality material to the masses. i would only suggest that on the programming assignments, it would be best if the instructor doesn't write half of the code. one reason is that having some of the code written would make that student think that the piece of code provided must be a part of the whole code. and as i worked on the programming assignments i realized that much of the code provided wasn't needed, in fact it took me longer than necessary to solve the assignments because i kept using the code provided, and upon solving the assignment none of the code that was provided was a part of the code i wrote. ....on to the next course. Data Structure.thank you coursera and UM.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great project, very hands onThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course.Great content, tasks and learning environment.It helped me to rediscover my love for creating music and how well suited Ableton is to my way of working.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and great way to learn the basics of marketing of the new ear.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course , Phenomenal exposure to Contemporary Debates and theories !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, provides with an interesting explanation/metaphores of how your brain works and gives useful tips how to enhance your learning process and avoid common mistakes. Thanks a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty good course. Starts from very beginning of ML. Maybe there are too little of maths here (I needed to check and recap some chapters of algebra), but all presented concepts are reviewed very clear. Assignments are also very good and code from them is useful not only for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course. I realice that I was learning in the wrong way and it's very helpful to know how your brain works. Thank you for the tips and exercices that will help me to be an expert in the art of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple, Fast way you experience pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've done this course before. It is one of the best course I've ever done in my life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice introductory course to learning, which fills an important gap in education. I would have personally liked a little more rigour to the assignments and material, but the current level is, I suppose, targeted to participants of all kinds, which is fair.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks to everyone involved with the design and creation of this course.This course added a lot to my knowledge, I hope to meet them again.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As an expecting mother, this course was just what I was looking for! Thank you, Miss Maya & family. And thank you for making this available to me, Stanford School of MediThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course VERY helpful. The way Andrew teaches the machine learning concepts is unparalleled! The course is well structured, well-timed, and well presented. I also appreciate the practical experience that I came away with by doing the Octave exercises. Because I was engaged, I think I have retained at least 90% of what was taught. Thank you Andrew and the forum moderators. Thank you to other students for sharing their insights as well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In the assignment of week2 , the Algorithm was not made clear.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, the professor Shiller is very kind in his way of teaching, and I learned a lot about the financial markets, I hope in the future I can expand my knowledge about this area.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, I've learned new ways to be a leader and how to manage change in business.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It really helps! And not only for the beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very excellent course. I have learnt a lot of learning skills and English from the class. The course is very interesting and plentiful, I even can't stop listening to the lessons ob by one. What's more, I have been unconsciously using the learning skills to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor is really really nice!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is great, finally that line in my resume is not a lie) I wish we went through this course on coursera back then in my university instead of SQL lessons that we had.I really apreciated the realistic setup for practice and rather big number of given exercises - very usefull for digestion of information. And by the way Jana is the best lecturer among all the ones I've seen on Coursera, very live, open, enthusiastic and giving information with structure and to the point. Thank you, it was a pleasure.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, fast and easy to getCould be enhanced by a few practical examples where the formulas presented could make more senseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course to big data!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Very informative yet I finished the course with so many new many questions that only a deeper study would answer! Kudos to all involved!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
EXCELLENT COURSE THE BEST BLUES COURSE. I RECOMMEND THIS COURSE FOR STUDENTS ADVANCED AND BEGINNERS.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course extremely!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
one of the greatest course i have ever studied , really great instructor , he knows how to force the knowledge inside your headThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional course. Thanks Andrew and all the staff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this course is very useful and have helped to improve my organization skills.Thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very informational course. Gives a good overview of the concept. Only if they add recent developments and updates on infectious diseases like Zika and Ebola, it would be great.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Course! Great introduction about time management tools, tips, and best practices. Could be better with more realistic examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
so useful and interesting! Thanks for teaching me!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very helpful, especially before you start to learn other course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Too good....actually I am 14 and I have a great interest in Physics...I really fell in love with this course...The explanation, experiments are really appreciable..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is missing content but it is still very interesting to work on the exercises provided.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Finished it in 7 days because it was so interesting. Registered last Thursday, finished today.It was a great course, the first three weeks was the most enjoyable. I personally think week 5 was the most strenuous, but cruised through it nevertheless.Week 3, 4, and 6 were easy.Great course. Would recommend. Sadly, there aren't many courses covering the same topic on a deeper level on the internet.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course! Thanks for it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I will take all the 5 coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great course.The topics were well understood and the techniques used to make the games are providing a good basis for further game dev learning (in unity)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good class. The discussion format with the group chatting was a little tedious even though the information was interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I came here curious about the chain rule (in connection with computing gradients for neural networks back-propagation) and to brush up calculus so I could help my high schooler kid. I ended up relearning lots of old skills as well as some techniques that I didn't remember (or didn't learn well enough back in high school). Prof Fowler is very engaging and a great teacher. I found his attempts to prove the same idea from multiple viewpoints very interesting. The self-paced setup of the course is also quite helpful, and the mandatory exercises at the end of each section help to reinforce the material. So great course and a great implementation!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fabulous and interesting course which not only clears our doubts regarding wireless communication technologies but also helps us to improve the fundamentals of the era of communication.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the course useful as an overview into the process of design thinking. The content was delivered in an engaging manner and the examples and case studies were memorable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course!Angrew Ng is a great scientist and teacher .I love himThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well presented, wonderful insight into the world of the ancient Greeks. I learnt a lot, and it has whetted my appetite for more. I really loved this course, and enjoyed it very much indeedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great and Engaging videos , Just enough time is given to assimilate the course content . Love the exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course. Very clear lectures with good real world examples. Highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well explained. Plenty of learning material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
While to introductory, yet very good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Going in detail and things are explained thoroughly, stuffed with fun :) . Yes, you will really understand what i have meant on taking this course :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really helpful. I wish I had this course at school/university.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I missed more pratical exercises about it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I keep learning a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was great, I really like it ....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very nice , thanks to Andrew NG !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Peer-Grading assignment is not completely fair. Depending on them is not logical since not all of them are fully educated in this course that's the reason we're taking the course in the first place. but over all it is good and the proff is amazing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much!! I not only enjoyed it but also learnt a lot! Again, thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introductory course .. well explainedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolute must when starting in machine learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A bit tough, but really worth the effort.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to understand and great for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great course because I like a good challenge; it was way more difficult than I had previously anticipated. The course shined a light on some things that I normally wouldn't give much thought to, and as someone who currently holds a position at a company that is in the F&B industry, it was quite inspiring, to say the least.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am 54 years old and, although impossible to have taken it when I studied my career back in the 80's, I regret not have taken it before. First thing I will do now is tell my kids to take it. Thanks a LOT.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's a great course for people who want to learn easily the base of this program!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Really helped me to achieve a better understanding of the music theory and how the basics of composition Works.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very informative to a healthcare giver like me. This helped me to understand what Ebola is all about.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was good, as per the introductory partThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding Theoretical concepts were explained clearly. Examples and numerical questions beautifully supplemented the theory into practical use. They were neither too difficult nor too easy- a perfect balance.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great starter for me. I have very little experience with Data Science, especially the practical work. This provided the foundation I was looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked it. They were good to explaining the material. They should off course but stil.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was smooth and was taught in a simple way that learner didn't need lots of background in other fields. I enjoyed it and will listen to it more times.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was very interesting. It gave me many things to think about as I prepare to become a teacher. I liked the different articles and I now have different ways to think about teaching and learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the course pretty engaging. I enjoy studying it and also feel encouraged to do some further study. However, the topics that are taught are not very holistic to me compared to some other basic psychology courses. Anyway, it's still a nice course to take :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am Wondering Before I Don't know how to Implement Recommendation Features and Suggest Products On Home Page as Much Targeting the User We Have done Lots of Effort and Design More Complex Database tables and Structure but i but we did not Mining The Correct Data as per Users Views and Choice Thanks To This Course it Help me more and more in Redefining my Programming Technique and Think To Move through the Artificial Neural Networks and NLP For Getting More Relevant Search dataset collection For Targeting More and more users and thank to you also Coursera team and Respected Prof. Andrew ng He is Delivering an very Nice Tutorial Session and Bunch of Assignments which is actual relevant and Genuine Example which are Understandable to any new student who Join this course and Thank you for this course forum moderator also they are really nice .Thank YouSaurabh KashyapThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just excellent, really help me understand and teach to other the fundamentals of graphic designThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a really good and interesting course, but is a little bit complicated if you are not familiarized with this topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant overview. Many thanks to the teachers for designing such a comprehensive overview. This course must be followed by all the others in the specialization for best understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is explicit and easy to understand.And the programming assignment is greatThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was very well taught, I very much enjoyed taking this course and I appreciate producers efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful courses for introducing such productive tools under Python to access web data!Thanks to Dr Chuck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent introductory course on Early Vertebrate Evolution!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course I've ever seenThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Rather interesting. Challenged my perception of what photography is and could be.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked the first three weeks of this course from Amy. The content was excellent. Amy has a very detailed, thorough teaching style. Very easy to listen to.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very clear and in a simple language explains and describes best tools to improve time management.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course. And as I'm a woman couch, babywearing and breastfeeding consultant and a mother of three sons I'd like to prepare similar lecture and to present it in a our club for pregnant women "Expectating a Miracle".The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good, succint , well presented and informative courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is a very good attempt to assist in building correct sentences in English. I fThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course, learnt a lot. It would have been great if the slides were provided too and addition of discussion forums would also help to cultivate what we have learnt better by exchanging views with fellow classmates. Thanks very much for providing the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well-designed, well-delivered course. I strongly recommend it to any student who wants to improve their study skills and/or any faculty member interested in learning how to help their students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome Course, basics that get you up and running, probably have to buy a book to continue but at least you now know where to start from.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I highly recommend this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved taking this course. The instructor was fun to watch and she seems really nice, I wish I could meet her and her darling children. I learned a lot and I am happy that I was able to take the course at my own pace.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good high level overview for someone considering entrepreneurship or trying to map out what skills they need to prioritize. If you're already in the game -- skip it, too basic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is amazing for people without any knowledge on HTML,CSS or JS.Even if you do have it, it helps understanding some basic stuff regarding each one.If you moved from basic JS to Angular.JS i suggest you take this course to understand how the DOM structure work because it could be very important for to understand how people used to write JS programs and on what Angular.JS is based.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course. I knew virtually nothing about machine learning prior to doing this course, and now I feel I have a good understanding of the various models and their underlying assumptions, applications and limitations. Prof. Andrew Ng is a superb teacher - a leader in his field who is prepared to take the time to carefully and patiently explain the ML concepts in detail but with an eye to their practical application. I am most grateful to him and his team for taking the time to put together such a wonderful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a course worth taking.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is very good but needs some more explanation and supportive materials other than videos to get more knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing insights on how the new world of digital is evolvingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In my subjective opinion there were a lot of time spended to explain some simple thing that probably could be easier to learn just doing more examples. Anyway it is very interesting and it seems you can teach us much more so I am waiting for the future courses. Thank's and see you soon!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good expose of the background the the financial crisis and great to have the insider's view as to how it was handledThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Introductory course for JavaScript.!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A beautiful course for robotics beginners. Videos are mostly conceptual yet superficial while programming assignments give a feel for the technicalities involved.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
By mistake wrote the wrong name for instructor. I wrote Dr. Chuck instead of Dr. Charles Severance. Please correct that in previous comment/review. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course and I have learned a lot from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice content and well organised.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great tools to use in real life! Good depth over the different strategies for budgeting and scheduling projects. This course reminded me of why I am taking this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck has explained python in a very simple way to learn and pratice. Thanks Dr. Chuck for unmass, organize a way to teache python ina such easy way of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course consists of many beneficial suggestions. If you apply them in your life, most probably you'll allocate your time more efficiently and more purposefully.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good. Only things I wish were better is more comments in some assignments and more prepared tests. Also I miss not having "Statement of Accomplishment" like some other Scala courses :-(.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best Machine Learning CoursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thought provoking course and very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very insightful course.I learnt a great deal.The Professor is very articulate.I would highly recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Every comment seems like it must be stretched, compliments abound, but there is a difference spreading with ModPo at its helm. where pedagogy is swerved and learning served to be expansive in inclusive crowds cultivating better ways to make words work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good. But still, I think we need the feedback of the professor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot about Urban Management. I already loved the topic and during the course I liked to see what I studied in my city. I will write the final exam statement about the study of my city as soon as I can. Thank to the professor and to the EPFL for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was extremely helpful in getting started with Python. Professor Charles made it even more interesting with his style of teaching. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics of programming with Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing so far ! Went ahead and bought a thick book to study more about the subject :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Maital brings to us amazing insights about creativity based both on research and real cases.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Okay, the course has too many extra things not required.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course teaches sound and effective techniques master any subject in any area. It also debunks some common preconceived notions about learning. Overall an awesome course to take. Happy Learning to all.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is amazing one. Take it if you want to learn jazz improvisationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Information provided is very useful the teaching styles are easy to accommodate. The breadth of understanding is great to cover a vast realm of subjects all across the globe. While at the same time the depth of information is just enough to build a desire to learn more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
im very benefitted by this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
[ESP] Excelente curso!! Abarca interesantes hechos sobre el cerebro y conceptos del proceso de aprendizaje. Adicionalmente (y no menos importante) el curso ofrece valiosos consejos del día a día para ser exitoso en el Aprendizaje (y en la Vida en general).Lo recomiendo para personas de todas las edades y/o intereses (estudiantes, profesionales, etc).[ENG] Excellent course!! It covers interesting brain facts and learning process concepts. In addition (and not less important) it gives you valuable day-by-day tips for being succesful in Learning (and Life in general).I would recommend it for people of all ages and/or interests (students, professionals, etc).Thanks to Dr. Barbara Oakley, Dr. Terrence Sejnowski and all the people that made this course possible!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
simple but helpful，very like the professer!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Cryo-EM for biologists that covers all the basics in a clear and concise manner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I always wanted to revisit my university course of Calculus. This course was the best refreshment I could have. All the lessons were great: limits, derivatives, integrals...Special thanks to Jim Fowler for the passion he puts when explaining the lessonsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the way of introduction is quit helpful to see speaker and lectureThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very helpful course, understanding the definition of terrorism, but also understand what are differences between terrorism and counterterrorism and what it takes to prevent them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, wide scale application, highly recommend.Also :-clear presentation-no technical issues with quizzes or content issuesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, it was really a pleasure to study it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course. The concepts are common and basic but the projects are fun and useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course as a refresher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
interested for how working in Marketing Filed .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for calculus introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course to learn the basics of pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is one of the best courses for begginner game developers who want to learn Unity3D as well as basic C#. The course content is well prepared and is taught step by step by the instructor. The assignments given at the end of each week are very educatory.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well described course and it helps me to improve my understanding on disaster preparedness.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The individual course topics were evenly distributed and presented in a meticulous, thorough, as well as elaborate manner. The lecturer was inviting and encouraging, whereas the technical specifications of the video lectures and quizzes were exceptionally good. In overall, the ''Addicted Brain'' course positively predisposes me towards opting for more courses provided and sponsored by the Emory University.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was well presented and used great instructional design. It provided a good overview of various teaching approaches.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course. Teachers are amazing. There are a lot of great ideas and techniques that will be very helpfull in my further education. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well explained. Very interesting and usefull exercises. Thank you very much for the effort!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful, Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for starting MLThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Grate course , with grate Teacher. It's a unique opportunityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, very complete and insightfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for those people that start in the art of writing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Always wanted to be a softawe developper, this course is very informative for the beginners. Many thanks to teachers of this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
liked the course and the lady teaching - very pleasant!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks für the team of the course. I have learnt a lot about Securing Digital Democracy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect to get hands on with python programming for data science purposes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provides each learner the tool kit to learn subjects that are at times daunting.Rather than offering platitudes the suggestions are based on sound research.They tap the capacities of the brain after understanding how our brains function.Having that insight has helped me from getting frustrated when the material is hard to master.The sections on chunking, memory and procrastination has been of invaluable help.A deep bow to the creators of the course and to course era.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Science of the Solar System is well worth taking and I would highly recommend it to anyone who has an interest in astronomy. Professor Brown is a wonderful teacher; he presents the course lectures in a style that promotes understanding, explaining facts carefully and fluently, often with a touch of humour. The guest lecturers also present their contributions in a focused and enjoyable manner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well structured course, with very nice contents. Needs revision for a lot of easy spottable errors, better lecture slides and better explanations. The last module also needs a complete revision because it has errors and it is really not well explained (beside the subject is relatively simple).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Johns Hopkins University shows how versatile teaching institutions needs to be these days, delivering an extremely well prepared online course. Having Professor Yaakov Chaiking on the driving seat, was certainly a wise choice, as he is a great communicator, able to keep the audience interest up to the very last lesson.I was looking for an introductory course on HTML and CSS, which is amazingly covered during the first three weeks of the course. Javascript was a plus, a highly useful one.This was a great learning experience, and a fun one too! Hats off to Professor Yaakov Chaiking for such a great performance!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful course. Content and structure of the course will improve our view on data.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've learnt a lot from the course. Very useful and terrifically interestion.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course for its clear structure and straightforward content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great lessons and great teacher.Loved it all the way to the Part IIThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed the lectures, and the overall focus on understanding the information, not such rigidity in structure of class, testing, time limits. This seems to be a better innovative freedom based way of learning that I seem to learn better within.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's useful for scholar writing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck presents python in an easy to understand yet informative manner. I highlt recommend all of his Python courses to anyone interested in learning Python. I am starting my third.....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The only content I had access to were lectures, but I still want to say that I really liked this course. And I'm looking forward to another courses of this specialization.I'm a music student with bachelor's degree in Computer Science and dozens of coursera certificates (from the times they were free), I'm curious about everything.I used to say that I'll learn to paint when I retire :) But it turned out that I can do pretty good photos without having to wait until retirement. It's not the same thing, of course, but it's a visual art.This course and "Cameras, Exposure, and Photography" teached me a lot and brought so much joy into my life.I'm not planning to make money as a photographer, but I'm happy to have an opportunity to create better and better photographs.Thank you, Prof. Glendinning and Prof. Sullivan. And thanks to everyone who helped to create this course.My photos can be found here, in case you're curious: https://www.flickr.com/photos/140271759@N03/Most of them are made with my old cheap digital camera, only a few with a new DSLR. I would never have the courage and motivation to buy it without your courses. Thanks again for all the happiness photography brings into my life :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course with simple waysThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found it to be a good starter course for the field, requiring no previous knowledge of the subject. Some of the matter, though, was overly repetitive, and the closed captions are very inaccurate.Overall, I recommend this course as a basic insight into the field, the material is interesting and well-structured and it was fun to learn about this one specific aspect of neuroscience in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's nicely designed, but it would be great if the course designers have their input in evaluating our projects and most importantly updating the material to the latest swift version as this is the whole purpose of why one would register in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the most thought provoking and important course any student could take. It is fundamental to almost all humanities and (especially) law. I give the highest possible recommendation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simply awesome. Appreciating the great effort by Andrew NG and his team on rolling out such a wonderful course, for free..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course. Not very hard, but informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very comprehensive and eye opening. Concrete historical information but also very theoretical.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a fantastic course with a fantastic premise. I look at the Buddha more as a scientist than a philosopher and hence it is very interesting for me to know similarities between Buddhist thought and psychology. Also the interviews of Buddhist monks that are intercut with the lectures are lovable!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course! It's perfect for the beginning journalists or people wishing to gain new qualifications. Although 15-years education, my English got improved by a new (mainly journalistic) vocabulary I hadn't known before. The biggest advantage is the fact, this course doesn't include only lectures and quizzes, but also practical exercises of creative writing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good teaching methods. Convenient for starting to get to know GIS software and sharing your map data.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I strongly recommend, this courser is very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was a nice attempt to get child and parents to enjoy, how to prepare to eatThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fun and really perfect course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a fantastic course! The professor is the best I have had yet; he makes concepts very clear and easy to learn, and he is constantly encouraging you as a student. He seems to really care about the quality of this course and the teaching that students receive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content and teacher. 100% recommended, clarity and accurate information is the constant in these courses. Again, outstanding teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This Course is simply awesome!Cutting edge insights into the data industry ,along with real time problems faced by the experts.You cannot go wrong with this one, HIT ENROLL NOW!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was my first experience with online courses and I was really surprised by how much I learned. This gives a great practical introduction to machine learning, and left me wanting to dive deeper into the material. I've already begun to explore the various machine learning R packages that are out there.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful. I've learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course to learn business basics like taxes, positions that are helpful for starting a business, also about stocks, bonds or else. I really recommend this course for people who is not aware of business or they are at a basic level so they can have a bigger and simple picture of what involves.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting class, i would strongly recommend this to beginner.Like it very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is awesome, I considered myself to be a good student, and during this course I learnt that I was a good student because I had discovered various techniques that are taught in this course, I didn't know I knew them and that they were the responsibles for my good grades. I also discovered new techniques that I didn't know, and with them I can now become an excellent student and learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is really a great journey to take this class. Prof. Ng's lucid explanation of the complicated machine learning theory and technology is impressive, absorbing and productive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For non financial profissional like me, this course gave me plenty of ideas about financial concepts that you help follow any kind of financial discussion in my company.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course, it opened a new perspective on statistics for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent lecturer, provided great insight into the world I live in.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is Cool Course, Main ML concepts are described very well. Thank you AndrewThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great to start with Ableton, even i start with some youtube tutorial, this course really works for me cause i can see some errors i did.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is well taughted in a very organized and clear way. The last case exercise is really helpful! I really learned a lot. Great thanks to Gorge!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You will have to make a Scratch account (free) for this course.Areti is a very clear instructor that explained concepts very well for complete beginners into programming, like myself and I found the course insightful.1) Presentation - I couldn't help but wonder whether they had a lower target age (teenagers or younger) in mind, which was entertaining at some points but also distracting at other times. // Also, I only realized halfway through the course that it is in fact possible to see what Areti is doing on the Scratch program once the quality of the video is adjusted.2) Projects/Time Commitment - Going through the lectures and quizzes are not time consuming at all, but the projects (especially the final project) takes a lot of time. It took longer than expected because I felt like much of the practical instructions on how to use Scratch for specific purposes were not provided during the course, leaving me to work by myself.3) Discussion Forum - When I took the course, the discussion forum was close to being dead (especially compared to some of the other courses that I was taking simultaneously on Coursera). Gerry (mentor) did an amazing job responding to my inquiry, but I noticed that although there were a lot of students talking at the beginning, introducing themselves, there weren't that many discussions concerning the final assignment, making me feel like I was working alone. It would be great if there was more time to work on the final project, and perhaps a way in which students can collaborate and help out others when faced with a bug (ie preliminary project submission and feedback session).I recommend taking this course, but realistically, you won't be program proficient after 5 weeks. You will, however, learn some basic programming theory, understand how programming works, and learn how to make a fun interactive game on Scratch!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another excellent course by Dr.Chuck. Very well-organised and very well taught. The assignments were fun to work and the bonus content was awesome too!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well balanced course for introductory one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to learn the basics of nowdays music business.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It gives the basic of the basic of HTML5. I would recommend to either merge this course with other courses that have more about web stuff or to add some JS stuff to the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! I particularly enjoyed the programming assignments, which where nicely putting into practice what had previously been discussed in the videos. I really recommend to anybody interested in Machine Learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is really good and worth the timeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course and instructorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very great course, including so much details.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The most awesome course I have ever joined.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really like the professor, all the material given, and of course the topic. It's a very interesting course and I love that the professor provides names of important authors in the field, books, films and also schools specialized in studies on terrorism and counterterrorism. I started considering counterterrorism as a career path after my Law degree, we will see how the course will go, but so far (week threem, about to start week four) so good!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was very educational. Maya was great at explaining healthy foods and ingredients that her own family uses at home. I was incorporating her suggestions while taking this course. I'm working to include less processed foods and more fresh fruits and veggies in my families diet. I even started to make fruit/veg smoothies for my 8 year old daughter instead of buying her the 100 % juice I bought in the store as a way to provide her with more vegetables in her diet as well as less processed food. Great course! I will be looking for more courses to take that include Maya and her wonderful children.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It enables me to have a wholesome understanding of literacy teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Covers good fundamental concepts of PE and VC. Teaches both qualitative and quantitative skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introduction to games without chance.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr Severance is really an amazing teacher - he conveys rather complicated information in an easy to digest format. Also, what a bad ass for dedicating so much of his personal time for a free class. So very much appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dear Sir or Madam!For me it was a great introduction into the Fashion and Luxury Business. It was challenging, interesting, and also very informative.Thank you very much!Best regards,Florian Josef ReheisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very good for basic learning, I practice much of my basics due to this course which I forget.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i have b.a in accounting from an Egyptian university and i found in this course all i neededThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Julia and programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course indeed, can recommend it to anyone interested in mobile developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have loved this course. It is the perfect mix between nutrition, recipes and usefull tips for a better eating. I am so happy and I have learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Not very smooth transition in 4-th week from one lecturer to another.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty straightforward. A bit more interesting than the first course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Should be followed by every people who say is a programmerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course ... learnt a lot and was not bored .. the amount of things to learn is just right. The assignments are fun.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was beyond my expectations. The course material was presented very well. The difficulty of the coursework was balanced perfectly: never too easy but never discouraging. Practical application and live online marking ensured that the content was thoroughly understood.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have just finished the course. The course professor has used real life cases to link up with the course material which helps students to connect well with the concepts being used. Very useful for those who are getting into project management but have not done any specific certification around project management.In fact, I would recommend this course to all those getting into jobs as a bit of project managements does impact all of us even if we are not driving any project. Knowledge about project managements basics will enable us to contribute better towards successful completion of projects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
inp = raw_input("What do you think of the course?")while True:if inp == "Chuck_is_amazing": breakif len (inp) < 1 : breakelse:"You_do_not_understand_why_this_is_a_good_course!": breakprint "inp"The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course involving "experiential" learning!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you very much it was very gratifying, excellent for all kind of profesionists.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course, it has helped me how best to manage my studying techniques. Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Awesome teacher, interesting material, and manageable projects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect for a complete beginner in the field.. well explained, well-paced and interesting with practical assignments... learned a lot from this course... thank you, professor Ian Harris..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very important cycle help me in my university in the field of human rightsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I highly recommend this free online course to anyone who has struggle with learning and concentration. The lecture videos are quite simple, engaging, informative, and provides a lot of interesting examples to keep you hooked.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction to machine learning. The only issue I have is quality of video materials which is rather low mostly due to bad mic used.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed learning this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course, it helps me a lot . Thank you :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! Well- structured and extremely interesting. Dr. Shane Dixon is the most impressive instructor I have ever seen. I envy students who have a chance to attend his live lectures at Arizona State University. Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in TESOL!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'd like all the information and the presentation, but actually I think it is need an actualization to comprehend the new problems that are appearing in the EU.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm still using the techniques a year after finishing the course, changed my life for the better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is pretty hard, even for someone like me, who has been working in parallel computing for years. The reason is the structure of the course and the presentation of the material. The topics are somewhat chaotic and in many cases it is hard to tell whether a certain operator comes from the Scala standard library or is just an abstraction.All in all, finishing the course is a rewarding experience. But beware, there is a significant gap between the foundation courses taught by Martin Odersky and this one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am enjoying this course.Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. A must do for those busy professionals who want to know what machine learning is all about, but like to be introduced to it in bite sizes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It gives a scientific vision of dog's intelligence and their relationship with humans.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting content that introduces many common fraud schemes and warning signs that may help prevent or detect the fraudulent act. Additional real life frauds were incorporated into the lessons which was one of my favorite parts. Wonderful teachers and a class that encompasses accounting concepts, forensic and investigative skills, and curious minds. Highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class was really helpful, and my photography benefitted from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course on introductory computer programming! The video lectures are clear, concise, and well-produced. Quizzes and assignments integrate and reinforce learning objectives well, while still adding new challenges. The fact that Instructor Areti Manataki is gorgeous, very articulate and knowledgeable, and enthusiastic is an added bonus!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love this instructor. His approach is extremely lucid and easy to follow. I am also taking the Python classes offered here by U of Michigan, and the instructor of those courses doesn't have the same natural facility for communicating.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is so good that it should be required before high school and then again before college. I would even love to have a modified version for elementary students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Could listen to Steve talk about his precious casserole all day. This course changed my view on casseroles. 11/10!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really helped to create an understanding of my instrument and music in generalThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good overall beginner course but definitely for the beginners. Only the last week may be interesting to people that already know a bit about HTML and CSS, as the JavaScript part at the end has some interesting assignments; like hiding an image in another image.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course of website development with many examples...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It'a good introduction to product management, but still it remains too basicThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course! IVery practical and straightforward,we dive to Ml right away.Amazing instractors and very funny.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well structured for absolute beginners. Delivered in details without being too slow. and FREE :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course taught in an interesting and engaging way. Quite high level; I'm looking forward to diving deeper in to the subject int he upcoming courses. A few places where the assignments felt a little tedious.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice introductory course, this is purely for beginners and not for expertise.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enlightening! Bring together all previous courses, feel now i am ready to try solving some real life Data Science problems. Great course. Thank you JHU teamThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have watched all the video and like the course very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great entry level course to TableauThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enjoyed this course and I can't wait to try the lessons with my class this year.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really enjoying the course, good information presented well and access to excellent reading materialsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course to start with. I think this course is good for beginnerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course, went from knowing absolutely nothing to knowing a few useful things. i liked Chuck; the way he teaches as well as his sense of humour.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was awesome course. Charles is super professional and entertaining. But I think It can be better with a little bit more complicated assignment problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesomessst Course,,,,Impressive Coding Assignment, Had a nice learning experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. i have learnt a lot from this course and the instructor is very cooperative. looking forward to do the next courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, complete, and well thought-out course. Enjoyed every lesson and task. Gives you an excellent overview of what a computer essentially is. 5 stars!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Coursera will change the world, make the education more flat to everybody in the world who are eager to knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very thorough course that I really enjoyed and learned a lot from.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introductory course. I felt the wording of some of the quiz questions to be uneccessarily ambigous.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is just a great course. I recommend it to everyone!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, easy to follow. Exams are well designed and offer a good training. Videos can sometimes be a bit boring to watch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course, would definitely recommend it! Learned new things to refine and introduce into my own style.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It has a lot of useful information, the course is short, but filled up with theory, and excellent practice examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provides an overview that enables significant understanding of the wireless world built around the person. One suggestion, the number of acronyms could be reduced or be presented in a simplified way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great! I have really learned a lot by attending this course. Hope to see the AngularJS 2 or React course anytime soon :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course for anyone who wants a good overview of the Republic of Korea and it's political history.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for learning the very basics of Python. The class was well organized and easy to understand. I liked the exercises. They were a bit challenging in the end. My only negative thing to say is that I hope they are able to update the time it takes to grade assignments on the server. I can't wait to take the next course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Understanding of machine learning made so easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this course was extremely informative, productive and thought provoking. Professor Barbara also sparked my interest to gain more knowledge about Positive Psychology, and I am considering following Professor Barbara's researches and books as well. ツ Thank you Professor for making that awesome course so interesting! You are awesomely awesome ღThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very inspiring course confirming the conclusions made on basis of my own life experience. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provides me opportunity to teach my kids in effective way that is proved to be in line with research on learning second language. I rate it the best course in this regard and would like to say special thanks to Dr Shane Dixon and all his team. I felt my teaching skills are improved after completing this course but there is still space for improvement in final assessment, in my opinion, there should be a thorough understanding for the participants of the course on how this final assessment could be beneficial for them. However the overall impact can be expressed in a big Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Unforgetable method of teaching, in this course we are not studying we are learning automatically. It is like a method & topic & way of teaching that automatically involved the people. And at the end you understand completely.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great, I learned many useful and interesting things.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Professor!!! Not the same old boring history course! Prof. Zelikow really digs into history and poses the fundamental question "Why?"The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Franz Wohlgezogen delivers this course with excellence and precision, as well as making it interesting and interactive. He is an engaging and charismatic teacher and seems to be able to cater to several learning styles. The content, delivery and layout of materials is such that the student is well supported through to success.I highly recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is very best course to learn basic things of Satellite communication. I really enjoyed lot. The way syllabus is framed that is awesome. Thank u so much for Coursera and experts from Institut Mines-Telecom.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Still pursuing this course, but what I like is... This lecture gave real problem & solution sample.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am learning a lot through the assignments! make it more difficult next time so that people start exploring a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best course I have ever opted for, It has drastic impact on my learning ability. The instructors have done their job perfectly by explaining every single concept with appropriate examples and description.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good one and nice way to learn!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I feel inspired and empowered. Excited to learn, and continued learning for years to come!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's really good for begin the python programmerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course, and it has become the standard by which I judge other courses. This one is engaging from the start, well organised, extremely well taught, informative and inspiring. Thankyou so much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You need to be working in a specific discipline to do each line item on a spreadsheet for detailed estimating. Here several ways of estimating are presented from budget to detail. Also Lean philosophy is incorporated. Owner cost protection and project specification, with respect to cost and ROI are addressed.In short if you are already an engineer, then these concepts are job applicable Right A Way (RAW).If you are learning, then this is also the right place to start. It may open a new door for your next job.You can list this achievement to your CV/Resume.I recommend you take all 4 parts of the Construction Management program thru Coursera, course work created by Columbia University.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding course with a phenomenal lecturer! The subject was so interesting that it got me watching some of the lectures again!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Early days yet but I've seen enough to realise it is interesting, intense, funny, persuasive, stimulating and creative. Thank you Douglas.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent and a very interesting course. I have found slides extremely helpful and the subject is well explaineThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was great it refreshed what I already knew and taught me more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice and eye-opening class. Jena presented very well. I have learnt a lot from this class. Thank you Jena!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent curriculum and staff. Assignments are productive and lectures are informativeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
More coding exercises, as optional for example, would be nice. Otherwise good course and guide videos.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introductory class for time managementThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class with an interesting hands-on activity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
was too slow for me to followThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think the difficulty of the course and progress is very suitable for beginners, you can see very attentively when producing, I looked up some information in learning, think that teacher is very clear. So this course I'm very satisfied, very happy!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent intro on Digital marketing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I was really an honor to have certification under KAIST and professor Bowon Kim, it was really a great experience to have this certification under your guidance. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class, thank you so much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting, diverse and deals with compex subjects. Highly enjoyable!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to regression models. Pretty clearThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course with solid background information touching on the fundamentals of US dairy farming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent and engaging course, exactly as advertised. Some minor scheduling issues with the tests being out of phase with the lecture materials. Many thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent course. I would recommend it to all.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course which explains Ruby well. If you have familiarity with any other programming language it shouldn't be too hard.Could, however, use more exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good foundation class for cybersecurity knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course made a very complex topic very digestible. Thank you Andrew and Coursera :DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really Awesome course to take a Start in Game Designing. Very easy English and Visual effect with Character in teaching really increase understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice course but at the end everything was just thrown at you to figure out on your ownThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
First course on Coursera I completed all the way. Excellent instructors and very valuable advice. Anyone can benefit from this course, no matter their age, profession, or interests.Learning about how your mind works was the most valuable thing I gained from this course. It added meaning and context to all the learning techniques that were explained, so that everything made sense. This is also a very well researched course. All the information presented is backed up by numerous references to scientific papers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course gave me important insights about competition and decision making in different scenarios. Going through the weeks, the course provided me levers to make better decisions and understand better some strategic moves we see everyday in our company.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really appreciate the way lectures are being organized and conducted. Bravo!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course for learning SQL - the tutorials, materials and exercises provided are very well thought and structured. The staff put lot of effort and thinking into this one. I like the whole specialization and I can recommend taking it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love the content of the course, I would like to see the teacher Oakley more happy about herself, she does a tremendous work and she does not project that.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Happy to learn how to learn. It is very helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Not hard but many new stuff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, challenging in terms of testing your ability to solve programming problems using data structures like arraylist, hashset and hashmap. Using problems from basic cryptography keeps you motivated to complete the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course and it made me to realize the best investment resultsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content and very enlightening.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best for this Groving population situationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction to Machine Learning with the right balance between Theory (Maths) & PracticeWhat could have been even more awesome: Use R for assignments, An Overview of the other main ML Algorithms (decision trees, rules...) and a Summary of conditions where to use or not each category of algorithmBig thanks Andrew!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great teaching. The code walk-throughs for the final few lessons were quite intense compared to the tempo throughout the rest of the course, although multiple viewings are encouraged.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this very interesting and easily adaptable to the Visible Thinking exercises I currently use with the 9th and 10th grade English classes. Thank you for your insights.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course , very much informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would do it again, even if there was no tutor support in discussion forums it teaches the arguments very good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course! I noticed some of the instructions are out of date (e.g. there are examples of where to go on the website, but the website format has changed). I wish I understood more of what sbt and the IDE were doing behind the scenes. It seems like there is a lot of structure built into making the assignments function properly and I would like to better understand how to make my own project with similar level of complexity / capabilities.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, perfectly interlinking theory and practice of statistic decision making.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was great, though the final exam was a little too much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A clear and lean approach of this period. Well done UV!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wow, so enlightening! I recommended it to everyone I know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course in the specialization thus far. Very rich and wide ranging, perfect for the motivated part-time learner who wants to be challenged and have ample reason to revisit the material. I only wish this course had been longer, perhaps shortening the classification course to make room.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great beginners course. Now I need to find the next step to keep learning!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructors breaks every concept into easily comprehensible bits, so the next time you resume learning you build off a firm understanding. Great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course specially for senior level executives who get caught in the usual rut of EBITDA/Profitability and Stock AnalystsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Valuable tips about teaching and learning!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this is really best course on courseera, teacher is just amazing, he is explaining very clearly and with good humorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course teaches a very useful life skillThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good basic HTML 5 course. It needs to be followed up by additional courses but you will get the syntax used in any modern HTML document.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interactive lecture, with good breakdown to the core of the knowledge area, but also with a look on the big picture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great basic information. Really enjoyed the section on why to buy organic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pr Raj is the most happy man I have ever met! Very helpful course with many positive information to ennhance our hapiness!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well structured course. Real world examples help you to think about how a problem can be addressed using various machine learning techniques. I really enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really useful materials presented in understandable way. Great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was excellent! The material was scaffolded very well, and gave me a very good overview of TBLT, the teaching of reading, and how to create tasks for reading courses. I appreciated the mix of video, readings, interviews, and optional readings. This is the best MOOC I have ever taken, one of the very few MOOCs that I have ever completed, and I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about TBLT, teaching reading, or being a better second/foreign language teacher in general.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice, interesting course. I went through it with pleasure.But there is so little information, you can definitely give more :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple and good beginner course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content and well paced lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course extemely useful as start to learning how to create a website and understand the basics of HTML5.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
David Underwood's Graphic Design course instructs learners on the industry's best design practices. It is a great course for both the novice with an interest in graphic design as well as experts who want to brush up on their design vocabulary and techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course, which is very helpful to learn some difficult things. Thanks very much. The only problem is my English is too weak to follow the English subtitle, so I have to use Chinese subtitle. Anyway, the course teach me how to learn in a better way, I will introduce it to my students. Thanks again. BTW, it's my first course which is finished in Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although some technical difficulties with simulations, this course is more than interesting and I will definitely recommend it for those passionate about robotics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course, complete in terms of basic knowlegde in evolution, so very good for someone not very familiar with all the details on this subject. However, I was expecting more information on the teaching part, and especially I think most of the lectures on it should have been like the one in week 4.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For those who want more than just a hands on intro to neural networks this is the course for you. I've been through many resources that treat Neural Nets as a black box which, while being a fine intro, fails to give me the understanding required to do anything other than follow a tutorial. I feel like after this course I understand what's happening enough to start reading papers and thinking on my own.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introductory course. A bit dry with no interaction with other students (the forums were not popular and there were no peer-graded assignments).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course, as good as the others that gives the great Charles Severance!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learn a lot about Java and object oriented programming. I enjoyed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite easy to understand, the professors are active. Thank you for this class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course stuff. A little bit too fundamental for a programmer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My first online course and my favorite.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This corse is teaching me everything I need to know about Forensic Science!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a nice introduction to web development.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a good course for an introduction to HTML (some parts of HTML5). This course does not have details about HTML5 !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Bets the courses of Coursera designed by of Dr.Chuck :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It worth spend your time to study and repeat again and again. It is not only taught you how to be a professional but also told you how to be a man.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot of useful information in thThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is an excellent introduction to Python and moves through the material at an effective pace. The only recommendation I would provide is more exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am interested in RNA-seq data analysis and lecture 7 was superb. Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Having been a journalist 15 years ago and now planning a returnI have found the Coursera /Michigan State University classes to be very informative and a great refresher. I highly recommend this course and the specialization as a great way to centralize the journalistic skills you will need and use daily. I wish I'd had access to Coursera back when I first became a journalist!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
learn the basic and engineering conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course. Very beneficial and on point!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing way to deliver a valuable information and to build things in a best practice .Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is pretty fun. Also, despite the perhaps childlike impression one gets of the programming language Scratch, it still resembles other languages in logic and in prinsiple. Towards the end of the course, we saw the same few lines of code in Scratch and Python, and it showed their similarity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course but the assigment don't show the understanding of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Andrew Ng opens the Machine Learning world in an easy to understand way. Note - this course doesn't require any prerequisites, but understanding advanced mathematics (calculus) and programming languages is required to be successful. You may be able to learn these as you go or simply watch the videos and not "pass" the course, but I would spend some time practicing these skills before this course if you want the full experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very nicely organized courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course with basic Python concepts and exercises are details focused.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great introduction the English poetry. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well mounted course.For the majority of the topics explained, focused on techniques, not jut on theory.Good suplemental lectures listed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Short session need more handson excerciseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has provided me with the general basic knowledge I need in order to start an education on Dental Medicine. I highly recommend it for all those who are pursuing any Dental Medicine studies and also everyone who is concerned about their dental health and want to know more about the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great initiative to learning oil and gas field...more to come...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Learning and I would recommend the SwiThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was very helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful, dynamic and with a great teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very straightforward for a beginner. Videos were easy to follow, with clear instructions and expectations. Well done.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great course! Well put-together in terms of material, well made in terms of video quality (editing, etc.), and well laid out in terms of pacing. The homework assignments were fun and pushed you every week to change something about your simple paper game. A+The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
这门课非常适合入门，没有过多的数学推导。 但是有微积分和线性代数的基础是最好的。 Thank Andrew NG and other tutors!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Started a tad late but the class is great. We have a very good professor and his dialect is perfect.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm already in week 4 and the course has been great. the lecture videos are easy to follow and there's so much content available.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The setup and information provided and partnered with prompts is really helpful in aquiring greater skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such a wonderful course! It will help you walk through a challenging path to learn java.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Please, upload the next level of the course. It helped me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
ThankI'll study hard as a can!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I highly recommend this to anyone who has trouble with procrastination and with struggling to teach themselves. It does an amazing job of teaching you how your brain works and how to tackle tough subjects you never thought you could do.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, very nice field of research with a lot of space for innovation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative overview, excellent platformThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you to keep me committed to GIS. I started four weeks ago from scratch but now I feel confident with GIS and want to learn more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am highly indebted to Professor Charles and Coursera for the marvelous opportunity given to me to take part in this course. Professor Charles mode of teaching has really made the course interesting and simple to learn especially to those who has no prior knowledge of programming. I really recommend this to anyone who is interested in learning python programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well taught course.Could have been better if would have been taught using R or PythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant introduction to machine learning.Make me want to learn more and use it for actual competitions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course gives deeper understanding of how to overcome obstacles we might set for ourselves by limiting our capabilitiesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course, great learning opportunity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck demonstrates excellent teaching skills - botourse and didacticsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was great. The professor gave the lecture in a way that everyone can learning to program Python without any background about programming language skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Instructor does excellent job clearly explaining a number of important topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For those non technical coming to the subjeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely helpful. The video-based sessions were full of examples that made the learning simple yet effective. The examples are going to be of great help in preparing the training presentation for managers. Thank you once again.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful and the teacher taught in a easy understanding way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely well prepared, interesting material and great teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good for the beginners to programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
First experience got me hooked. I love coursera. This course, even though an introduction taught me a lot and showed me an error of my ways in everyday life. One question in the 3rd Quiz was very confusing to answer. But that's about it. I hope the rest of the specialization carries on forward in a similar maybe even better pattern.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well-structured, clear and very useful course. Strongly recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Not so good! There is much waterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Assignments were a little too easy, considering that students are expected to have taken the first two courses in the specialization. Otherwise, great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting and challenging, though the mentors were very quick to respond to queries! thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course with a great amount of detail.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Jong-Moon Chung is very good at teaching this class. Perfect rhythm and pace, useful and clear analogies. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course thoroughly! I love how playful the professors are in the videos. Makes learning fun!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting insights about how dogs think and what we perceive through their behavior. Taken purely for personal enrichment. Wish I'd had more time available to work with the lab material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is couse was great time for me, because you can see that new model of business not is only based in profts but you can to be responsible for change in your school, family, neighbors and job. So you can have in mind that the society is changeing and we need change too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course improved my writing skills in a tangible way - I will apply it both for my aspiration to become a writer as well as to express myself better at work. My main improvement is in structure and understanding more about editing process, getting rid of unnecessary part of the outcome.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It gave me a lot of new information about learning and not only. Information about procrastination and pomidorro technique was surprisingly interesting for me. Becase as a big procrastinator I thought that İ was born this way and cannot change anything.It is interesting to test the technique "start hard jump easy", because I always tried to finish easy task first in order to feel myself self confident and to finish as much item as possible quickly leaving lot of time for hard tasks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helps me a lot about how to learn science. Indeed it gives me confidence to believe that I could acquire complex knowledge if I want! Much appreciate for providing me this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great instructor. Clear and concise.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Right level of complexity for people who have knowledge of programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved It. Very Informative . As a beginner this course has sparked my interest in web dev.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved it. All content was new to me. Super useful. Best teacher ever.I reccommend it 100%!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I truly enjoyed this course and I learned a lot. I particularly liked the structure and setup. My suggestions for improvement would be to provide more background information and further reading on the subjects covered and to maybe have a handout that summarizes the most important concepts and key messages of each week.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, please create a small course for Children, it would be wonderful to make an easy course for children to teach them how to learn from their early stages.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Definitely learned a lot but the exercises could have been a bit more involved.It's also too easy to get away with submitting blank essays, but I suppose that's to the loss of the student.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So far good. I really like the "smaller detail without too much detail" approach. The RaspberryPi is easy to master given excellent support by the Pi Foundation but then there is little too much to access. This course kind of streamlines what one needs to know. I have been using the Pi since 2 months but already feeling more confident thanks to this course and I have just finished only Module 1.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with lots of useful informationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course and lucid teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Personally very fulfilling. Learnt all the basic stuff I needed to know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Coverage and good emphasis on important and valuable items. Innovative videos and learning modules.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's an excellent course, very useful, and the most important is that, it's easy to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Definitely my favourite course so far from whole RoR specialisation! For such a short time course is packed with everything you need and hints where to search for more knowledge. Oh, and instructor is such a nice and bubbly persona which makes the whole experience even more positive, I wish I had this kind of teachers at my uni back in the day!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed studying this course. The video lectures of Dr Gotto-Johns very interesting but at times he was too soft spoken; needing extraordinary attention to grasp its content. Also, found the course a bit dry and somewhat difficult. While some notes were provided, there is a need to do a proper study of the subject. A book was promised by the Profesdor which I look forward to receiving. Actually, for all courses, I feel it will be a great help to all students, particularly those who can not afford costly books, COURSERA offers free or substantially discounted books on the subject taught.I completed Memory related course UNDERSTANDING MEMORY: Explaining the Psychology of Memory through Movies 🎥. The professor who presented this course offered his book Memory and Movies at 30% discount and even provided link with Discount code. As I liked the course, I tried to purchase this book but I got a reply from MIT Press that either to discount scheme is over or has not started so they CAN NOT offer it.!!I was very disappointed 😔 that despite COURSERA being such a big and professional body, such gaffes takes place. You may please address this and then let me know if I can buy at a low price.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was the toughest of all the Data Science courses so far. Without the statistical inference book, the practical exercises and the swirls it would have been very challenging to pass the course. These were very valuable tools. The videos that are available when I couldn't get a practical exercise right, also helped me a lot.I majored in mathematical statistics 40 years ago, but have never used it in my whole career. But in my opinion this course explained the concepts much better than how it was done 40 years ago. Congratulations to everybody involved.I have learned so much and was really proud of myself when I passed this one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great time, I've learned a lot of new informations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course! I've learnt so much from it, gained some new perspectives and enjoyed all of the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked how concisely and precisely the concepts were introduced in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent experience going through the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and well structured course. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a fantastic course. I am looking forward to every other session.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
love the hands on approach. keeps you engaged with the overall environment and helps to give you more ideas for creating games.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I lost all my love of math while in college. This helped me take up interest in math again. I'm also using the material in this course to prepare for a masters in Mathematics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing! Taught me the basics so I can move on to anywhere I please when it comes to Artificial Intelligence.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and fun to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good information and great instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fantastic course that truly shows you the methods of effective study, backed by scientific research.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great experience!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic instructor and a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was good and practical.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course, I really recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely amazing. Every detail of this course has been done with the perfect combination of precision and beauty.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect for beginners, clear and fun lecturing, very focused assignments.One of the best lectureres I have ever had.Highly recommanded.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional course! I'm feeling lucky to discover this course, even i'm turning to 26 years old. But late seems better than never. Thank you so much to our 2 adorable profs for sharing their experiences.Highly recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I find this course quite interesting and with so useful concepts and tips I am adapting to my classes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is a very acedamic lessonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, but be prepared to do some non-trivial java programming as part of the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A classic course! Eager to do the next part.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think that this will help anyone that is trying to get into the Graphic Designing industry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Interesting & very well put together. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! As a professional cook (I run the kitchen for a church in Boerne, TX) I love being able to learn more about my chosen profession from the comfort of my home and being able to share that information with those who work with me as well as put it into practice in the real world. Thank you for providing this opportunity to those of us who cannot attend classes in person and for the wonderful videos and recipes you have provided.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course material, the coverage, and the articulation. You can reduce the pace a little bit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, thanks. Dr.Chuck is awesome :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was great. I found this course very informative and useful.In addition, it was well designed and the materials which have been used in this course are very useful.And a very special thanks to the teachers because of providing us with all the knowledge which we need to be able to face as a teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Could not take when I was studying at Stanford because of required and important core courses. Taking it now, and it is worth it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome course best course ive done on coursea so far :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
EXCELENT COURSE FOR STARTING PIANO AND MUSIC IN GENERALThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. Sad that it is at the same time as the Functional Programming Principles in Scala, which is clearly a pre-requisite.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very applicable and engaging assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For everyone involved in Public Health (and not only), complexity is obvious. Dealing with complexity is not! This highly pedagogical course offers all the necessary knowledge and tools to deal with it, while leaving behind the linear abstractive way of thinking. The lectures are analytical, highly informative, finely structured and well focused. Not boring even for a moment. I highly recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great information showed in a very easy way to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting content, practical exercises and well structured.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very thought provoking, a very useful course on mindfulness and expanding your viewsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its a great course. I am happy to learn more philosopy for my activity of professor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good and effective course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course by the ISB (Indian School of Business). Proud to be an Indian. Thanks to all those who helped in making this course.SantoshchandraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loving this course, I'm a big fan!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm glad to learn this course because I can understand well. I wish I can learn more about Session, Publish, Subscribe and etc. Anyway thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Very practical and challenging at the same time. It helps you to become focused and gives you tools to plan your life or what you want to do.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'd highly recommend this course to anyone starting out in Machine Learning, or to anyone in need of a comprehensive memory refreshment on topics covered in here.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must for every one who want to have more positivity in their life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
introduce XML and json with REST, nice for starter, if you expect more, read more related booksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this class really helpful in my job search. Especially in a time that I was starting to feel hopeless. Having a few guides for how to best market myself really helped me keep moving. (And I got a job!)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an excellent course and such a pleasure to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course, blending financial theory with the practical experience of confronting a major crisis. I chose this course to get a broad view of the Global Financial Crisis in preparation for further reading on the subject; I am very happy with my choice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really really enjoy the teaching. The professor explains concepts in a clear and concise fashion. The quizs are useful too in helping me consolidating and realising the gaps in my knowledge. Game theory is now one of my favourite themes in Economics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The videos are clear, easy to follow and with plenty of examples, great information and content. Lots of material and sources to read, actually in my case not enough time to read it. The teacher YaaKov is a great instructor, his assignments are written in great detail and very clear steps, so is easy to comprehend and execute. The teacher as well as the teaching staff always answer promptly and in depth your questions or comments in the forum. This is my second course with Yaakov Chaikin and I am very happy with this particular course and the great instructor and the extra resources he offers to learn .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class is a dope. Well organized, right on the point. with emphasize on the practical side and application and the industry. really well designed homework and tests. really makes you understand and get deep into the content.in fact, it was fun just to solve the homework problems. your brain can breath in fresh thoughts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very detailed and well covered topics. A very good course to introduce a budding IOT enthusiast.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and the team involved with it. I found it thought provoking, challenging and delightful. A well constructed, well thought out course with clear objectives. After 40 years on the path of Mindful living, this course came at just the right time for me. My deepest appreciation and respect to all involved in the creation, presentation and smooth running of this course. As a teacher and trainer I congratulate you on the creation of something that will change many lives. Keep up the good work and let's see some more of the same so we all keep growing in our knowing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good information for people starting companies and figuring out how to lead manage future employees. Some of the videos were cut off at the end and a word misspelled on the quiz. Other than that great job keep up the great work!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course! help a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to start my journey towards data sciencesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i've learned tons of new things. i would like to have more materials on the subject. could the staff attach some recommended readings? other courses? than you for making this course :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A nice course to introduce Bioconductor to studentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lots of great information, a good introduction to machine learning algorithms. I feel confident I can apply what I've learned to real problems and systems. Main complaint is I wish there were more programming exercises on applying ML algorithms to real problems and less on implementing the algorithms that in reality I'm probably going to just use from a library like scikit-learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, Dr. Ng is such a magnificent teacher, the way he explains the topics is splendid and he make them look easy even when they are not. Thank you so much for this course, for all your time and effort.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative. Although an introductory course, this program was full of teaching techniques and principals that every prospective and current teacher should acquire and implement in to their own lesson plan and style.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Videos were a little slow. I would prefer more slides and factual information to memorize and then videos as an option to hear opinion and real time experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent learning, excellent instructor - GREAT!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an amazing experience. Immediately I was able to utilize what I learned in every day practice. The lessons are broken down into easily consumable bits and you can follow at pretty much any pace.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Important information on copy rights, patents, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very usefully course for novices，little mathematical proof,more machine learning basic concepts and intelligible theories.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course. Be prepared though that some of the assignments take substantial time to prepare, interviewing others. Don't just assume that each 'week' in the course plan will take you a week to complete. It would be useful to have a bit of warning up front in the course overview about which weeks have assignments that require more time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is interesting and good for developer to learn python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a real pleasure to learn stuff this way!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome Teachings ...... I'm happy & exited to be student of this course !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was the best course of my lifeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for English starterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a perfect introductory course for those who really want to learn something about 3D-Printing. I loved it..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
beautifully taught :) thank you Sir. Also, if there were more assignments it would have been even better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I appreciate the work that went into it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course to build confidence in building a class from scratch.But, I expected more from this course. A few lectures could have been devoted to popular design patterns used in Graph problems maybe.One more assignment to actually make the students work on heuristics for solving NP-Hard problems would have been helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful course, an excellent introduction to the field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good explanation by the professor. I have learnt a lot from this.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely brilliant course. I have done a few courses on Coursera and this is the best so far. Michael Scharf is a great teacher and makes difficult topics easy to understand and the questions during the videos help you focus and show you which bits you should re-watch.Would definitely recommend this.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, interesting and challenging!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked it. Thank you teacher. It was very interesting to listen to and make a plan.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really helpful and well-structured. The Professor was very communicative!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good and easy to understand python programming ;)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The leaning tools presented in this course are really powerful, and the way Barbara present them is easy to grasp.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
so good !!! its very niceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was great for the most part. The material was more challenging than previous courses in the specialization and really helped me pull everything together and understand everything a bit better. I will say that I felt there was a huge gap between what was taught in the Neo4j course and the Neo4j assignment in the Capstone. I'd learned a lot from the assignment, but it took me loads of time and their were parts I still don't really understand. There are also a some broken hyperlinks to previous course material. I'd also like to see better support for a paid service. There is no interaction from a Coursera employee or course instructor in the forums at all. It would be nice to have someone to clarify some instruction or material that may not be clear at times.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course.It starts slowly and get to the basics, but assignments are sometimes quite challenging are require lot of time to figure out.I like the approach of the course, which does not throw at you some formula without further explanation, but rather provide plenty of examples to understand the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
complex concepts explained simply !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course will be very help for me in my masters track. Since I am doing master in this field so I want to study all the topic in more detail. Furthermore, the course is helpful for me in my career development.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. I've learnt lots of practical knowThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, useful, pinpoints and tackles the issues.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For a newbie coursera student, "Learning How to Learn" is a great experience to start; course's itself is a key feature for the coursera; showing how to study for the other courses within the coursera, and for the life-long journey of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Recommend it to anyone who would like to grow professionally.Thank you and very grateful to all the professors!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well understandable, solid course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Barbara Oakley explains everything so vividly and thoroughly that it stays in your mind for days afterward. I recommend this course to people of all ages. It's never too late to start learning how to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A pretty good course. The last week about foreign fighters didn't seem to flow as well as the other weeks (possibly because it was added later due to recent world developments).The course referenced many scholarly articles and sources, sometimes including those of the professor of the course. There is no shortage of scholarly reading material.However, some of the reading material came from websites that demanded registration after viewing the document the first time. This wasn't often, but there were a few (under 5 throughout the course) quiz questions that referenced these articles.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course in the world of Big Data at using google cloudThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great pace, all very useful materials. Only thing is I wish the instructor gave the excel data files that he uses to demonstrate with so that students can follow along.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent course, explained in an easy way, fully understandable!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course!Cons: too java oriented.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Highly informative and interesting to follow even at this early stage I'l currently working at...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
No words to describe Dr.Groh's amazing lectures. A Must do session for those people, who are not only interested in neuroscience, but had the curiosity to wonder about our brains contemplating our world and also contemplating itself contemplating the world!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting subject ! The course is very clear. Thanks a lot to Babara Oakley and Terry Sejnowski for setting up the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class. I'm very happy with my choice for a Specialization to take at Coursera. The instructor is not only very knowledgeable, but also explain some very complicated processes in a way that helps in the understanding of the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have taken HTML throughout the years with the goal of learning design and finally putting my own stamp on work I have been asked to do. I always left frustrated and doubting whether I would ever be able to do it. This has given me back some confidence that it is possible to learn. the instructor comes off friendly, clear and supportive. The materials really have me doing and seeing where my mistakes are and I really like that.Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course which will help you do your mathematical finance courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent! First time in Angular ; it was a very good course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you want to be an expert in SEO and work in the field this is the series of courses to lean the craft.When you complete this course you will be ready to put your skills to work!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing, it is worth taking if you want to improve on your writing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Highly recommended course to understand the basics of how computers works.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very interesting coarse and i feel like i have learned a lot from participating. if it s to be revised in any way kindly include a broader look into moving the business from an idea into a reality.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a really comprehensive course with very clear information. There are assignments which really make you think about how you care for your horse. I've completed horse care course before, which have been face to face classes but this has been the best one by far.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved every secondof this course, Prof.White is a truly professional and it`s been an honor to be his student even for a short period of time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I started this course straight after finishing IIPP1 and IIPP2 (both of which I loved). I had no coding experience before those two courses but managed to work hard and got through them so kept on straightaway with PoC1. This was a mistake on my part. For me, there was a quite a step up and early on I was getting out of my depth and actually in the end did not finish the course. In hindsight (and actually what I am doing down to re-enroll) I would go and gain much more experience of Classes (they play a major part, and I am thinking or writing all the games as classes that I built in IIPP) and work through the Math Preparation to prepare. I'm giving the course 4 stars because the material, the lectures and the learning is great but I found the amount I was expected to do each week was well beyond my expectations of an MOOC and more than the two modules before.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely insightful.And Sir Severance hats off to youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Explains most of the machine learning algorithms with simple math and intuition.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for angel investors and entrepreneurs to understand how private equity and venture capital works. It provides a sound introduction to this very exciting topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am SO glad I found this course online!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course especially for those who are new to the field and want to learn basics. Very well structured and organized.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It presents the students with a great head-start at web design and basics.. most needed kick start I think. It worked for me very well :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best courses in Coursera!Thank you)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, will need a lot of practiThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hello, I am glad that I am getting this course from one of the (Best) Author of Python Book. I am really happy with the contents & teaching style that made me so confident about coding in Python. Contents are helpful, discussion forum clarifies many doubts & the deep understanding of each module in this course make it a perfect choice for anyone to who even does not know 'A' of Python's Alphabet or of any coding language can start & learn to code. Good initiative by Author & Mentor. Please provide many such courses in near future so that we can learn best from Top University which is anyway not possible for students like us with financial problems! We learn many things from home & from Greatest University like in this case University of Michigan! Thanks for all work for making this course available online.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its a course to take, the learning material is easy to follow and understandThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course and great teachers! Thank you for the interesting and engaging tasks. Detailed explanations of each concept really helped to understand the topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course! Dr. Soren was engaging and informative. He's also actually worked on a lot of the archaeological sites discussed in this course, which gives a nice perspective. Look him up, he's made some impressive discoveries in his own right. particularly about the factors that led to the fall of the Roman Empire. And the cameo appearances by his dog, Lana, were always appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks to Professor Wu, I have a clear picture on the Machine Learning concepts. Hoping that Professor could provide other courses. Besides, the pdf. slides of this course is exquisite and they are easy for us to review the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course, which is highly accessible and informative! It is the must if you want to get acquainted with the basics of Python programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is good refresher as well as advanced to meet enterprise needs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting and structured well. I can't wait to hear about further developments in this field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best Course and the first course to be learned for every studentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot about entrepreneurship. It was easy to understand because they designed a great course for people who know basic English. This course is a good opportunity to improve English skills. I want to say thanks to everyone who are involve in the design, organization, plan, and more to teachers that shared their knowledge with us. Thanks to my classmates for review my assignments. Good course to invest your money.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This series of courses are great. The ones I've taken. Good Job!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very helpful for me to live an organized life.I understood how I was wasting a lot of time and this course is helping me to do more and more towards my professional and personal development and let me plan things smarter and made me avoid unnecessary stress or tension.Thank You!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good class! Assignments get progressively challenging - especially the final lessons but this is what I wanted. Plan on putting in extra time and getting sore fingers. The videos are some of the most professional productions I have seen!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course with excellent explanationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed this course. Lots of good information on how to identify fake news.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course content was clearly and concisely taught. The professor expounded on concepts and gave applicable examples. The only suggestion that I would give is to provide downloadable slides in pdf format for each lecture video.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, sometimes is a little hard, but is very helpful and have a lot of practical exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a fantastic introduction to Scala and functional programming in general!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good introductory course to Pandas. Teaching stuff was a big help and forums are very active and informative. Very good work. Area of improvement: The estimated timings of completion are too optimistic :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction to Machine Learning. The course is specifically suited for beginners. So If something you read or heard raised your interest in machine learning and wanted to learn it, this is the perfect introductory course for that. It was a pleasure to learn from Andrew Ng.The course uses Octave/Matlab for the programming exercises, but hopefully they will change it to python as it's better suited for beginners.Thank you Andrew and thank you to everyone who worked on this inspiring course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent !!! Its an easy course but I learnt a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very very good course. I also did the data science specialization of JHU. Difference is that the level of this course is much higher than DSC but the explanation is so good that you understand everything. Thank AndrewThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great tool for someone that it is going to work with kids or even mothers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course with a perfect distribution. Looking forward to the next levelThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A highly informative module giving you an overview of the scientific methods used in studying terrorism and counterterrorism.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've excitingly learned about form particle physics to cosmology in this course.I recommend this course for who want to get what universe in a nutshell.I believe that this course is a nice entry class of cosmology.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved to be a part of such an informative course.Learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's a very great course, if you want to learn some basic knowledge about nutrition and how to cook a balanced diet for your children, this is the best course you can get.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course gave me a great overview of GIS and in particular ArcGIS.Big thanks to our instructor Nick Santos, who he was excellent in explaining the conceptsand how the tool works!!I'd happily recommend this course to anyone interested in GIS.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you son much!!!!I really like the course.It help me in my job =)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to follow and informative class with clear explanations. A perfect way to ease into SEO!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and handy tips.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really good and helpful!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A relly good introduction to System Engineering.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. Based on a lot of research and evidence. It does indeed teaches you how to be happier.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is fitted for me who want to self study.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think it is a good class overall but the pace is fast and the resources that can help you is lacking. This will be good for someone who already kind of understands bioconductor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Barabara makes me very inspired to make micro-moments of loe a habit into my daily life! I work as Coach and Medium, so I definitly will use it in my work. My new way of life!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Who can't profit from scientific research on improving your learning? This course is the mother of all courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There is nothing have been more important than knowing how to learn, thank YOU ALL for great elite work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome course can't wait for the fist lesson!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am a fan of Dr. Jakoi, excellent course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative but the practice tests had some bugs in it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A little too basic in my point of view.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice course i loved itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was good and simpleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is really useful and helpful. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course with challenging assignments. However, the grader has some issues, for every assignment I had to spend more time trying to figure out how to make the grader accept my answers than actually solving the problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I just completed week one and can already say that this course is going to help me a lot! I work as a Healthcare Quality Manager and one of my challenges is always how do I get people engaged and excited about the rules, regulations and standards that I'm trying to enforce. The course is very specific as to how to build high-performing teams and the pace is such that it's not overwhelming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good, can we have mini project as well, so that we have more hands-on to R?The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course for those who want to learn from the very basics and know the roots of web designing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a challenging into to Ableton Live. It is well worth the time for even experienced producers who are new to Ableton Live. I first got Ableton Live in November 2015. It is now January 2016 and I feel like I have come a long way thanks to this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course covered exceedingly relevant topics to help health system participants wrap their minds around the changes taking place with value based payments and care coordination. I hope that with time some of the rough edges with the lectures and quiz questions get ironed out. I would absolutely look forward to an advanced version around interoperability and more in depth analytics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked everything about this course except the unavailability of answers to the quiz questions. I think that once when someone passes the test, he/she should be able to view the answers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a very important part of data analysis. I especially found the case study in week 4 to be of tremendous interest highlighting the real world applications.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career ( https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications.The course was excellent and the classes well taught by the Teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and TeachersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course teaches quite a lot of basic things of Python programming. It's quite helpful for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding teaching. Great content. Very well designed. Excellent tools. Thank you very much for this.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Actionable takeaways you can implement in your class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course; the presenters' English is a little difficult to understand at times but nothing too incomprehensible.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this information has helped me a lot. First, it made me reconsider planning in a more holistic, meaningful way, from objectives to assessment: secondly, I now see assessment not just as a way of grading, but of learning about needs: finally, it stirred my interest in the rubric theory, and I am sure it is making my life easier, and my students will benefit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learning how to create a tidy Data set was one of the perks in this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Theory is great but recorded messy sometimes. I looks like it was recorded for something else and then adapted for this course. And I would like to have some more explanation not important topic like Monads, etcI also would like to have more practice on each of important topic to really fit it in your mindThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was really helpful and i enjoy it a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good content in the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Bootstrap and LESS. Assignments are practical and build on each other.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would like to give you the High Marks .This Course is properly arranged and it includes most of the needed factors student like us specially a student from Sri Lanka ,This is really good.And would like to guaranty this course to my friends.Macy!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Introduction to Spreadsheets and Models provides very useful tools in learning how to think with numbers. I highly recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course!Very easy to follow, and the notes were really good! I believe that this course delivers critical knowledge to any Business Analyst, Product Manager and Product Development Manager.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The video lectures are particularly clear and with a good balance between intuition and details.The assignments are interesting and they require some time even if they are not the most challenging.Nice the choice to use Graphlab but to give detailed instructions also for Pandas and leaving the possibility open to use different software.I will certainly take the following ones.If you are not interested in the the full specialization and already have some exposure to python notebooks, it is possible to follow this course without the previous one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to follow, good content and comprehensive explanationsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course, very interesting. I've learned a great deal about the history of rock music and it gave me a new understanding of some of its aspects.Thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding course! I am a museum docent and found strategies presented extremely successful for museum teaching..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As usual, the team of the Teach English Now! managed to squeeze a few years of university into one course - dense, but easily digestible. Lots of fun guaranteed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A nice introductory course, short but with a lot of stuff covered, good for busy people. I only miss some jquery introduction. Thanks professor David Rossiter.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was appropriately challenging and a sound use of my time. My goals for it were unusual, and it has satisfied them. I feel very strongly that most students should take it in sequence with the other courses in this group and will benefit greatly from it and from completing the entire sequence.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an excellent introduction to HTML5, and I liked the emphasis on accessibility.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It would be very useful for teachers, teacher-trainers etc. They must go for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. exercise and assignment are carefully designed to reiterate the concept. Practical tools are like LESS/SASS are covered. The approach to have students help grade each other homework is very good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was concise and precise. I like it, thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a wonderful experience! thank you!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course and great opportunity to hear great lectures..Thank you Stanford university and Professors..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course as an introduction to machine learning. All concepts are very clear to understand and homework assignments are good to reinforce learning material. I'm only missing guidance in how I can apply machine learning in Python, for example, since the course is only in octave. Other than that, great and recommended course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There are some good tips and I do recommend to take this course for FREE. I think its too overpriced for what you end up getting from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you very much, too!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Machine LearningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class, very interesting assignments, a lot to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course. I got a lot out of it and I look forward to completing the program. Thank you, Valerie!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. The course progresses from simple to complex learning methods.I found Dr.Oakley's candid declaration of her anxieties with Math and Sciencegave me tremendous amount of encouragement to pursue my studies in Mathand Science. I am already sharing my knowledge from this course with others.Thanks to Dr.Oakley and her team.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course I managed to pick up a few vocabularyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. very rich information and quiality teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a good start to learn web design from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very useful course, I found lots of new and important staff to learn and can implement them all within my day-to-day tasks.I am expecting a huge difference after participation of this course into my statistical skills, thanks for the organizers of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good level of depth and clear explanation with a lot of good examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The most clearly explained MOOC I've participated until now.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a little bit tougher and tedious than the first one within the specialization. This is due to the contents themselves, which are basic and a bit boring. However, they are quite important since are the building blocks for future tools and apps to be developed using Python. Luckily, Dr. Chuck makes it quite easy and bearable, as always. So it is not difficult at all to complete the course (Dr Chuck rules!). So, you should have already signed up for the course. Came on, you are running late!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. Andrew Ng is a great professor who has the ability to make a complicated subject very simpleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Impressive with proper video content , i enjoy this course !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
one of the best Moocs I have ever taken.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is pretty elementary. However very helpful for someone starting from scratchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm so glad Leiden University is working with Coursera. Such a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very compelling and easy to follow (this coming from a Liberal Arts major).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I missed more interaction with lecturers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very informative course that directly applies to many present-day environmental issues. If you're someone who has a passion for the environment and wants a better understanding of the underlying statutes framing these issues, take the course! It is heavily focused on United States law, but the basic concepts are universal.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good and clear courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A comprehensive specialization for advanced business strategy.Very professional course from a world class university.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very engaging teacher, smart subject matter, well doneThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is well designed and well deployed. The objective is to prepare the learner for the HSK exams. Pay attention to every lecture all the dialogues and build a course specific vocabulary/phrase notebook. Listen to every possible source of spoken Mandarin language that you can so you'll be prepared for the voices you'll hear in the course final. Pay attention to the format and layout of each 'practice' quiz that's going to be your orientation for the course final and the HSK exam. I'm going to improve my final grade score and then move on to the next sections of this certification course...James.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great taster of this subject, I loved it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pioneering online course in Electron Microscopy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very good. Also, the teacher is very good and eloquent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great material, it is amazing that lectures by one of the most influential people in the neural network for machine learning community are freely available for everyone.The course could benefit from additional topics that appeared over the last 1-2 years (GANs for instance). There was a number of problems with quizes like missing parts of question descriptions, missing images or broken links.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to the world of Macroeconomics with rundown on real world principles.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! I'm a city person who knew next to nothing about horses, who moved across the street from a rural horse farm. I made friends with every horse, but didn't know what sort of care they require. Now I know the basics of their care, and know where to go to find out more. Dr. Mortensen did a great job presenting this class, and his love of horses shows through in every lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really precious Angular 1.X courses. Even though I have already finished the whole courses and assignments, I believe I will review them again and again in the future. Of course, see Yaakov eating cookies again :).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a complete robotics course !!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Can feel Machine Learning !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, interactive course! I enjoyed the assignments (both writing and reviewing of peers work). The quizzes were not obvious and did not require simple regurgitation of info but actual thinking! I found the lessons on DBI, PWYW and Choice Engines very interesting. Well done Aric and crew, your passion for marketing comes through in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with lots of insight into this complex and fascinating topic. And how often do yo have the chance to attend lectures held by a Nobel laureate? Highly recommended to anyone interested in the topic of finance!A big thank you to Prof. Shiller and his team!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
More programming assignments would have helped understanding the topics covered in the course better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course material is great and its an awesome starting point for data analysis. However, its very unfortunate that the assignments are in Matlab / Octave. It's very important to study Python for interviews, as that is the most popular language with excellent data science tools. Also, the Octave environment is not the most stable and I often encountered problems. I wish Professor Andrew Ng had taken industry needs and data science needs into consideration while selecting the platform.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best, if not the best online courses I ever have taken. It is demanding, as neuroscience is. But it deserves the effort, no doubt.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Seriously, every person needs to take this course! I gained such a deeper appreciation and understanding of the art of poetry and have even submitted the two poems I workshopped here, 'Old Ghosts' and 'The Toenail and the Horn-Bowl' for publication. No matter the outcome, I know I will continue to write, as I have fallen in love with the art. Great work Doug!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very professional best in web!!most updated knowladge , code is very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed this course! The instructor was very informative and made it easy to understand. It's also great knowing we're able to go at our own pace. Though there were a few assignments that threw a few curve/tricky situations to solve.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the course, so informative & interesting!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course, the mix of the video presentations and the powerpoints are well done. The instructor does an excellent job. the 'bonus videos' and 'panelist interviews' are very good as well. Well worth the experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good one. Would be 5 stars if there was better support.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has been a wonderful experience. I admit, the instructor's accent had me distracted at first. I turned on subtitles and it helped me to follow the material with improved focus (in spite of the errors in the subtitles). I have finished the course and bought two of the instructor's books to "relive" this material. It is full of fantastic approaches to problem solving that I am applying at work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course thank youI wish we could have use case applications with high level tools such as RThanks a lot again !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course for beginners to start and it is the best way to start learning python. It provides a start for the confused beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As the rest of the courser, this one is another example of a good jobThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks Professor Andrew NG !!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course to take because the useful and simple explanations made by prof. Porter. The course gives us the first steps to be android developers in a fun an simple way. Excellent Course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction if there is no knowledge about Human centered Design. I think it could have more practice about the topics we saw.The explanations of the professor were very clear and understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Course for beginner !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a amazing course for ML, thanks for Andrew Ng!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Gets into a lot! And the app fufills my evolution app dreams.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really nice topic coverage in detail thank you very much coursera .....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Nice teaching. Why don't you people try to make new Tutorials for Nodejs. That would be awesome.Really enjoying learning Meteor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic! It was absolutely nothing less than a true pleasure to do this course. Everything from the strucure and layout of the course itself, to the good tools provided from coursera (I especially appreciated the app!). Excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. I has provided me a great confidence in me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Like the HTML5, even beginners are well informed in this course and activities are very much hands-on. thanks to Dr. VanThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is good course for me and i study more thing of universe ,think youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like how this specialisation evolves... as in the previous block, it does not give you all details, but merely sets the direction. The homework assignments are quite good and, if executed properly, will teach you a lot.The only complaint - frequent ambiguity of multiple choice quiz questions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me to understand what is involved in music composition.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Been through 1st week. I would say Andrew Ng sir is really doing good job explaining every nook and rally of the stuff. Must take (so far my feeling) if you want to start-off in Machine Learning :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course to get the fundamental idea, tips, advice of how to improve your learning processThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very comprehensive, thorough and complete course for statistics in the context of clinical research.Love the passion and teaching of the instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me explore what being a teacher really is and how to discover my philosophy of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
These instructors are among the very best I have encountered as a veteran of dozens of MOOCs. Their expertise in the subject matter, presentation and pleasant manner made this a highly pleasurable learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
starting from scrach an then coming onto its concepts. great learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was nice course. I have learnt a lot from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had to keep pausing the videos because he kept rushing through the material. The notes that appeared on the sides were very hopeful, but rarely stayed on the screen long enough for me to write down the first note! It was very informative and interesting.I WOULD recommend this to someone else, however I really wish that the notes stayed on the screen either as he talks (until he gets to a new topic. EX. Egypt VS. Babylon- the whole topic of Egypt VS. Babylon the notes for it are on the side of the screen. When it gets to the next topic-- say Neo-Babylonians, the notes for that topic appear ), or just long enough for people to read the notes and copy them down.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another great class in the GIS specialization! The lectures and course materials are very well thought out. This course moves pasts the basics and gets into details for GIS data formats. The tutorial assignments and project are very useful in practicing the concepts learned in the video lectures. Highly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Much more challenging than you imagine, but really goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simply superve course , I got very good programming knowledge of python looking forward to complete entire specialization. Thanks Charles Severance, you were amazing and bonus lectures of inventors of different programmin languages are very encouraging and you are doing very good job. Thank you so much for the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A wonderful course. I'll definitely recommend it to my friends who are interested in Chinese language and culture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course offering an overview of the financial markets. Does not go into detail, keeping the course at a relatively high level. Well delivered lecture by Prof Schiller making the videos entertaining to watch. As a bonus each week features a prominent guest speaker providing additional insights.Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction to the fundamentals of entrepreneurship.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is great but there is some room for improvement. One awesome way to improve learner experience, I think, would be to provide one or two examples about what is expected to deliver for each activity (good/bad examples from previous courses, preserving anonymity?).I know a lot of creativity is involved in the process, but sometimes I felt like I was wandering in the dark, trying to complete an assignment without knowing whether I understood appropriately the instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good tutor. A very good class. Thank you for your teaching. It's very useful to my research.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very good course for people who need a good revision of english grammar and punctuation. I learn things that i did not know previously.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course love the way it is. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wanted to go back a relearn some calculus long ago. I can't say enough good about this course. I love the professor's passion for his subject - always a mark of a great teacher. He breaks big subjects into small pieces for easy ingestion.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just the right pace. A perfect introduction for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There was a lot of stuff I could immediately use for my work. some of the other stuff was good to know to better understand what can be done behind the scene.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course with great stuffThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked this course very much because I could learn something new to support my professional life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, interesting and helpful! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wish I could take the whole course, or have a complete pm certificate at the end of the 4 courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent contents, orientation and technical skills induction!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and teachers!! CongratulationsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
best online course! really enjoyed learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative, mind opening and uniqueThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. I wanted to learn ML for a long time. Planning to take Part B and CThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course made me continued study by myself easier. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learning a lot about cybersecurity in this course, and I really liked the process of handing in assignments as well as reviewing other students' work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Challenging, interesting and overall a great experience. Totally worth it even if you do not have a big background on Linear Algebra or basic Calculus.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i found the course very helpful and informative and i t helps to critically read and interpret research papers. my only take on it is that there was no responses to questions that i asked the lecturerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a really nice and active course if you have the time to commit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Like it all, except one moment -- "tuples" theme. But I think it's not about the coverage of a topic, but just me.Anyway, thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
West Virginia University offering the best coursera and most difficult courses with an easy method of learningThanks WVUThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked the "How I struggled" and "Challenge" videos. The course itself was challenging to me and I learned a few object oriented programming concepts that can help me at work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredibly clear and detailed step by step explanation, great exercises to develop good photography skills!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to learn the basics of Excel and how to use it for day to day problems of data analysis.In short it is a complete package for learning excel to beginners as well as for those who know a little about excel.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great lessons i would hope it would be more extensive in terms of lessons. I hoped for more detailed technical music theory.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course and the instructor really explained everything .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
fantastic course from which I learnt a lot！！The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to develop your writing skillsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, with nice companion book, thoroughly created self-examination, and incredibly persuasive lecturer. Highly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extensive and useful! Many thanks to the staff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely clear and well presented course. Congratulations to the team who made such a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course leading to insightful consideration for new managers. Quickly applicable with the Thought Model exercise. Would highly recommend. I give it 4 starts out of 5 because some improvement needed around expected deadlines on week 3, and for a few technical bugs: one must be logged into a browser to participate in the discussion forum - I couldn't make it work from my iPad or iPhone apps.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Before this course I could write html, css, and js. Now I actually know what I am doing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good overview of financial markets.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good class for learning about how to be inclusive and health for everyone on the gender spectrumThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great material and very useful for my current rol.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It isn't too long or serious, but very helpful in creating a broad idea of what diplomacy is. I especially enjoyed getting to view the various thoughts and opinions of other people from different cultures. I definitely recommend taking this course!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great SEO Course ! I really learned a lot of new things !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This python course was easy and simple to learn and use Python on a day-to-day basis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very thorough and useful. Thank you so much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I feel grateful that I found this course. This course is my first step as a learner in Coursera and it helps me to learn the fundamental skill that I need for my thesis, which is about CRM mobile application. It structure of this specialization is great, even though I got struggled in the capstone course because of lack explanation about IBM Bluemix.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good tips!! I really recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course and helped me a lot in developing ideas and making me better at digesting concepts etc.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good concept to understand what is happenThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great professors, thank you so much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
loved the course. I believe this course is vital to all American's today. I believe this class should be a necessary class offered in our children's schools.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course! With little math background, I can understand what the teacher teaches! And use what I learned from the course in my work!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course and its prequel. Dr. Chuck, you are a wonderful teacher and I really appreciate the efforts and time you have put into each video. It almost feels like a breeze learning with you. I have learned a lot from your courses and hopefully will complete the specialisation in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lessons were very short but full of interesting and relevant information.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a self taught person in Graphic Design, it was interesting to put words to my basic knowledge. I found particularly helpful the lesson about composition.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A top-class course. Very well structured, and the lesson are very well explained. Good teacher and all the videos are subtitled in english. If you want to learn Objective-C from zero and have some programming experience in OOP, take this without a doubt, you will enjoy it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fun way to learn the basis on negotiation. Provides basic tips on the subject as well as it enables you to put them in practice. Thanks Prof. Nalebuff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty interesting. Made me thinkThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good class for English language teachersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
as a novice, the course is very useful to me, and I learn a lot from it, and even some exprenced dentists will be thrilled to attend this class for so many specialists here to convey the up-to-date knowledge in this field. well, I greatly yearn for the next turn course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to see your progress during the course. It works!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fantastic opportunity to fix what I have been doing wrong for 30 years! Thank you Dr. Oakley and Dr. Sejnowski. Your examples and stories inspire me to pursue further education and change careers, mid-life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A lot of information and very well presented. May need some updating to reflect the quickly changing landscape of terrorism. Thanks for a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm graduated in System Analysis, not Computer Sciences, and learned to program only by experience. After 20 years it's a good deal but still I missed the theoretical background and this always annoyed me. I knew and used to make good use of all the structures presented in this course but never could quite explain how or why, or talk in asymptotic notations. Now I can. I didn't stop here, I do take some topics to deep dive during the lectures. It's being a great experience and I only wish I could have more time to keep myself always enrolled in some course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course! My only critic is that I would have hoped to be challenged a little more. Although I do have rather extensive knowledge in programming prior to actually taking the course, just took it for a refresher. It refreshed me wonderfully. The instructor was fantastic and I would recommend to another user. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great look to the integration problems, drawing and theoretical exercises was not as good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good, Good! My first try at Coursera classes. A well organized class and real field data samples to practive with.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great course for introductory level. It doesn't get too deep into some topics but helps to get a good understanding of metrics in companies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course has covered all the topics related to Dairy & Farm Management. Thanks a lot to the Professors for sharing theirThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, very useful for all musicians!! Great teacher John P. KellogThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introduction to AngularJS, but falls short on connecting the dots in places.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a very clear and easy course for new student involved into machine learning !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting overview: theory and practical cases togetherThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Jim Fowler makes Calculus a poetry. The concept oriented approach goes straight into the fundamentals before turning off the students' appetite with dry symbolic jargons. The same concept is explained from multiple perspectives making mastery of the material inevitable. I had the most fun learning from Dr. Jim Fowler the beauty of calculus.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A nice effort. good if more interactive lessonsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It´s a very interesting course, food and beverage are a very kid of business.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have taken courses in photography before. I periodically attempt to brush up on my knowledge. A lot has changed with digital photography as a new medium. Everything is clearly explained and the professor is articulate. This course would be excellent for someone who is just beginning photography and/or it may be beneficial for someone who would like to review photography concepts. The peer review process could be improved, but also it is beneficial to review other peoples work. I still think its helpful to have a professional look at your work when possible. An extra credit assignment might be to join a camera club or talk to a professional in your community and possibly even show them your pictures as your progress through the course. The main thing is don't be too hard on yourself, or others too. We are all beginners here.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just amazing course. Very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great insight, but the lecture is quite hard !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is well documented, now includes the complete transcript of the lesson and the downloadable pdf's of the drawings. Prof Wayne Whiteman discusses the lessons clearly and methodically and is encouraging for the problems. Thoroughly enjoyed the course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, easy to follow and very interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course quite interesting, it made be consider I perspective I previously hadn't. The only drawback is that it is rather slow in places.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A bit too trivial, though usefuThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Highly recommended course to anyone who is interested into MLThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Congrats to Carlos and Emily on producing a great course. As a humble software developer with no statistics background (and someone who hasn't used calculus since they left school nearly 30 years ago) I found this course to be very accessible, the concepts clearly explained, and the results of the course work have been rewarding. Thanks for kick-starting my little grey cells again.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class, along with "Statistical Inference" and "Machine Language" , are the meat and potato's for data science. I had taken most, if not all of these classes as an undergrad many years ago . The tools for stats have changed significantly and these classes being taught with the open source R language, really put you at the forefront of this new field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you get confused every time you open the font selection dialog then this course is for you. It well structured has a lot of visuals. I highly recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I learned a lot from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Angular exercises. But I think that testing should get its own segment. Becomes a bit lengthy with 30 min videos and only scraping the surface on the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The detail level of the regression covered in this course is absolutely necessary if you want to achieve an outstanding level in the Machine Learning area.The teacher is awesome and the capacity of making it simple for everyone is really from another planet! The best course I have taken so far!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an amazing course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and useful course. Everything is very clearly explained. Apart from theory, it is very interesting the Octave/Matlab exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent video lectures and well prepared textbook together provide a rich context to understand the best practices of Negotiation, Alternative Dispute Resolution and Deal Making strategies that apply in many aspects of business and personal life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great to kickstart your R programming skills.A bit basic sometimes and exercices are not very advanced.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This teacher taught a lot of useful skills, all are very good!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great lectures, the tests didn't really focus on the crucial elements of the course in my opinionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot through the course. Will recommend it to anyone who wants to understand how to be effective in social mediaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the course is very helpful,easy to understand ,reading materials were good too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very insightful and very helpful for the data mining studies at university courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was a great learning experience for me, and opened me to the world of microeconomics. Prof Larry has presented concepts in a very lucid manner, and the references / reading materials are great too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The questions are hard to understand and ambiguous though their answers are easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome, really learnt a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative course with entertaining skits to deliver material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best intro into machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course for all starting to play with game development.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Whether student or teacher, this course is a must. full of easy to learn, valuable insights that will save you time and energy throughout your life. I would have loved to have known this earlier as its applications are useful for both the full time and casual learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful. Simple tools to increase personal work efficiency.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good at focusing your attention on what matters.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is worthwhile. The instructor explained the concept clearly in engaging way that I rarely found on Coursera. The most I liked is the design of assignments. As well as, it has some interviews of academics and professionals which shapes your thoughts very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for tour time and effort. The course gave me ideas for a new perspetive in my life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was very informative and ha lessons that you could use your entire life!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, good practise! Good lectures!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction to 3D game development in Unity game engine. Projects are also interesting and leave ample room to showcase our own creativity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really outstanding course: clear, engaging and thoughtful. Prof. Zelikov knows how put complex subjects and historical situations in a most clear perspective without being superficial.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Relies on lots of external reading. The videos and write ups are very interesting, and the course gives lots of great links to further research, which is required to fully understand the large number of things mentioned in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well designed for beginners to intermediate programmers analytics, Pay much attention on swirl, and other additional literature.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course one must finish before taking any other MOOC. Amazing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helpful assignments that got my more familiar with the language. A more exciting class than the intro class for people who already know other cs languages.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its awesome course, very good for people want to learn Bootstrap, Node.js....Building website from start is a good approach.Jogesh Muppala just rocked it.Eagerly waiting for AngularJs sessions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The level of difficulty of this course has been well designed which manage to challenge ,yet, not discourage new learnerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great practice for theory achieved by 5 coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the course, although it could have been a couple of weeks longer to provider longer time to absorb the more complex material. Many thanks to Brian Winn for making it hard fun to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a very concise but professional course, I am glad taking it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easiness and difficult level are great for beginners and people with tight schedulesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
- great and very useful overview of concepts important in big data that does not get bogged down in random details- interesting and sufficiently challenging assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good and useful with excellent assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative course. Prof. Bushee is hilarious,, really like his teaching techniqueThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, good tutor, looking forward for next one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course. Useful for researchers in other disciplines as well, such as social scientists, clinicians etc. The concepts were presented very clearly, and the exercises allow one to gauge one's understanding of the concepts and how to use Excel for those statistical studies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Interesting and valuable .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Videos are very good.Giving examples of our daily life experiences while teaching is easy to be relatedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
lots of fun, I wish it was a little more intensive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really interesting and informative. It gave me a much better understanding for the history and politics behind some of the issues we are all facing today, and really broadened my mind.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good forum to learn a lot of fundamentals on Arc GISThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very simple, but effective intro to HTML. Looking forward to CSS3!! Take the time to read the optional chapters in the free book PDF as some of the questions in the assignments are not mentioned in lectures, but are explained in the book.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great introductory programming course for anyone. It covers the basics of programming and prepares you for more advanced programming like java. If you can play with LEGOs you can do this course, yet it is still fun and challenging for the genuinely tech savvy. It's also a good creative outlet.The professor is cool and sweet, and although it sometimes feels like she had kids in mind for this course, the students are very diverse. Thanks Areti, I had a heck of a lot of fun!!! Now, it's midnight here, time for some Java (and some coffee too)!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed doing this course. It lays out the basics in such a structured way that is easy to understand and apply even if a person has no background in marketing. It is a great foundation course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good! I like the way the course is given!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love this course. This course gave me a sense of purpose for my business and a strong frame for managing wealth.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. Social media could have been an additional topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, the videos are funny, well taught. The practice exercise is also good and really useful. teachers show you the negotiation from another point of view. Very recomendable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic!!! Made me rethink all I "knew" about learning and ability to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to follow format, great videos and interviews! I loved this course so much I'm somewhat attached. I just hope the exam is as kind.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I can make sense very exactly because professor explain the focus of Software Security very well.It's good for me to understand that what is the Software Security.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me so much not just in python, but in overall understanding of different data structures and a lot of minor details, which I would always have skipped.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic examples of applied data analysisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course, provided insight into the private equity situation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good intro to concepts in ML.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent! Professor has a deep knowledge in this course, and more importantly he presents the lecture in a well organized way and with nice examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Congratulations. This introdutory course is useful and recommended to anyone who works or has interest in the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a nice and very challenging course. But definitely learned a lot. Thanks to the instructors..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting topic, maybe an improvement could be to provide the material as one file and not many files one for each video (also easier to consult in the future).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome Course. Good to go ...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learnt a lot from this course. Excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a good course for beginner, lots of CSS properties and pseudo-class selectors are covered in detail during the classes and you will get a good knowledge about CSS. If you code along the course and do all the assignments to practice in the end of the course you will have solid foundation for continued learning and programming in CSS3. It is course that I recommend to enroll.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great introductory course on robotics. Provides the necessary control systems foundations, which serve as building blocks for future research.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course extremely helpful,well structured and thoroughly informative.The content of each module I viewed, added up to my already acquired knowledge from my studies in theology.To me it was a link to everything I have learned so far about Kierkegaard and has basically completed the picture.Congratulations and many thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful overview of project management. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
love Chinese easy to understand thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Last section with the emulators needed more guidance on how to install. I received few errors just trying to install the platforms emulators in my pcThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent and well-structured course. The exercises are challenging and interesting. The instructor combines in depth technical knowledge with the ability to explain things very well, which I've found is rare.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the course. The final assessment was a challenge, but I am glad not to have given up.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am thoroughly satisfied with my learning experience and the way in which Andrew Ng handles the course. The onus given to explaining the mathematical reason behind every concept is noteworthy. I would highly recommend this course to my friends.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learn a lot, thank you !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for this course!Professor Roth, I love your teaching style. Such course can easily be made boring, but I was excited and interested every minute of your lectures.During last few month (luckily for me, the course is self-paced) I've read more of serious literature than during all my life.The most resonating for me was Baudelaire and the "flâneur" aesthetics.And, quite strangely, reading Nietzsche makes me happy :)Thanks again to everyone, who was involved in creating this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great tutors and classes! I really enjoyed it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best course I had on Coursera. This course is really well structured, and which is very rare - interesting in attending.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent introduction to XCode and Objective-C. The instructor illustrates all of the basic concepts with code examples, and walks you through most of the assignments, allowing you to learn by doing. The time requirements are quite modest.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good. Lot of new learning and understanding.. I liked the responsiveness of Discussion forum is great. It helped a lot as learning new subject..Points for improvement: Video may rerecorded as screens are different now in bluemix... I also there are material to learn on this IoT platform, like Blockchain Managed Device and Edge Analytics, it would have been covered in this course..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course assignments is hard and takes lots of hours but are valuable to me as it systematically consolidates rails' components for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm not a graphical designer and will apply the new knowledge in perspective of IT solutions design and presentation. The course perfectly fits my needs.This introductory course provides the fundamental principles and general design tricks in condensed and very clear form.Major ideas are defined in several best practices supported by relevant examples and engaging exercises.I like the idea to deliver graphical design, writing, and presentation courses together with references between related topics. Such holistic approach gives us the better view on real "design of everything."Great job David!Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basics Covered Perfectly....:-) Kudos to TeamThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Definitely good course for those working in either accounting or analytics. It gave me new ideas on how to apply analytical methods. Interesting examples on how to identify number management and how analytics can help to set up non-financial metrics that drive financial outcomes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a great course, I know a lot of new stuffThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A wonderful course and one that I would (and will) recommend to anyone staring any learning journey! If you are planning on beginning a learning journey - it makes sense to pack your bag with the best tools and techniques to make that journey productive and fun!That's what this course does! It equips you to make the most of your time and effort in Coursera and elsewhere.Take this course first - learn the techniques - revisit and review.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great one but my certificate is over .... I just enrolled for a second time just to learn about the research advanced without sending homework and my passed certificate is over ....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really well explained and accessible, could even be a bit more complex or at least more detailed concerning theoretical guarantees of machine learning at some points.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This courseis amazing as well as the teacher is good at teaching!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very small and easy to understand and worth to takeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful course that can help improve your life on many levels.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to finance!!Totally worth taking!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
what a golden opportunity given by' almighty' coursera to train teachers to rather become professional teachers !!!.....wow coursera, you are perfectly the best .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'd like to say thanks to all that helped make this MOOC - it feels good to hear change is possible for anyone at any time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would have appreciated a bit more of a hands-on process in building the workbooks (with proper instruction of course) and more formal presentation of the formulas being used, but overall, I got a lot out of this course and enjoyed it along the way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has maintained its quality, I love it! Thanks Dr. Chuck!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
All common sense that is too uncommon these days.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course but a little light on the theory, especially on SVM'sThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed this course. It had a management stance, which for me as a product designer was insightful. Clearly presented.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Despite a bit confusing use of info-screen, this really opened my mind and view to the rest of the world. It´s if he made me see world history + our present world in a whole new light. Thank you so much :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. It is all about theory, which is fantastic, with some facility provided to enable improvisation. It would be great to extend this course to a hands-on improvisation. How about a part 2 - practical implementation of the introduced improvisational concepts?Many thanks to prof. Terefenko and the band members - what a gathering of talent!Best regards,Pawel SlomowiczThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very specific. Repetition provided is helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have never studied any online lesson that is fascinating like this one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with great content!! I learnt a lot! But it takes much more time than 4-5h a week as is stated at course info.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and well organized (with a ton of resources, references, and optional further readings). The instructors were clearly passionate about the subject matter, and excited to share their knowledge with the viewers. The videos were informative, full of helpful case studies, and oftentimes, funny. Definitely learned quite a bit from this course. I would take other offerings from them, if possible!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took this course as part of the Specialization. I wish I could put all the directors, VPs, and EVPs through this specialization. The tools, case studies, and resources alone make it worth the time and money.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect course. Great material and teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great way to get acquainted with the basic tools of graphic design. I will be sure to use them next time I am creating a presentation at work or in my personal life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was excellent, with very good structure, with the right level of difficulty/complexity, with very good slides & discussions. The only couple of points for potential amendments that I would propose is a) avert from calling/mentioning drugs with their brand names, but rather use the active ingredient names only, and b) perhaps providing resources for further reading (i.e web links etc) to all material after each lecture, like you did for week 6 final lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good basic course which all electrical,electronics and comps people can learn easily.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course greatly useful in learning everything about Bootstrap: from basic grid system to interactive classes, as well as javascript, jQuery and more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
What a great course, fantastic professor, engaging on all levels. I learnt a bit and now really excited to learn even more. This was great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course should be taken by EVERY 1st year teacher once they are in the classroom or before they step into their own classroom. I'm positive that this course will help you and will guide you through some of the toughest situations. I really appreciate the fact that they encourage scripting and practicing the toughest things like giving consequences. I will definitely use the tools that they taught me in my second year and to be a more effective teacher. TWO THUMBS UP!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very well structured course. Prof. Scott has delivered wach lecture with great clarity. As introduction course, it had a very good range of topics and models to learn from. The content is intuitive enough to apreciate the "fertility" of these models and apply them in various contexts.Many thanks,Looking forward to more such courses on modeling,Udaya RangaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introductory course on descriptive statistics and probabilityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and well-structured! Great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, great teacher! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank to all teachers for sharing this course!special thanks toCharles SeveranceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to data structuresThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is exactly the model that other humanities and "soft science" courses should follow on Coursera. Your grades and progress are solely based on your own performance and not on the whims of student reviewers. One is also spared the experience of grading the work of others which is often nearly as painful of a punishment as undergoing a root canal sans anesthesia. Other instructors and the leadership of Coursera need to pay attention to how this course is set up in order to make their own future endeavors better for their students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, It is a privilege take a course with this teacher, thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you sir for making physics so much more enjoyable and hands on, whilst teaching the same basic important concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very instructive and a good start up. I love the way the lectures are prtesented. helps you get the grab of the materials.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This (so far) Is a great course, would highly recommend it :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for the beginners. The treatment takes you through the software related aspects of machine learning without dealing too much in depth with the mathematical side of the treatment. The way difficult concepts have been dealt with in the lecture slides are simply superb.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course with a fitting mix of challenges and material!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think the course is useful especially for people who are working in English environment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice and simple courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved this course wonderful instructors very informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent approach to marketing analytics, but might need to be more rigurous about econometric modelingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction to applied visual research. *Ideas from the History of Graphic Design* opened my mind and got me super excited about the usefulness, in fact the necessity of strong visual research. I've found reading design history interesting before, but this course and the assignments helped me make the leap from merely looking for ideas to actual design thinking, with visual research as a core methodology.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a really good course to introduce the Arduino and basic electronic components! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This part is great, I have learned a lot, thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Difficulty level increased a bit compared to first 3 courses, be prepared!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome, I've learn so much and understand more from this course. But the only problem; is that I cannot get verify certificates. Because my webcam not working and this course must have your photo taking to get the course certificates and no other option. that was disappointing .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice Course. Learnt a lot. Thanks to the instructors..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well organized and planned course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course to help one be aware how they learn and become a more effective learner. Recommended to my 14 years old son to take. It will make his high school years so much more easier and he will be a pro at it by college!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Comprehensive and pragmatic. I particularly like the real-life examples of schools using Blending Learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I took machine learning in grad school, but this ended up being very complimentary.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another batch of interesting topics, but this time the labs are ... imperfect. There are are errors in the scripts, not difficult to troubleshoot and fix but still. Please review and correct them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good. By the end of the course, I felt prepared to take the exam.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and the way Professor delivered lecture was very simple and understandable. Thanks to coursera, Professor and related bodies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is awesome and very clear. You can get a good undestanding of machine learning and the most its topic. Of course, we have to keep studying and knowing even more about this subject.ThankThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some explanations are a bit redundant and stretched out, but overall a wonderful course, great teacher and interesting matierialThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I believe the course could go a bit more in detail on the algorithms and the mathematics behind it, but overall it was a great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you sir for teaching in such a different and unique way. The way you teach is indeed very unique and it always kept me attentive during your lecture. Now i have understand all those concepts in a more better way and i am certain that this will help me in my future carrier as a material engineer. Thank you SirThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great starting point for software design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for such an interesting and intensive course on web development, it really covers a lot: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 3, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, JSON, wow, that's really cool course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great course with a lot of good information. I continue to use a lot of the suggestions that she gives in this course for my own benefit, as well as share with others. If you need some information about nutrition when it comes to children, this course will give you a great foundation to stand on!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is an excellent introduction to the field of Machine Learning. Professor Ng explains concepts in a way that a person without a background in maths may be able to understand them. The course balances between theoretical and practical aspects of the topic nicely although a little more weightage is given to the practical side. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested to get started with machine learning. The course may be not very useful for someone who has taken an undergraduate class in machine learning or statistical learning but I would still suggest you go through it to gain a lot of practical insights.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It had a lot of information, however there wasn't a vary of sources.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A highly recommendable beginning course to learn Korean efficiently. Throughout the course, I learnt to correctly pronounce each character and make simple conversation about daily life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, I recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a beginner course it's okay.Needs to be more competitive and tough.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very professional and very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is amazing! The course lectures are well explained and the assignments pose a good challenge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Help to improve your skills of creating goo story for the game.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am very fond of the way the course material was presented. I found the definitions and proofs to be rigorous and intuitive at the same time, which is of great importance when learning such material. The accompanying textbook is great, too. Although I was already familiar with parts of the material, I thoroughly enjoyed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good to go through classes and reviewsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a fantastic CourseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and useful, but I doubt the certificate is worth it. Definitely audit it, though.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course, it is amazing. This course brought to my life a lots of inspiration. Thank you Dr. Adam and her team.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Instructor makes easy to learn Python!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An EXCELLENT multi-disciplinary course that provides a though-provoking overview of world history. The videos are interesting, the additional resources fascinating.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course!!! It gives deep knowledge of the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course is excellent. It gives a good overall view on many important aspects. The Assignments are too easy while giving the correct building blocks for writing your own programs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
sir,I am chirag from India. I liked all the videos that you thought me during the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is simple and perfectly self contained. It is excellent as a primer on the topic or to refresh old knowledge. The examples are clear and so is the language. Of course it does not address in full the complexity and the ramifications of this approach.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, I would definitely recommend. Information flowed smoothly and it was a great way for me to learn and understand my leadership style. The only reason I gave it a 4 star and not 5 is because during the peer assessment I kept being matched to persons who were in a different time zone from me which made it difficult for us to communicate. Other than that 1 glitch, thoroughly enjoyed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good the words, and how can help foreign peopleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course Material its great, its very clear and complete. There should be more practical lessons that complement the theory, you may get a bit more experience with small practice exercises that ilustrate the concepts taught in the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its good course for beginner thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course give us a basic and broad perspective about the current philosophical problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction for those musicians who want to get into the world of Jazz improvisation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice one. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good, detailed deep learning! Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great instructor! Very good content and reference readings. I only wish the course wouldn't be so introductory.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved this class. I LOVED that they didnt label the pit bull as aggressive!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome content, all the requiered foundations for the real beginning in the Android world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would not take this class as a stand alone course, but am excited about what it may be setting up for the classes to follow. The instruction in this course was pretty basic and not difficult in the least.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A deep understanding is given about the subject .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Effective use of time. Jumped into useful things immediately.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good practical things taught here!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect material, Perfect instructors, and perfect course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice and complete introduction to html,css and javascript!Great teacher. Explanation was very clear, and assignment help to improve what have you learned during the lessons!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course, I've learned so much, and videos were all quite entertainingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is a cool and patient course for people from other field to study programming, like me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is excellent for a beginner like me. I'm loving everything about it - the content, structure, not to mention the instructor's charismatic style. This is a much appreciated opportunity to learn and understand music theory from someone who has such obvious passion for music.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely useful course. This course has inspired me to take more courses in Coursera. It took some time for me to complete this yet this is well worth my time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a good course, but probably just a little too short. I think it will be a good idea to develop some arguments more in deep.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
PML is a deep subject and this course is an excellent foundation for further studies. Prof Leek has taught brilliantly on the basic concepts of PML given the short time of 4 weeks. You need college level statistics to fully appreciate the theories of the PML's lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Course on introducing basics of SEOThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helps me to know the basic things of machine learning and help me to prepare for deep learning course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have taken this course before. It is my third challenge.I could pass all the assignments now.I feel like I get something from this course and I really appreciate all the Coursera staffs and Dr.chuck for helping me to pass this course.thank youjongchanThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to follow, slow paced. Perfect for non-programmers to learn programming for the first time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for all teachersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course because of its content and its professor. Thank you for your help.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent introduction to programming. The exercises are very dynamic and the tutors did a great job by explaining the program, both in English and Spanish. The bonus interview might seem like extra time but it's totally worth it. The only recommendation for the class is not to rush the exercises after the 3 week. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. I have learnt a lot about Untiy3D as the teacher explained descriptively each section.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent practical in Introduction to Research for Essay WritingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Compactly provided information that is relevant.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Charles is an excellent tutor. His tutorials insists that you, as someone who is taking baby steps in programming, to not take shortcuts and develop your command of the language akin to someone learning composition in elementary school. Makes you comfortable with the syntax, gets your confidence running, and then introduce the complex stuff.He's a tutor that doesn't make your programming experience mundane. Recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This programme offers a great introduction and background to the thinking on the Green economy, as well as very useful examples from Scandinavia.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course showed me there is a objective and systematic way for preparing for interviews and improving my English skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course love it.And learn a lot from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall good, thanks Prof. Geoffery! A bit difficult, especially there is a lot part of RBM/DBN/DBM. There could be some CNN content included in the future. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learnt how to plan our lesson before we plunge into instruction.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course. I've finally understood JS.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very satisfied with the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
clearly demonstrating, offering a lot of real cases, I see the differences between my teacher and Professor George.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best of the best, i love'itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent and very informative course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked this course a lot as it gave me the opportunity to work doing the assignment, helping me to think as an executive team leader. It was very challenged but very rewarding at the end of it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well structured and practical work oriented project.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for this course! Looks like basic training for entrepreneurs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
just love the fact that there is a course on angularJSThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've first time attended an online course. Basic statistic is great for specialization both students and employers. Syllabus of lessons become simple to complex, so it get easier learning. 1st week of the course about to finish. Thanks for all.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a good course, but sometimes I hava problems with web-bags (my information - actions) were unavailable or didn't updateThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great material, not too in depth but if you know some programming then you will at least be able to properly read code now and know what to google, which I think is the most important for learning a new programming language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Found this course very informative! Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course. The method used to teach is a simple and very functional way. The extra informations are too helpful and direct us to use the knowledge in our entrepreneurial activities.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's an introductory course to key Pattern Discovery techniques with a comprehensive coverage of important subjects. However, it should be complemented by following the referenced material in order to obtain a wider and more complete picture of the field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Here you will learn the basic skills for writing and judging proofs.At core, the taught material consists of the content of Keith Devlin's book 'Introduction to Mathematical Thinking', which is available for low fee. But at this course are come lots of students together and they can help each other at struggling through the plenty exercises which accompany the lectures. And there is also some help from several mentors.In the last week you have to write your own proofs at ten problem sets and peer reviewing them for lots of other students.negatives: Because the instructor suggested group building over the net, It happened at my course that the course participants was split to plenty small groups. And although it's a pretty good Idea that the Instructor presents the learning stuff at the videos by writing it on a small sheet with a pen, his handwriting is sometimes so terrible that it's hardly to read.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great course. i took it to learn more about learning strategies . i liked most the intreviews at the end of each chapter.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent and simple explanations about the major factors in Grammar and Punctuation. I am honored to finish this course, and I have to congratulate all people involved in this project.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lectures clear and well-organized. Homework needlessly complicated and with large gap from lecture material. Grader did not give enough info when rejecting submitted work. Weighting last problem at 50% of final week was unpleasant. Hosted platform allowed importing re and io.StringIO, but grader rejected them. Hosted platform had consistent kernel failure on my last solution, but it worked on another system and grader accepted it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Good continuation of the principles one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and teacher! Right energy for people like me. ;)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
On the one hand it's interesting course with cool (!) visualisation. On the other - it's very simple themes to discuss and there is a usual way to understanding process in art and society.I hope you add new lectures about some directions in modern art, utility art and something like thisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved it! Content is great and form perfect for a deep glimpse into Agile and Design thinking.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course is brilliantly organised and loved the way modern science has been linked to Buddhism.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great content and great teacher, thanks so much for this :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a really good and well structured course. Initially, I felt the structure is not making me think but when I reached the end, in summative project, I realized how much I have learned. Anyone with basic IT background would be comfortable with the course. Learned various concepts of Business Intelligence; and microstrategy as a BI tool is good for analyzing. After I am done, I am going to spend more time looking at other tools of Microstrategy and apply those in the capstone course if required. I came across some students facing issues with microstrategy in the Discussion forum but I think improper installation or hardware and software support could be the cause.Thank You, Mr. Karimi.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content but dome speakers really need to be more involved... Some videos are perfect if you want to sleep...Also there was some mistakes in the programming assignments (more or less fixed now) and maybe a bit more details or example code would help. It was hard to make the assignments without extra help and many students had difficulties finding what to do, hopefully the forum was a real life saving tool.The MATLAB introduction is just ridiculous: you'll need 10x more knowledge of it to do the assignments. it's like taking your first driving lesson on Monday and do Indianapolis 500 on Tuesday...For someone like me that was not very familiar with this tool, I spend 90% of the time googling "matlab doing this or that" to find example code and making the code work instead of working on the algorithm itself.The tutorial in the Aerial Robotics is more complete.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took this course a few years ago and re-taking it again to refresh the my memeory. It still remains the best course on ML here on Coursera. Even though it's quite basic, Andrew Ng gives insightful and very practical course on ML. Thank you, Andrew !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Prof Chuck is great,make simple the complex.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting content, but still a bit buggy...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. In my opinion, you will make more of it if you have previously studied basic Chinese. It's an excellent way to learn correct pronunciation of words (based on pinyin).This is focused on basic every day conversations. The teacher talks very clearly and marks the tones. This is a crucial part of Chinese speaking, which by experience is the most difficult part.Great experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course segment a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nick Santos is an excellent teacher. He provides concise and clear concepts and helps to develop skills on our own, with a correct guidanceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The last course in this specialization had me second guessing myself on whether or not I could do this (based on how difficult the quizzes/course project was). I spent tons of time researching, looking at the forums, and programming documentation. Going into this course, I was surprised about how much I knew when it came to the quizzes and how my time looking at all the resources above decreased and I actually knew where to begin! The course project was still VERY difficult for this beginning specialization compared to what information is given in the lectures (spent over 16 hours on it and still didn't meet ALL criteria). However, it does challenge you to think and reflect on your knowledge. You probably won't understand 100% of what is in the course (especially the project) but you will LEARN especially if you are totally NEW to programming like me! My knowledge has increased and that is what I was hoping for. If you have those same hopes and do not mind not getting 100%'s on all quizzes/projects this course is for you. Do be mindful that I personally feel that this course requires more than 4-6 hours per week especially for beginners. I spent more than 24 hours on week 4 alone.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was amazing!!I previously had taken Python course from other university from an other website.It was very difficult and lost interest since it was first time I was dealing with python and the difficulty level was too much for a fresher to Python. But this was easy yet interesting as well :) and I am very happyThank you Charles Sir !!! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great experience. Really fun and exciting to work with real data and trying to solve a real business problem. The teacher was really clear in her presentantions and you can cleary see the effort she and the whole team made in the creation of this course. This was my favorite, and probably the harder course I had take on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor is a GOD. Never has anyone explained a programming language in such an easy to learn manner. Decent exercises overall. The course felt pretty easy. Please suggest some other materials that can help us learn data structures thoroughly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good!! I enjoyed a lot!! ;)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoy the course and appreciate the feedbacks of all peers. For a full-time employee and mum of a toddler, the flexibility of the course helps a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course! I'll do the next Calculus two!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome courses, help you get close to functional programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was nice n great experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really useful, but maybe it could be more entertaining or dynamic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course surprised me. Initially, it seemed to be a review of very basic concepts from boolean algebra and propositional logic. But even with a strong background in math and CS I was challenged, and I learned new (and for me, applied) ideas about the underlying aspects of automated theorem provers and satisfiability provers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was great learning such interesting issuesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had to review college algebra and some of the prerequisite, optional material to get by. I found myself thinking I understood until I got to the quiz. There are a lot of spaces where he assumes you know things or that you will figure out that a+b=c (like putting 2 and 2 together). Notes should probably be taken in outline format. After watching a couple weeks you can tell how he organizes it. The teacher is very knowledgeable and explains concepts very well. The material can still be incredibly hard and gets easier as you repeat it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome . I am glad to have this opportunity and got a chance to learn from the very learned person like him .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am an Autistic adult and I took this class so I can understand myself and others on the Spectrum. This is a great class to take if you want to know about Autism. I learned a lot of things that I didn't already know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a good and interesting course! Thank you for possibilityto become familiar!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course for beginners.Allows for some experimentation, while giving students the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
How can you not learn AND love Dr. O'Keefe!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I want to say how much I especially enjoyed Dr Kenez and his very clear and concise lectures on the historical aspects of the subject matter. Thank you very much. Richard KilgoreThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really helpful for beginners to learn Korean from scratch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot through this course! Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enjoyed this course. There was a bit of confusion on some points, but overall really good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course! I really liked the way Prof. Yaakov Chaikin has structured the course, very informative and very interactive. Thanks to Prof. Yaakov. I would definitely recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good course for many people. From engineers (I am one myself) to economists and policy makers, there is always something usefull. Also, the classes are fun to watch! I had a great time and learned a great deal. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course I recommend to any one who needs the basics of python programming. Very usefull for network and system administrators as well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I was especially encouraged by my progress in this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well prepared materials that provide simple, basic understanding of philosophy. Great effort from the team! Big thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very powerful and explicit especially very for persons who understood that to make this world a better place requires better and an excellent grasp of knowledge. Learning How to Learn gives you that mental capacity to learn more effectively since you cannot think on what you don't know.Thanks, I'm truly enjoying myself.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
IT IS VERY HELPFUL.THANK YOUThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Precise and straight-to-the-point! I'd love to study in more advanced course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Recommend to everyone who would like to learn Python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am really satisfied with the course. I learnt new ideas and concepts about English grammar. This is a wonderful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learned so much about using Ableton Live in this course. It really gives you the basic of the program and then some which is really great, especially when you want to use this program for producing and or recording. I highly recommend it to anyone interested in Ableton and Berklee Online.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting material presented in a way that is easy to understand and build uponThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, with very detailed explanations on all the algorithms and their strenghts and weaknesses. I only felt missing some words about deep learning as it is something that is directly in the field of Machine Learning and is something people talk about a lot on the media.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course. Must to have!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Excellent instructor. Well worth the time!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course. I would just like more assignments and more information about spark.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing, I think it will help me a lot with my studies and in life generally..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this new course!! Thank you for the opportunity of the know how it works and for learn something new.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very basic, and I learned a lot how to write Python code and using the GraphLab toolThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good I learned a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, but the quizzes are not quite there yet. They focus too much on minor details and the questions are sometimes awkwardly phrased.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really like this course, after learning this course , I feel I am not nervous when talking about work in englishThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent instruction but the reading materials is quite old in some instances. I'm curious how accurateMr. Peterson's book is now.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learnt so much! Great content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provided me with a a set of takeaway tools that I can leverage on projects for attribute driven design. The focus on methodology, design, peer review, and patterns and tactics would benefit any architect that may be interested in this design approach.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a good introductory course to heritage managementThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the lectures. The introduction to Tableau was broad enough to get a feel for possibilities and gave plenty of resources to further look for guidance as needed. In addition, the focus was not just on the technical tool but relaying the differences in visualization for analysis and visualization for persuasion. I enjoyed her lecturing and felt like the visual science and very specific actionable takeaways were good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really powerful, learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I definitely enjoyed doing this course. The exercises really helped me understand it and it makes you more involved.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! The instructors are very terse and accurately teach the necessary elements to learn how to build and design an AR application. Well done.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really superior course. thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
With the Globalization, it is normal to the intercultural communication or conflict, this course is useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I very excited for this class, thanks!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Grader Doesn't have test cases .Anyone can fool the grader easilyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a really interesting course and the teacher is really clear with the explanations. I´ve acquired new skills that I will apply it on my current research project. I invite you to join the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well researched and articulate professor, incredibly knowledgeable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great tips , new world has opened for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like so much this course, th teacher explains all the things very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I used to spend lot of time studying, having less effectively spending my time without getting much out it, having trouble managing work and play. I can use effective techniques to manage both.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The past few weeks was a great journey to me. It's very rich and beyond I could have imagined. Thank you very much Andrew! I wish everyone out there could take this course once in their life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thorough grounding in the basics. Even a novice like me could grapple with it, even though it did not come naturally, all the information was accessible for tasks. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! The videos were very engaging and interesting, and the instructors did a great job of explaining all kinds of different scenarios involving copyright and how to evaluate the potential use of copyrighted materials. I would highly recommend this course to anyone that might be interested in it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very critical to listen about high value market and how to do that , the answer lies in this course. Clearly defined road map. Thanks ProfessorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enrolled in this course after completing the html5 course. At the culmination of the CSS3 project, I feel ways more confident in my web development skills, although I am a far ways off being a web designer. The pace of the course is excellent, and the quizzes and projects allowed me to put in practice the theory I learned about. I also love how the professor discusses the material and organised this course.I truly recommend this course to anyone at the beginner level.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked this course, but sometimes examples showed in the lectures were much easier than those you needed to solve in a quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Business Metrics!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must for any person pursuing/intending to pursue formal legal education.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course.Nice Way of teachingThanks ProfessorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was a a very nice courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really liked the course, the material was very informative and easy to grasp. Thanks to all the Professors who have designed and created this course !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I recommend it to everyone who's curious about how we got to where we are now.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with a lot of hands on and practical information. I would not mind going into bigger detail. It will be a big effort to implement it in the company, but it will be worth it. Thanks for the course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
iI have joined late but worth it...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good first exposure to Rails and using API's. Useful, practical skills gained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's very helpful for the people want to pick up his first language! A great course.But for the folks who have studied some other language it's might be little bit too easy and not content-intensified.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I totally love this course! And the teachers are great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, well balanced between theory and practice. Content was very carefully designed to suit people with different backgrounds/experience and gives you enough base on the subject so that you can start using it or enough to research and dive deeper into the subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice overview, but it seemed to be too much information for the limited time. There should be a separate six week course for each threshold.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class if you are looking for an overview of the 150-year span between the Enlightenment and World War I. What is unique (as far as classes I've taken) is that it makes mention of events in South America, the Middle East and Asia beyond how they affected the European or American powers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There should have been more exercises on loops, especially definite ones. We had a couple of exercises on infinite loops but none on definite. Also, there should be a way to practice the code along with Chuck as he gives examples using a short & quick code for more practice. Something like a smaller version of the code tool could be right there along side the video. That would help. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best introduction to python that I've seen. I've completed Codecademy's python courses and attempted to learn from various webpages and books, but it wasn't until this course that I finally understood how python works. Thanks, Dr. Chuck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just starting week 3 and I've already learned a ton about approaching data visualizations while leveraging Tableau. This course does an excellent job of demystifying the beautiful and powerful tool that is Tableau. Even after only a week or so of playing around on Tableau I feel fairly comfortable in using it in my own work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course! Excellent professors, complex subjects but very well presented. The accompanying ebook is indispensible and a great deal for $5. Exam questions are fair. I really enjoyed this process, thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course and great teachers! Have learnt a lot about studying and techniques to succeed. I'd recommend this course to anyone, not only students. It is really helpful to learn really anything.The teachers are very motivating, it is really worth the effort!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a Marketing enthusiast I found this course very interesting and with a refreshing approach to Marketing, namely making bridges to the new digital tools and how they impact on the Marketing Management. Finally I was a septic about e-learning and this course surprise me as it is very engaging and well structured. Congrats to all of the people who develop this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent and pragmatic approach to learning the fundamental facets of python data analysisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great MOOC I really wish we can enjoy more French-oriented courses like this. I did not like that is basically pay-to-learn. Other thant that I loved it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
FUN COURSE WITH GREAT INFOThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor is very informative, and the course material is just excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is good informative course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simply Brilliant Very well presented and really engaging. Thanks for sharing the knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the first course I am taking on Coursera, it is very good, and I would like to see more more courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm pretty good at math without consciously knowing why (I used to assume it a math talent). Now I realize the core function behind learning. And I become more confident to conquer other fields of hard science such as statistics and computer science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Metrics produced a great opportunity to use exercises creating the software metric artifacts, as was done so well in course #4. This would be a significant improvement, and the lack of it was the only reason this didn't get five stars.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is easy and clear. For beginner programmers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative and well laid out. Interesting case studies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course. Gives minute details of the Solid Waste Management!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great insights, very useful contents. The assignments are a good addition to the lectures & quizzes - it makes it more interactive and "forces" you to think about the content more deeply and in relation to your own experiences.Geoffrey (The Netherlands)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
fascinating, up to date, and easy to understand. Presenters are clear and enthusiastic. One of the best courses I've taken.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introduction to machine learning. Covers fair amount of topics in recent machine learning trends.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely useful and as clear and explicit as possible.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction of social marketingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good place to start!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class. Interesting and entertaining. I highly recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro course for beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was too biologically technical, but I loved it. From a marketer's point of view, there was such amazing information on consumer behaviour.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Many great thought-provoking concepts of learning theory introduced here. The course is easy to follow, although the the quizzes sometimes contained questions that didn't seem connected to anything discussed in the videos - but I could have missed something, I suppose. I recommend listening at x1.25 speed because the professor has a very ponderous style of speaking.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a well-made introduction courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Understand the muslims could be the key to a better relationships in the future, every country will chance it´s identity and muslims will fulfill that spaces in societyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting Course, I learnt a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course material. The assignments are interesting and fun to work on. Looking forward to more such courses !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Challenging and helps me learn foundation of Scala and functional programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Even just the first two weeks are worth 5 stars. The math can be intimidating later on. Take what works for you!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great resource on opportunity analysis, what to consider when you have an idea in mind!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course very useful and easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed this course and found it very enlightening.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting and opened my eyes to understanding the world's perspective on some elements of terrorismThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A wonderfully designed course for beginners to music production to underThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best course in getting the basic understanding of AngularJS. I really did get a lot out this course and I would highly recommend anyone for trying to learn angularJs. The organization and the layout of the course and also the professor explanation of the concept are really great!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Teaches you concepts of regression, basics to start of with Machine Learning. Assignments could be slightly modified and applied to many real life problems. If one can find a real time project, and apply the concepts they learn from this course they can make total use of it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content and delivery are both excellent. I would strongly recommend this course to anyone looking to get started in machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro, very basic but good for getting fundamentalsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the challenging assignments! They did their part making us write efficient codes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course! rally gets your brain movingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good tips provided to make sure nothing has been forgotten in your research process.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great opportunity to ensure you really understand the clients needs. Fun exercises and interesting lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good material. I'd prefer the course going without graphlab though. I hope course 5 will be produced one day.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Free is good. The Professor is a little hurried when he speaks, that distract me from the lessons.However, I prefer this online class to the On Campus math classes I have completed at the Oak Harbor Campus of the Skagit Valley College.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You will really learn responsive web design.Great courses, great professors, great assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good to be in healthier side after watching 1 week course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Charles Severance focuses on practical applications with just enough theory. This gives you enough tooling to work independently with web data and doesn't require much time commitment.Thank you to this course's team.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot in this course about all the ways one can find info online about your product/business. Some of the guest lecture videos didn't hold my attention all that well, but I'm glad we had their perspective.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for advance students. A lot of philosophy but a very few maths about finance.It is not a course for every one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nitty gritty of organizing the data in to a form where it can be used for more complex analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredibly interesting and well structured.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I absolutely loved this course and have recommended it to many teachers and other humans too! Great information given in a meaningful but manageable way. Highly recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very useful course which provided a whole new aspect for you to view terrorism at different angles!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent! I gain lots of benefits from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course really help me to use the best tools to learn something newThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course and great teacher!!!! ComplimentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great beginner course to kickstart knowledge to start a healthy eating lifestyle!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sometimes the course doesn't show the complicated example of the assignment. I cannot work them out sometimes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, lots of knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course and think it is a great introduction to data science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple, easy, effective... If you code well in other language, this course will allow you to perform well in Python right away with little effort.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to understand. Great course .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, I like the fact there is lot of exercises and in case someone gets lost there always mentor in discussion forums who is prompt to help. Especially I would like to thank Gerry, always got response from him within half an hour. If only you could add a little bit more material about CSS that would be perfect.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
perfect, thank you for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The peer review has some issues, but overall the course is great.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've only made my way through half of Colleen's courses and i'm already finding myself wishing she taught more of them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course is an eye opener that Nigeria needs Waste Management system that would turn our friends poo and pee into economic benefThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, Nothing better than this to brush up your basic Management skills. in my opinion every manager should enroll for this CourseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice work...python its really cool..thanks dr,chuckThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting to interact with students through the feedbacksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro to the fundamentals.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a walk through most things in Unity3D, knowing Game concepts, and basic components to make a game. I strongly recommend this course to who want to start from scratch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much for this course. Really... very neccesary and important for people who loves music.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great presentation, interesting material. Both fun and enlightening, but there were a few rough edges that could be polished up. Strongly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing and surprising discoveries in this course. I highly recommend it !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, comprehensive and easy to follow. Good examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great. Covers most of the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This phase of course about Python is dificult but amazing and I recomended to everybody start to learn this work. :-DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
if anybody truely wants to learn and use the data structure using python you are at right place, exercise was really very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
one of the best courses I ever learned,each topic explained very thoroughly . I liked the dictionary section and file section very much. guess tuples are easy, but are underdogs, they can be game changers in next lessons . Thank you Dr.ChunkThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course which gives you an idea about how machine learning can be implemented and other dimensions to look into any problem with an automated solution.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best computer programming series I've taken in Coursera so far (I've done principles 1 and algorithm thinking 1 already and in paralell). You can start in this very basic course and end in Algorithm Thinking which is a great course full of insights even for an experienced programmer as I'm (same is valid for the principles of programming, especially regarding the testing assignments) with no previous experience. My nephew is 15 years old and in high school and he is loving this course (having hard time though). To me, this specific course was very basic but as I didn't know anything of Python and as I love games I enjoyed a lot even though I already knew all of the material except for the Python part.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course with good lectures and examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot of useful information in this course--my first on Coursera--and I'm really excited to see how I will apply the things I learned here in real projects. Although I think that it would be beneficial if the course also required us to submit our code (not just watch and read) and also explain github at least a little, I feel that I am well-primed now to acquire more knowledge of how to make apps in the future. I positively adored the instructor (his accent and way of explanation made it so fun). Thanks, Clement!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing. And the most amazing-est is I can come back and check lectures anytime over and over. Love it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked it! It was very informative and I learned a lot. I liked the teachers and how they explained things. I am also glad that it was all free.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Classes are amazing. Exercises could be a little bit tougher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is concise, educative and well taught by the lecturersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy and fun!Look forward to the next course in this specialization !Dr. Chuck is a cool guy!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very interesting course especially for those who confront with difficult subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sets a high bar for online educational content. The instructors clearly know their subject matter, and are serving a public duty by offering this course online.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, very empathetic speaker.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice course. It would have been nice if even the remote storage was added into this curriculum.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excelent and gave me many ideas. thnksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very detailed. Like the case study by Dr. Peng.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
These thoughts aren't new, but they helped me collect my own. I mean how can i improve my work and at the same time do not spend more time for that.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is excellent way of teaching programming, very helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of my favorite ones up to now, long and interesting classes with amazing artists.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great introduction course for people who do not have any knowledge about html and css.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great introduction of the prevalent conditions in Europe and Jewish life in relation to the rise of Nazism. Looking forward to Part II with trepidation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The video speed is way to fast, this woman is speaking really fast, first as i slowed the video down at 75% was its ok.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great learning experience! The content was well designed and examples during the lecture really helped me to understand the theory a lot. The structure of this course was very clear. I have learnt some knowledge on communication before, but this course really helped me to get a better understand on the topic and to reorganized all my knowlege on communication logically. Thanks a lot to all those who contributed to this great MOOC course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is one of the best course i ever had. With the help of this course the new steps and new thinkg has evolve in me. Thanks to Dr. Barbara Oakley and Mr. Terraence Sejnowski for making this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course!! Do help me a lot in study!!! Especially chemistry and mathematics!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course very effective, i liked it very much. it provides an overview of all the major topics of Software Security and more important, gives the knowledge and tools to dive deeply into it by yourself using several grate things this course provides: Reading recommendations before each lesson, VM projects and interesting interviews with experts on each field.The homework were challenging enough and covered pretty much all the topics, and the videos were in high quality and well organized.I strongly recommend this course to any Software developerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course! Andrew NG explains incredibly well what machine learning is all about. I learned a lot of new concepts. This course was a real pleasure to followThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant - would be even better if the grading can somehow be automated in addition to peer review. This way lazy submitters who finish before course completion can also get a grade.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course and I found it useful. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a very good introductory course to CyberSecurity.It covers all main arguments, with a neat overall picture.Highly recommended as first course, then step further with Software Security and Cryptography!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck explains everything in detail and clearly. The textbook is easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting course, very eye opening!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting, the information is very basic so if you already have some knowledge in nutrition it may be a little bit to simple. That's the only reason I put a 4 stars and not a 5, is a great introduction to nutrition.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for the course, the only improvement i could think of is to improve contents for non English speaking people. E.g. You say decimal places, we say numbers after comma.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really informative and ideal for marketing professionals. A great opportunity to learn!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course provides with a very good Introduction to Big data, concepts are clear and the detail provided is a good start point to continue learning about itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is really interesting and usefull. Congratulations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned more than I thought I could and was able to immediately apply the information to my life. The information presented in the lessons were clear and the quizzes helped to reinforce the material. I wish I had taken this class when I was younger.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the course helpful. As an older life long learner, I have had experience in identifying and modifying bad study habit. This course reinforced what I have picked up along the years. I applaud the clarity of the short segments of each lesson and think that this course would be extremely helpful for those of us with poor study habits.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A powerful learning program for everyone. So glad to join and complete this course. This makes study and learning much easier. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I never thought, that we can make use of GIS in many different ways. This course is an eye opener.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very nice course...although i believe it should have had more demos and projectsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. Did a great job of introducing the fundamentals. I loved the practical assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome..Awesome..Awesome..!!Those who are wishing to learn python, this the one of best opportunity. Just grab it :)Lot of Thanks to @CharlesSeverance.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class has been inspirational and informative to me! It gives me strategies and tools to overcome some of the things that have impeded my constant learning. I will keep myself informed of what goes on in relation to learning how to learn. My time in the four-week journey to learning how to learn turns out to be one of the best moments in 2015. I hope that that moment keeps making impacts on my future learning. Thank you so much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
concise, practical and straight forwardThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Insightful and In-depth introductory of the events leading to the catastrophic events of holocausts coupled with engaging quiz. Additional reading supplements were great as well. RecommendedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's well presented and deals with a theme not so easily to deal with. I already read many books on the learning area and I must say that I found many useful informations on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Gives an in-depth explanation about how intents and broadcast receivers work in android.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much two distinguished professors.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought it was a great course. It really prompted me to consider the different aspects of the political landscape and how it will look drastically different in the coming years as my generation enters into the field. I recommend this course as a good starting ground for those wanting to gain more perspective for those considering the public service route.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction for machine learning. Of course, not enough for real application. We get a long way to go.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome! Thanks so much Andrew!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed the course and learned from it. It opened a window to logic and living. It was an exercise in critical thinking which one needs at any age. Also, I now realize that I need to improve my reading skills and plan to do so.I recommend that the course have a sequel. Why not do all of the Republic? Also, it would be helpful if the professor explained not only which quizz answers were wrong but why. We are trying to learn, not only pass the course. This is philosophy, after all. Finally, why do the students in Singapur get two additional weeks? How about us?I am a Colombian. Although I speak and write (sort of) English, it would be great to have Spanish subtitles for the lectures. Unfortunately, the Spanish translations of the dialogues may be a problem. I haven´t found any in Cartagena (my home) or on the internet. I do have La República in Spanish with a translation by José Manuel Pabón and Manuel Fernández-Galiano. However, it's very Spanish (from Spain) and for us it seems stilted. Maybe its like the English translations by Benjamin Jowett. Perhaps the answer is to study ancient Greek. Please let Coursera know.In any case, thanks to Professor Holbo for an outstanding and challenging course.Erik Hoffmanehoffman1@une.net.coCartagena, ColombiaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good content for beginner, lot of learning in machine learning special caret package in R.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very engaging teacher! Excellent course so far.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Introduction. And Prof Winn is SO right. Creating games is hard fun. With this course, you learn much in a short time and come away with a more-than-passing familiarity with both basic game mechanics and Unity3D -- as well as a little C# coding. It IS hard (for a beginner) but it IS fun!! Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, a lot of practical knowledge that really comes in handy in the business development.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very insightful and lively. Learnt basic principles that were well taught and brought together in an entertaining manner. Enjoyed itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro to scala and functional thinking. Excercises are really challenging and solving them is really worth it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Having time left on the last programming assignment in week 4 and not being allowed to complete it was a downer. I'm not sure if this was bug or if I'm missing something. The course was great and challenging. Thank you for preparing, organizing and teaching this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This topic is new for me, therefore some of the topics required supplemental explanations to fully understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good introductory course to Machine Learning that covers many different algorithms for a variety of applications. Not only does it approach the subject in a simple and intuitive way, it also provides very good advice for implementing and running these algorithms. The programming assignments are well done and, through the use of provided code, allow you to glimpse at interesting applications of machine learning without having to spend too much time on boilerplate/preprocessing code.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
thank you very much i did enjoy a lot the all program was relevant to the current situation of the economy i am really great-full for your courses its time for me to do it in practicalThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good opportunity to review and test what you have learned over the specialization.Thanks!.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a course definitely worth taking. I learned alot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course covers up all the basics in the most clear way. Definetely worth the time!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is amazing for beginners. Dr. Chuck makes the material super easy and very approachable. Definitely recommended for anyone who intends to take the first steps on the programming road.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's not a full college microeconomic course. However it's quite well organized and explained so, it does provide soil conceptual grounds for someone who wants to study a more complete Microeconomic course. And just as Prof. Navarro says, economics is not something to be memorized but conceptualized, and he provides a great learning environment to incentivate that process.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was enlightening, to say the least. Dr. Silverman is very knowledgeable in his field and every time he mentioned some artifact in the Penn Museum, it made me more and more interested in visiting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course to be very informative and impacting. Too bad, I could only audit it and not purchase the Course to earn the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really fun, learned a lot about TechnologyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was engaging and informative. Dr. Hare picked a great line of work, as he kind of reminds me of a friendly puppy himself. I look forward to more research from these experiments!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! These skills should be taught at every University. Thank you very much Dr. Oakely and Dr. Sejnowski for allowing me to better myself through this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Chuck is an entertaining, very knowledgeable guy and this course is great. The exercises aren't always as clear as I would like. Maybe more comments in the code presented in the exercises themselves could help clarify. I have and would recommend this course to anyone interested in coding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course a lot. It is interesting and it seems very well organized. It is interactive in a way that challenges you to think and express your own opinion about teaching. That helped me gain a better perspective on language teaching and motivated me as a teacher. I do recommend this course. I am having fun while learning - best combination ever!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's short but packed full of practical knowledge for lay person. The instructor Dr. George was really excellent in the narration, love his modulated voice, and did an excellent role playing. I really enjoyed this course, and loved listening to all the videos. The notes in the videos really help integrate the lectures together. Thank you Dr. George, thank you Coursera. Would take any course presented by Dr. George.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I truely enjoyed to listen to the lectures and to do the assigments.I have learned a lot and I wanted to thank you for this great opportunity- to learn from AndrewSo again, thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This has been very informative and helpful for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course: rather slow-paced but quite in-depth, great pedagogy, various quizzes and little questions in the videos that maintain interest and rhythm throughout the course.The programming assignments are also very well built, allowing people to focus on the core aspects of machine learning by taking care of all the language-specific environment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
found this course by searching in Coursera.met my expectation, especially the first week introduction of incentives, structure, problems, and roles of IT.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great experience for me; to take a class that was challenging, but without any added stress. This professor was a joy to listen to and the class is one I can use both personally & maybe someday, professionally.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear and helpful. Assignment could be more difficultThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
straightforward and easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very high quality MOOC!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An fantastic introduction to philosophy!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course, it gives you the tools to start to build a software product focused on the UserThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course for anyone interested in astronomy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best course in data science out there.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful introduction to machine learning. Instructor emphasizes conceptual understanding of many topics and presents the concepts in a coherent and instructive manner. My only objection is that the course sometimes lacks enough mathematical justification behind some formulas used, but I understand that this is only an introduction so I won't complain too much about that.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very clear and comprehensive, I used a lot in my career .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome !!!!!very logical and to the point with all real life examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting but difficult course and very thorough. All the info anyone who is not a medical doctor will ever need. The teacher is committed, patient, kind and overall excellent.This is a very good course but i personally feel that the lectures should be spread over at least 20 weeks instead of 13. As it is currently taught, the course is placing a lot of stress and pressure on the student to keep up with the pace if the student also has other home or work commitments so it makes it difficult for such an interested student to go into all the depths the course asks for if time is constrained by the pace of the course. I feel that if the course had been taught over 20 weeks at least then i would have had more time each week to go into it in more details.But overall i really enjoyed the lectures, and i know i have learnt all that i will ever want to know about the neurology of the human bodyThank you Dr White and team for all your time and efforts in putting out such a wonderful course. Students like me really do appreciate it allThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting course especially in the context of PakistanThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course, and could easily relate to a lot of the issues discussed. The material is well explained and the supplemental readings are very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very thought-engaging and enjoyable course. I learned a lot about the history and contexts of various Muslim countries, the challenges faced by them as well as the practical challenges that Islamic-based political thought have not demonstrably addressed so far. The instructor is very knowledgeable and well-meaning. I like the course's approach of not so much attempting to answer the questions as just a 'tour guide' and an entry point to the much more complex discussion about the topic. I might not agree with everything in the course, and some of his statements might have made me a bit uncomfortable, but overall this is an engaging and insightful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In learning the precepts of carrying out research and its methods, this course stands me in better stead as a researcher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course. Matthew Yee-King is an excellent lecturer and is very well versed in the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear and focused on the fundamentals and, of course, very fun. Thank you Prof. Yaakov.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting material on the inner workings of the internet and how it came about. Would recommend it to anyone with an interest in computers and networking. Content is very engaging and pitched at a level that even a non computer scientist like myself finds it eThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well-structured course that has finally broken the morbid fear of CSS that has haunted me for the last 15 years! This builds very nicely on the work done in Intro to HTML5 from the same instructor. It doesn't, of course, teach every possible option in CSS3--it would need to be a year long and a lot less interesting to do that--but it does give some tolls which are immediately useful.I welcome the emphasis on standards compliance and accessibility which is all too often ignored.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was a great course.Great insights in how this stuff works.Thank you :-)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well thought and deep course. Highly recommend for novices!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding course! Andrew is an exceptional teacher, making difficult and complex topics easy to understand. The course is very well structured in a way that there are no questions left unanswered and you can have a really in-depth understanding of the topics by just watching the videos and paying close attention. I have a degree in electrical engineering, so it was quite easy to follow the course. But I believe that even people with no programming/engineering/mathematical background would benefit from this course, because Andrew makes it easy to understand the concepts and the algorithms formulations. The programming assignments really provides a good practical approach for all the theory given in the video lectures, and the code templates are very well structured to enable even someone with no background in programming to complete the tasks. The functions used and implemented can then be adapted for implementing your own machine learning problems. Overall, great course, I am very satisfied with it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, however some assignment are really difficult and the forum seems not very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course with amazing teachers .Worth every penny .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, requires much self-initiative because not all useful methods for the assignments are covered in the videos. Sometimes Assignment Questions are not described very clearly.All in all I enjoyed the course very much :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful introduction to data science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course for beginner. well designed tasks for max learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best introductory ML courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is my first week which I've completed already. And as the saying goes, I'm loving it! Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very happy with this course! It was easy to follow with a good mix of theory and examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A thorough academic, philosophical, exploratory & experiential introductory treatise on Tibetan Buddhism that is already proving to be of incredible value to me. I was at first pretty overwhelmed my the sheer volume of lectures on here but when you get into the swing of it it becomes apparent quite early on that the large amount of academic conceptualizations are not the most necessary to become totally au fait with & that these are in fact followed up by a spectrum of other articles which are more philosophical, contextual and relatively up beat, as well as some experiential guided meditations etc.What's become more apparent though is the fantastic faculty behind this & the incredible work being done by them as well as other colleagues in the field. I am extremely impressed by the depth of investigation, research & organization.Extremely glad I took the course & look forward yo the forthcoming ones in the series. Higly recommended for ANYONE with a genuine interest in Buddhist thought.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and would recommend it to anyone interested in evolution or paleontology. The course does an excellent job in picturing one of those truly revolutionary time periods in the history of animal life on Earth. The level of detail, pace, materials and visuals are just perfect. And the presenter does a top-notch job of delivering the material. Thanks to the University of Alberta and the team behind this great MOOC!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well taught Software Processes and practices. I liked the way the course was conducted, the quiz and video lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although some matters are presented quite broadly and generically, some others are exhaustive and of practical usage, especially the ones supported by documents and references: very useful!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another great course offered by Dr. Chuck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course provides an insight into the world of diplomacy with recent examples of failures and successes. I would highly recommend this course to policy makers and also to those seeking to widen their horizons in diplomacy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredibly well structured course, so easy to follow along!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course further enhanced my MS Excel skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The courseware has broken the actual lifecycle of a project in very simple and easy to understand manner .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is pretty lovely and nice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. I thoroughly enjoyed the scientific advancements and studies presented throughout the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a long time frequentist, I occasionally run into problems that are very awkward to fit into the frequentist paradigm. I was aware at a high level that the Bayesian approach could be applied more naturally. Unfortunately, I was unable to "get it" simply be reading a book on the subject. This course made it very approachable. Professor Lee showed us the difficult math (tough integrals) behind it and how we can apply the results of that math in Excel or RThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
some glitches with assignments uploaded on the course, apart from that it is very good for folks who are new to HTML/CSS/JSthanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very clever explanations. I am really getting a nice time whit this mooc!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good starter course for Machine Learning with enough practice examples. It was really helpful for me to understand what ML is and its real time application.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Very helpful with tons of practical tools and information to apply immediately in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a delight. Method of instruction involves a lot of conversation style and group discussion type channels, along with the traditional lectures, and its well thought out, well assembled, well delivered without being very heavy to absorb. Thanks for putting this together.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course! I already had two characters that I had created. This course forced me to actually think about how I am going to implement my characters into their world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course! I wish that Prof Tobias would author a textbook/book following the same subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This helped me remember and understand many grammar topics. It had a lot of very good information.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very detail references!! thumbThe course has short but brief explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I really enjoyed working on the prediction project at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very interesting course outlining the important of good revenue management and flexible pricing to maximize hotel revenue and profits. I would welcome a few more practical exercises DURING the course and not only on the final quiz. Also, it would be good to have the tables and presentations on .pdf or . jpg format as details are not readable behind the presenter. Looking forward to the next course in this specialization, namely Demand Management.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lecturer is both well spoken and knowledgeable, the material is both interesting and very much applicable sound logic!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks from professor Odeh and his colleagues.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
everything is fine but the music before each lecture is so loud and annoyingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Teaches a lot, but is super easy to understand at the same time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was a very good introduction to web programming. While I have dabbled with html in the past, I didn't know anything about semantics, which this course emphasizes. Great course. I'll be starting the CSS course soon. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic teacher, amazingly well-prepared contents. It's incredible that they are doing this for free.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for people with limited notions on economic policymaking. Great to-the-point videos and quizzes that give an excellent picture which perfectly fits today's policymaking frame.After taking this course I think I can fully understand what the newspapers talk about regarding economic policymakingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really like the structure of the course. Even though i had some experience with HTML and CSS before, this course definitely improved my understanding of the subject. I want to say thank you to the teacher, teaching assistants and everyone involved in creating of the course! Great job!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A useful course which introduces key ideas in Approximation Algorithms. Looking forward to part II.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course for those interested in an introduction to classical studies. I studied roman history and latin at high school, and I was eager to learn more about the ancient greeks. This course provided me a great introduction. And it raised my interest in reading ancient greek authors. That was the strongest point for me: no need of animation, I liked the invitation to read ancient texts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful and easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learn a lot about how to get start of design or create a product.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course for students with zero programming experience like me. It won't turn you in into Advanced coder, 'Practice' does that :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a really good course. I would recommend it to everyone interested in materials or engineering. This course helped me get a better understanding of some fundamental concepts of engineering.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Solid class overall, however video lectures do not provide enough background info to complete some of the assignments. Expect to spend much more time than the estimated 30 mins to complete.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent information and presented very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course. Will recommend it to anyone who is serious about learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course, very clear and well put together. If you have some previous coding experience, you might find the pace a bit slow, but the slides are very good also and it's really great that Dr Chuck has made the textbook freely available.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I hope there would be more practiceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course to know the basics of glucose metabolism and insulin action, what changes lead to diabetes and what current treatments exist and what more developments can be made. I learnt a great deal.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must-do course for anyone and everyone. Very inspired by this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great, You can find all you need in this Course about Infographics. Thank you for your providing useful course, especially thanks to Mr. Karl Gude.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a interesting class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with an entertaining lecturerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course! The professor is great, he makes things easy, clear and fun. I will totally recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and understandable, great lecturer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course and well explained tutorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is amazing!!! Just do it! You will learn everything you need about verbs. Don't quit or run with the exercises. Take your time, and like me, you will have your reward! A great thanks to the teachers! They are fantastic! I laughed a lot watching some of the videos! It really works!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class. I like the pace and I am learning a lot of useful ways to use python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good structure. Interactive. And right example. However some comments : Valerie uses a lot the word to focus and ignore the potential of the diffuse mode of the brain to enhance creativity. And also Valery, really, I don't care about what shirt you are wearing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice and coherent overview of DT approach. I highly recommend committing few hours to this course and gaining valuable insightsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has given me super information on how to become a better learner. Moreover, it has taught me that blindly following my passions isn't enough - I have to learn how to broaden them as well. Equipped with many tips and tools, I now feel confident to face challenging subjects with excitement rather than dread. Highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and simple. I love all the recipes and I can't wait to try all of them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Couldn't recommend it enough. Has the potential to be life changing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course to understand how well we can make use of various techniques, avoid obstacles to learn any topic. It also deals with the power of human brain. surely these techniques will help build the self-confidence of an individual when they are able to concentrate and make the best use of the mental agility.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helps your game go from concept to reality. It pushed me to get a digital prototype made and ready to demo. Great depth of information related to game design and the gaming industry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed how concise the videos were, there was a lot of information per unit of time, and it was challenging, but not too much so.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The material is interesting, if not all that novel, but the professor is incredibly repetitive and boring to listen to...to the point where the lectures were almost redundant, and if the content had not been so interesting to me I would have greatly disliked itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Way of teaching style is awesome...super assignments and interactive videos and professors are also well knowledgeable. The professors teaches in this way, student can easily understand the concept...Thanks to this University...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course from Professor Robert Sedgewick. Strongly recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, very informative and well organized.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learnt (and am still learning) so many helpful techniques in this course. More importantly, I understand why they are important. I have made so many of the common learning mistakes they describe but feel confident I can overcome them for present and future learning. Barbara and Terrence are fabulous facilitators. Wonderful course. Highly recommended to anyone at any stage of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for those of you who want to know the very inner workings of encryption, how it works and why we use it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Every concept is taught excellently by providing examples. Just loved it!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love the way the slides and material is available.The examples of Design Thinking helped me understand more of every step.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some problems with downloads and to view videos on the mobile app (Android), with some videos recorded with a low volume.Despite that interesting and I think would need more time to get deeper in the concepts showed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If only it was a week longer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is great for anyone who is doing animal healthcare or any related field. It gives good principles of what is proper welfare and also the issues of negative or debative welfare. They also talk about how welfare is applied in certain countries to give realistic perspectives and thought of how the world conducts it's business in the world of animal livestock farming, or wildlife captivity. It's a real eye opener and I'd recommend people who are just generally animal lovers, professional or not, to take this course. I absolutely enjoyed it and learned new things from it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the few online courses which is very much organised to understand. It is a great course indeed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course itself was great. The only thing lacking is that all the assignments were reviewed only by peers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
relatively easy but still excellent for the beginner!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is great to hear fro you. good job!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course was great, except for two things. one it was too short :-), and two, the peer graded projects were confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Often positivity is seen as a "kumbaya" thing. Having science support for some facts is great for me since I often need the facts.But this course goes beyond that, offering some tools to increase positive emotions in your life. I highly recommend itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It takes a score of 100%, not handed me the certificate, I request deliver me to prove my studyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class, easy to understand and resourse can be downloaded.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i love this course very much, thanks all!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was very enjoyable course thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course!!Definitely urging me to pursue more Astrobiology courses!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great course and Gary Buton is amazing. It also has some insights about improvization and music that are very deep.However, It suits mostly to piano players and not guitar players (I play both) and it will be naive to believe that after that course one should know how to improvise. even with years of practice, it will not happen. this course is a marketing material of Berklee and I must say I does make you want to go there for the whole package, anyway, do not develop expectation regarding your future as an improvisor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So far, I have been enjoying this course and I don't regret taking it. This course has helped me learning a lot of skills in Guitar. It's a course that anyone should take to know better about Guitar and the lecturer is friendly and understandably good. I know more, I learn more, and I love it more!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me a lot to learn about coding based on different browsers etc. HTML5 is required for any front-end based jobs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Assignment time estimations were way off in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course, it is really helpful! The teachers are awesome!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think its been amazing learning about ZMOT and the funnel, the ways the markets form itself, the moment of truth is really so great explained, Kevin Harman did a great job, i love all the course, and i would totally recommend it and continue this way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot! Professor is very clear in explaining difficult concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Functional programming and Scala.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the lesson is very interesting.let us know many knowledge about the diet and health. It is very wonderful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lovely course, essential to anyone studying, or even trying to get the most out of life. A great 1st choice to accompany you with any other courses!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Interesting so far, great profesorsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A 5 star sequel not easy to achieve, brilliant effort again thanks ScottThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic Tutor. Easy to understandThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Teacher was good, but the hand in assignments were much too simple. They didn't challenge me, and I didn't really get to practice the new things we've learned. All assignments were just about copy/paste 3-4 lines in existing code, and make a minor change to it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great class and teaches me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a really good introduction into Python. I started this course with almost zero programming experience. The course is elaborate and easy to follow with good examples, and the teacher has a good sense of humor which makes the lectures more fun. I will definitely do the rest of the specialization courses!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Short, but informative course. Great for working professionals.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a very explanatory course about Python for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very challenging particularly as the modules unfold but the lectures and readings are good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is simply amazing, all the content from the video lessons, through the quizzes and the programming exercises are really well done, and also, there are really good mentors helping on the Discussion areas. If one with the will to really dive into these complex things to extract knowledge, I assure you, you will. The course is well made, but doesn't mean it's easy. I questioned myself through a lot of times in the beginning if I really was capable of learning all of this stuff. But I didn't give up, and well, this might be one of the most important decisions I've made in my life. This course aroused in me the passion to carry this knowledge, and keep improving it through my career.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with lots of intersting insights into how the brain works and how to work in a more efficient way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for giving me excellent information on oil & gas industry operations.It is very helpful course for me. Thank you Duke university and coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy class with a lot of fun.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
At this point, I think that the course is good, however there should be more reviews. Three reviews of people who is also learning is not enough, in my opinion. I have received some comments like 'some sentences are not good'. Which tells me absolutely nothing. I think people should be encouraged to exemplify what they mean ,to take the sentences that they believe that are wrong, and extend why.For the rest, the course is very good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Organized material, simple examples with on screen flow charts to explain the logic of any given concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck is a wonderful teacher. His delivery is superlative. Love the choice of videos too. They really add to the experience. I bought the course book and found it to be very helpful. Thank you Dr. Chuck and Go Blue!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course! Very enlightening. It taught me a lot about reading poetry that I didn't know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved this course. It was a lot of fun. The Prof. really cares about the subject and how his students contribute to his own understanding of it. (He takes a lot of time reading students' comments and replying to them during "office hours.") He also reaches out to experts in both psychology and Buddhism and shows you his dialogue with them. Finally, the guiding questions for the assignments are a good challenge and the instructions for structuring the paper very clear. I didn't have time to write the papers but will as soon as I've the time. Bonus: you get to meet his dogs, and they're awesome.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. Thanks, Vijay. I watched your video and did a few lessons. My focus was the difference between airborne formation flying as applied to satellites.-Byron KnightThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
loved the pace and check in quizzes. like a classroomThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck is the best tutor!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In general, this course is very nice and informative but the recipes should mention cooking time. Also, I find it a bit scary that the author doesn't make her own chicken broth a processed one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
After all these years I can understand TCP/IP layers and public/private key encryption. It was easy with Dr Chuck!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the second course of the Python specialization and brings everything you needed to know about basic Python programming, the teacher is fun and knows the material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, well-paced course. It will help you grasp the complexity of the structural issues that triggered the Global Financial Crisis, which rocked the world. I would suggest you complement it by reading some of the many books that have been written about it, say, "Too Big to Fail" (Andrew Ross Sorkin), "The Big Short" (Michael Lewis) and, of course, "Stress Test" (Timothy Geithner).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This series is a fantastic course in web developement using meteor, jquery, bootstrap, mongo!!. I learnt a lot about how websocket tech worksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing introduction to game development on Unity. The course used the latest build on Unity and taught me enough to feel confident experimenting with game development on my own. The videos are clear, concise, and valuable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I was looking for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is suitable for any programmers even you only have very basic knowledge on Javascript and no experience on Web development, professor is teaching the Node.js in a very clear structure so it is easy for any learners to understand.I would give 5 stars but the contents of this courses are too basic, I am hoping we can dig into a little bit the details instead of just installing and using the existing components.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent teaching of a very interesting subject! I experienced some technical problems with the camera authentication (which I believe is unnecessary) but even attending only the video lectures, the course is excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well defined learning path to understand the fundation of machine learning techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You'll be surprised by the importance of this class...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lot's of interesting background to language teaching and learning. The material is presented clearly although the instructor may not be to all students' taste. Keep going, however, as the later courses are even better!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A nice quick introduction to game development and to Unity 3D framework.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful introduction to the topic! This is a course accessible for all, but at the same time it is very rich in the information supplied.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a very interesting course! Well-structure and nice to attend! I learned a lot of new things and I also had some ideas for using Art and Inquiry in my classroom! Thank you MoMaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
No doubt that this is the best course I've ever taken via online. If you want to build up the basic knowledge or recheck your knowledge, this can be your best chance!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is quite interesting for people who want to understand the development of the biggest network in the world - the Internet, understand the basics of network-related technology, and security techniques for digital transaction. However, the review questions are fairly easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course for who wants to learn the matlab programming language from the basics. The homework problems are very challenging and the video material are well organized.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content for learning how to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The presenter is very knowledgeable and very pleasant. Also the content of the course is an unique find and of a great value!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course to begging with databases using pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good, enjoyable course with some interesting additional reading. I think I would have preferred a little more detail/content to have given it a full five stars. That said...I am very happy to have taken and passed the course. Thank you all involved. Now on to 'Managing Data Analysis'!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was great! A great start.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is great for getting an overview of business growth strategy. If I had a recommendation to even improve the course further, it would be helpful to receive a bit more details on the concepts introduced.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course gives an overall good introduction to epidemiology applied to public health. The classes are well structured and the basic concepts are cleary explained, providing a more pratical insight on the uses and importance of clinical and epidemiological studies to public health. In my opinion, the course fill its purpose which is to give an basic introduction to epidemiology.However, considering its six weeks long duration, I think that it may be suitable to add facultative activities (videos or even supplemental material) to provide those who want to go deeper a more complete learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I hope that this course could be free because I can't afford 69 dollars for thThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The professor teach this course very wellThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love it very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is (as stated) suitable for beginners on the subject. It gives a very good introduction to it, and helps people learn more about what the data science is all about, how it works and which tools are usedby data scientists.This course helped me to determine if the path I was thinking of taking as a career options is really interesting for me at this point.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its very nice course for gisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an amazing introduction to a newbie. Concepts were being cleared and there was book to read and understand about the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very good. Some strong take aways. Pomodoro, Diffused and focused mode. Spaced learning and Illusion of competence.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed talking this course and it was a in-depth course on cryptocurrency. I loved the course thanks to courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Socially relevant philosophy and psychology: great material! Crystal clear! Everyone should watch this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This facinating class has already improved how much I retain from other classes I'm taking. I now better understand my ability to remember things, and I am thrilled with the results of using the mental tools that it teaches.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a good overview of R!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a brilliant course. The information is presented in a structured and clear manner. The assignments are very interesting and really test your logical thinking.I am looking forward to studying the second part.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, taught by excellent instructions. This is the only class I have taken that is talked about positively in other classes. If your looking for a great class, and learn something that will benefit you down the road of life, then invest some time and take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved the course and learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Lots of usefull information. I used it to refresh concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an amazing rideThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course, very practical and cool!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very helpful course totry and make a websiteThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good intro to sql language and retrieving GeoData. It's really easy data management with python and sqlite and manage jason format data. Geolocation is a very good exampleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The swirl exercises are very good. The assignments are quite challenging but enjoyable. The last one took me > 9 hrs. I would suggest to first give a sample assignment. And then in the theory discuss the tools for that assignment. And then give the assignment. The theory is a lot of explanation - which I am battling to "hook" onto something. Why - because I had not been exposed to an application opportunity. The text in the slides are too small to view on a phone. Overall I feel proud to have completed the course and it gives me confidence to attempt problems with R.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course materials and lectures are excellentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although the instructor is very good, it would be nice to have a direct link to more references that explains the basics without skipping certain steps that a beginner may find difficult. The course is pretty good and if the student is proactive he/she will find a way to self-learn those missing steps :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome courseone will learn tech as well as bit of theory.Will help devs a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful. I'm loving itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a very good course for the ones beginning and interested to grasp the basic as well as advanced concepts of machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very moving and presents a lot of good information on the basic issues transgender people face.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It has a lot of information about web in general. Dr Severance is fun to listen to and definitely not boring.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is one of the most inspiring and enjoyable courses I took. I really enjoyed doing all the programming assignments and hope that the knowledge and techniques that I learned will help me in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course is easy, but that's fine. Dr. Chuck explains and shows everything in an easy to understand way, and I know that I came away from this course with a ton of new ideas of what I can do.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Teacher and Assignment problems. Learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice introduction for css and htmlThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro into programming; easy to follow up and very well explained.I'm a 8 year programmer and I loved the way these classes was given. Teacher is very clear and concise and speak in a fun way wich makes it good to learn the basics (the hardest part for someone who doesn't know anything about programming, in my opninion)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
lectures of stanford open courseware are much more difficultThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptionally interesting, well-structured.A great starting point, allowing you to develop your own models quickly.Highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for learning CSSThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful tools for inferenceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very important and good course for lifeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to linear regression. The quizzes are moderately difficult, and can be somewhat time consuming. There is a lot of depth to this topic, and tho this course touches on a lot of it, it won't be enough to get a very thorough understanding. In general I'm really glad I took this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Introductory Course to VC. Mr. Xu, together with other teachers in this course, explains everything clearly. Strongly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good initiation for those who want to begin in data science experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Straight forward and explicit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Mehrling is fantastic. I found this course supremely interesting, and I learned an incredible amount from it. I would venture to say that most have not taken an economics course like this one before. This definitely felt like a real college course.. 13 weeks of lecture, 2.5-3 hours of lecture each week. I believe Professor Mehrling said in-class that the two prerequisites for this course (for Columbia University students, not Coursera users) are Intermediate Micro and Intermediate Macro, so the course is definitely fairly high-level. To put it into perspective, I was an Accounting/Finance major with Econ minor and have CPA/CFA. So while not "trained" in economics, I've had a fair amount of exposure, but I definitely felt intellectually challenged and frequently had to relisten to parts of lectures. Definitely recommend this course! Learned something every minute of every lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very thorough and well taught course. Thank you very much and congratulations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great for beginners. Would be better if assignments were more challenging. Really had fun while learning :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, interesting and didactic!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A classic amongst MOOCs! I recommend buying the suggested book by Devlin.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I highly recommend this course. I learned a great deal about Jefferson.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course if you are thinking of teaching or if you're learning another language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
That's couse is amazzing, because I'd knew something but I'm being more stange my knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I get many opportunity according to this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such a great and intersting course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A lot of information in a short period but well done, I enjoyed the experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very intense course, where a lot of concepts are introduced. In order for all the new information to be metabolized, it took me much more than four weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Ng has done a great job on this course, and the supporting resources (including the discussion forum posts from the course mentors) filled in any gaps I encountered. This was a much gentler introduction to machine learning than some of the other tutorials and books I've tried, yet it was still thorough. I gained a solid foundation from which I will have a much easier time understanding more advanced resources.I have some linear algebra background and a lot of programming background, and I felt that the assignments were quite easy. However, I still felt that I learned a great deal in the process of doing them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Content and Clear explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Concise and to the point. The initial evaluation was precise.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was really interesting, thus very kind speaking. thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an outstanding course due to Mr. Biss' extensive knowledge and passion for the Beethoven sonatas. I can only dream that someday he'll conduct a course on the Beethoven piano concertos too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an excellent course. The material was relevant, the assignments were meaningful, and the instructor was effective and motivating. I highly recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I believe the final assignment should be a Business Plan for a Game Developer Company. It would sum up all that we learned throughout the course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very nice course, except that the course is a bit slowThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great course! Quite practical and useful! Thanks to Andrew Ng my 10-months old son got to know of machine learning :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to have a head start. Instructor is great and the course is well designed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really digestible and engagingly presented.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am very attached to this Course & would find it extremely difficult not having an affective reaction to it. This is the second time I have audited this Course & hope to audit it each time it is available. Dr. Wright is a wonderful teacher & presents some very difficult concepts in very clear, concise, understandable language. Thank you so very much for this Course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
THIS IS A FANTASTIC COURSE!!!I can't believe the secrets these persons gave here, are so simple and unknown.THANK YOU REALLY! You have changed me, and I am sure you changed the other persons who studied here.Greetings, and God bless you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The content of this course is fantastic, if you read the textbook with it. It would be 5 stars, but there are a number of glitches in the quizzes and exams. Information about the textbook and quiz issues can be found in the first post on the discussion board.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent teaching and materialThanks ScottThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class was a huge challenge for me, but it pushed me to learn a whole lot and practice many of the skills that I had learned in previous courses! I had a lot of fun, too. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An awesome course that is not only concerned about how to use state-of-art algorithms to everyday problems (that is important, of course) but also in teaching how to implement them from scratch! I really find this facet of this course appealing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well presented and with clear guidelines. Also, a master course in presentations by itself.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and insightful. I was able to use my learning from this course to my new job as a UX engineer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introductory course that covered a lot of conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Well worth the effort Looking forward to Part III.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course that helped me understand how applications exchange information(using XML and JSON) and how we can write python scripts to retrieve such information from web applications , parse and analyse the data and apply our logic on top of themThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its just awesome and have covered all that i need to know to continue designing my ow website.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love how clear the videos (and notes) are and re-watching them really helped a lot! I wish there was more discussion on the forms though!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for high school students and for non -computer branch graduatesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course rates above any other course you can imagine.Since this is your first step to learn "How to learn".Everything becomes easier after knowing this.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course if you want to learn machin learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course for everyone who wants to learn database management.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very handy for if you are trying to get a job!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A nice continuation to course 1 of this specialization, deeper dive into RoR, among other things you will learn how to manipulate/display database data and how to authenticate/authorize users!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course overall. Dr. Chuck is great - very interesting to following during the video lectures. The quizzes and exercises are all challenging but not to the point where you cannot figure out what to do.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun Course and very interesting!! Well worth the time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good background for non-experts but just an introductory course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am entering public health from another educational background. I plan to take the graduate course in epidemiology next spring when it is offered. This has given me a very helpful introduction to the field, as well as a review of statistics I learned in the past and different ways than I have used to analyze data. Thank you for making this available.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course ! Lectures are entertaining and has a lot of real life examples. I recommend it to anyone who is keen on learning new things and wants to learn in non academic environment (eg. at home).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This has been an amazing course for me. It really enriched my understanding about modern art, and it introduced me to so many pieces of work and artists that I did not previously know about. I absolutely loved the videos and visuals, and the input of people who actually work MoMA. It also made me see abstract and surreal art in a different light. While previously I would have shrugged off abstract and surreal art as being too esoteric for its own good, I was able to understand the concept of surrealism a lot better through this course. I also really appreciated the reading materials for this course, and how precise yet detailed they were. Doing this course has helped me have a multifaceted view of different kinds of art, and I am incredibly grateful for having had this opportunity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great plate do start with CSS. Congrats to all envolved.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful. My poor dog...he is having daily fun as i test him emotionally and cognitively.....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction. Clear, well-paced introduction. Recommended for busy executives looking for an intro.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really helpful contents.. Presentations with examples are awesome.....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learnt a lot . I am most appreciative of reviewers who spent a great deal of time reading my work, and leaving constructive comments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall good course. Videos need to be recorded in HD, and some of the later videos need to be re-recorded. The audio feedback is not good and makes it distracting and difficult to watch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Yes this was very basic course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very intuitive and technical as necessary for a beginner's course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course. I learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is well structured course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a little bit hard for the newbie of astronomy. But I do learn a lot from your course. It is quite interesting. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content was nice, lessons fast maybe too short but nice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I hope I'll finish it and get the certificate ^_^The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Can't wait to start the next one!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I plan to utilize all of the advice provided in this course. Influencing people is a priThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helps you to establish a preliminary understanding of the Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class. Video lectures are very accessible and good content.The automatic parser is a pain, and can be improved. I spent a lot of time to get code that was working and giving the correct output to pass the tests.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really pragmatic! I have started to use it in my business and hope to get a good result!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course content is awesome, and lectures are easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the way the course was designed. It was easy to follow and understand each lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course and the way Coursera force us (in the good way) to learn. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The teacher is engaging and gives real life examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
amazing course , really enjoying this !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing Course! Great influential instructors. Very good training content!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was enjoyable and challenging. Early lessons cover historical ciphers, along with some fun programming challenges to attack them.Later lessons dive into modern cryptography. This is more challenging and you will need to study some number theory if you have not done so previously. I ended up buying Prof Katz' book and also Concrete Mathematics to fully get my head around the subject matter. The treatment is not superficial.This is where I dropped one star from the review - I thought that the course could have done a better job of covering the theory in this space, or at least pointing to sources to study it, or mentioning it as a pre-requisite.I also thought that the course could have done a better job of describing how all the pieces come together - the discussion is there, but it is light and somewhat assumed you will get it. The only thorough discussion is specifically for SSL / TLS late in the lecture series.Overall, a good and challenging course. This is not an easy MOOC - so only take it if you are interested in a challenge and don't mind extra study time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic class!!Very engaging and practical. The instructor is easy to understand and takes you through the course with simple narratives but very technical at the same time.I wish the course will link up graduates with ongoing projects for cementing the knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course as the best to start in Machine Learning frield very informative and well structredThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
After I've completed this wonderful course, I really find it is a rewarding journey for you to do.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like it very much. It's fun and easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Has helped me in focusing more effectively and picking skills up easily. Hope I had access to it before while I was struggling in high school.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is really helpful the explanation is more than great I think it is going to be beneficial for all electric related departments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative! Excellent links to reading resources. Would highly recommend the course to anyone with an interest in photography.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is one of the best MOOCs I've participated in. The lectures are engaging and the student community is vibrant! If you plan to improve your knowledge about the beauty of Languages - Go for it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Found it really helpful. Good for those who are confused using css .Puts a solid foundation on basic concepts. Thus making the user clear about the rest of it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent introduction to the principles of graphic design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course. It covers how data helps in taking decisions. It also talks about group decision making and gives the pros and cons of each of the methods and finally it explains how to manage change in an organization. All in all a great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is one of the best online-course ever!!!! Why? The learning process is something that nobody can escapes: from passing school exams, driving lesson, learn to cook for your family, evolve in your career, ... in this fast world, the on-going learning process is a must have skills to succeed in this high competitive and ever changing society. This wonderful and motivating course, help me to gain in confidence regarding my learning process and it helps me a lot to win time by finding the right system = to improve my learning. Their awesome sharing technics, priceless advices and real life situation (interviews) turn this course into a must have class to follow. Thank you a million for helping me to improve my journey and knowledge!!!! Flawless 5 Star!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed taking this course. It was my first touch with Html, CSS and Javascript... and I can say that I learnt a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
AWESOME course for Korean learning i want more this type of course for learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course with very interesting details and good tips.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course focuses a lot on local site optimization and how to proceed SEO projects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i love learning about learning. ^^ this course helps me understand more about my brain and take up a habit to start learning new things everyday. Thanks so much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. Much more challenging than I expected. Definitely helped me become a better programmer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice learning experience. Dr. Chuck is awesome lecturerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I joined late, much too late to participate in many of the assignments with my busy schedule, but I took notes and read all the required reading. From this course I will take into my writing new, helpful skills. My favorite lesson was setting and description where I learned that the environment should not be described frivolously, but through the emotions and opinions of the character(s) who observe them. Thank you very much for your lessons, Amity Gaige, I'm now not as terrible as I was when I first started.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful insight into theory of entrepreneurshipThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very fascinating lectures on psychology that helps you understand how your mind (and other people's mind) works.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course involved challenging assignments and very interesting lessons. I thought the course was well thought out and would recommend it to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Don't walk, run to your PwC laptop and take this course pronto!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was my first course in machine learning and I definitely recommend others to do the same. The course covers broad range of topics in machine learning and can be used as very good foundation for more advanced topics such as: computer vision, neural networks etc.Andrew Ng is very gifted lecturer and can make the learning experience very pleasant.Hopefully I'll be able to take more of his classes in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was pretty basic, but great and very interesting!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content and delivered well. Kudos Prof Raj and teamThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It would be better if I get this course earlierThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is Must do course for all to understand how well we can harness the power of brain to learn better and effectively any subjects.They have given lots of practical and interesting suggestions to improve our learning. They are so simple techniques that we do sometime unknowingly or saw someone doing it, but we ignore it most of the time.Now that we can see what they do actually to our learning , we ca kind of hack the mid to learn the stuff we need.I am still doing the course and finding it interesting .. i will surely recommend it to others .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's very interesting course and it simply explains you the goals of sustainable development by mentioning the problems that the 3rd world countries are facing !!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and very useful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for this course, professor Kuhar. I really appreciate the organization and the contents. I appreciate your deeply interest for this subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to refresh the English Grammar and its Punctuation. An overview to students who want to understand the fundamentals of the English Language and utilize the content as a reference for upcoming studies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's very helpful. It seems like they've planned each detail!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very dense. The videos are short and to the point, making it a great overall review of the material, or very easy to review the challenging portions if it's your first time being introduced to it.The explanations are very clear, and assume no previous knowledge or subject-specific vocabulary. The illustrations help a great deal with my ability to stay focused, and the digestibility of the content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, with a lot of useful information, structured in an easy-to-learn way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great tutorial on using machine learning tools and a very basic intro into machine learning concepts. Doesn't go into how they work at all which is what the other courses are for.Given its basically a tutorial for graphlab create (awesome but commercial software) it would be nice if it also covered pandas directly also. If people are really expecting to head into this field they are likely at some point going to have to use the cheaper tools.It would be great if this module was optional for the larger machine learning certificate. That said I found this class was valuable in preparing me for the next courses in that it got me familiar with the tools and the rhythm of the quizes and assignments. Someone more studious or smarter than me may find this course less valuable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course...really enjoyed learning about healthy eating alternatives for children and how to involve them in the process of cooking. The class got me motivated to practice these great habits with my family. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative. Loved the professor's tone and delivery of the lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the final exam waaaay tooo easy!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun, informative course that doesn't take too much time. I would suggest it for people who are new to learning Philosophy, because it may be too simple for people with a decent knowledge of philosophy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Several problems with the student assessment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful course. A bit slow for people who has some computing background. But definitely recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course.. I have referred this website to my friends to do certification. Thanks courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a college level academic English teacher, I've learned quite a lot from Tamy's lessons. Tamy's instructions are very clear, systematic, and effective. This course can be a very valuable supplementary resource for EAP students' self-study. I will definitely recommend this course to my students. Thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course even for non-english speakersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and teacher. Congratulations!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm not done yet, but this course is amazing.The instructions are well presented, the teacher paces the class properly and I'm actually learning useful information that will help me on my journey to become a 3D developer!Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a nice experience to learn the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Detailed content on the graph data structure.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, every CS student should take.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course gave some very good and useful insights on negotiation and its tactThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
well structured course with illustrationsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is one of the latest programming languageThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course on Python DS. Very clear and appropriate for beginners and intermediate python programmers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for learning the key basics to being able to interact with web objects.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! just it misses some of the basics. Fortunately I already knew how to read a pentagram and note lengths so it was OK for me, but the "True" beginners had a little bit of an issue with time lengths at firstThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course. I found the quizzes hard, but persevered, and managed to pass with 84.5%The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and teacher! Congratulations!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course! Everybody should take it before trying to follow any other course!Interesting and useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is quite good for a start upThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best R-coursera course. This course elevate my experiences on advanced data manipulation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent programme. Basic introduction of concepts like Gross Domestic Product and Purchasing Power Parity, presented in a relaxed way along with video footage.Definitely worth your time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introductory course which will give you a solid basis to continue exploring the subject. The lectures are well structured and paced. It includes "real life" examples of how to implement the theory you just learned.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredible course. Very enganging, easy to comprehend, the essays are enjoyable. Faultless course, I would highly recommend it for anyone, it gives a very broad perspective of undersanding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Many thanks for this course. I take a lot of information about business and enterpreneurship.Best regardsDenis VaschukThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
amazing course with clear explanationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very fun as an intro to Unity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was great! I am lookingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent lectures. Teaches simple yet important points. Does not inundate the learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Useful update for old students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must if you are in the path of learning ;)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Loved it. Wish the team all the very best.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, but I think It could be more vivid like its predecessorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
That was a great experience!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course is more then just usefull. this course help me to love study again. I also like the way barbara shows the information and her voice. She is the great teacher i guess.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good base formation for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Not easy for new learnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very nice introduction to the R programming environment. I learned a lot and it was fun to do!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked all coursers and this is the best to!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very helpful to now about sustainable developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I learnt a lot about data structures and Java in general.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A really usefull course.We learn a TON of things that we can apply in our everyday life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course in ML, big thanks to Andrew NG for so much efforts to make us understand. Trust me if you havent passed this course, you are not fit to be an ML Engineer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought this was a great prerequisite! Very valuable to know as an effective data analyst.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great to have the basis of Strategic Management. Looking forward to the other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course, great assignments, great teacher!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this class. It teaches much better than the game theory I tookThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thankyou Prof. Andrew Ng for your lectures. I learned a lot. The lectures are really good for a kickstart in machine learning for a beginner. Great Course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Great explanations! Great examples! Great assignments!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It helped me to unlock my potential of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It helped me to refresh the skills and gain more "right" ones.It is not important what you know, but it is important when you know it. ;)Thank you for the great introduction to basics of HTML/CSS/JS, very useful!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exciting course! Astonishing work to develop all videos and prepared files and guidelines for programming exercices.Andrew Ng make concepts very accessible and very illustrated. The real life exercices immediately give ideas of implementations. We have quickly hands-on thanks to exercices. The diversity of covered fields through the examples taken is quite impressive and useful.I found the difficulty of exercices very subtly tuned to develop really interesting tools thanks to the pre-written codes. These codes also give opportunities to exploit further Octave/Matlab capabilities.I deeply thank the team for granting us access to a such high quality content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wow! Great and accessible introduction to HW security.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice to get this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful topics...Best xml and json parsing lectures ever.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It could have much better design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course. Comprehensive content. Great lecturer. Proper labs. I like how this course does not just let you wade through learning GIS, because the technical level is high. You'll be a pro after going through all these coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to what comics are all about.Could be even greater if the famous artists that were interviewed actually demonstrated how they went about their work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is enlightening . I learned things about how my own brain works that I would have never come up with on my own. I imagine tha I will benefit greatly from this course in my further studying.I recommend this course for anyone who ahs issues with test taking or wants to get even better results on their test taking.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course because it gives a basic knowledge of Chinese medicine. It enhances my understanding towards the complex concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall course was good. I think there is a bit of a gap in terms of helping providing additional understanding of application of some the concepts in context of a solution. I think the course does a good job explaining the concept, but I feel the course could use some additional examples of application of the concepts to help facilitate the programming assignments. The Swirl exercise are good...but almost seem to rudimentary.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome information and couldn't be delivered any better!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful but less mathematic knowledge is taught, basicly a good applied technic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course for everyone . From high school students to Postgrads ,alongwith the parents and teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well thought class for me. I really enjoyed coming back every time I had a class to do.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was very productive in terms that it gave some strong basis of what coding is. I was an absolutely beginner before taking this course. Special thanks to professor Charles Severance because his energy is contagious.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Truly amazing !!Learned a lot in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The teacher is so bad, I think Vietnamese teacher can teach better than her!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course.. Highly recommend to learn about care giver landscape and vocabulary. I especially enjoyed the CEO assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an eye opener. I learnt a lot about memory. I also discovered a number of new movies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The videos went a bit fast for me and the course tried to cover too many things in each video in my opinion, but overall it was a good introduction to Korean! The lecture notes were very helpful--I recommend printing them off and using them to follow along with the lecture videos.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The pace works for me. The course materials are what I am looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best ML resource that ever existed!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, mind blowing course!!! I really liked it!!!And congratulations for the professor!! I love the way you present those complex concepts in such an easy way! Thanks!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to learn and catch up for those with a computer science background, informative and useful for those who don't have much of programming experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although I really liked this course (not having paid for it, just watching the videos and the discussions), I think you guys make way too much emphasis on child psychology. Not that this is a bad thing, I actually loved the way you approached the problem of how popularity and its conceptions changes over age, I think you could add some other examples of popularity in adulthood. I would love to see how this conception of popularity affects the workplace, peer relations and romantic relationships further in adulthood.Thanks, a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is true that there is a broad applicability of the concepts presented in the videos. Using scientific data and concrete examples to illustrate points, the instructors truly delivered.As a medical student, I find this course really worth investing into. I still am amazed of the things I've learned about learning. I am surprised at how much time and energy I've wasted before studying inefficiently. No wonder I'm burned out time and again. It was delightful embarking on this ship. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect Starting point to Ableton Live!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Too focus on taking testsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course! Gives you the basic foundations you need for the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Great teacher !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very instructive and gives important ideas on hands-on and affordable waste management treatment approachesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great lectures, the only problem is I could not find the entrance of forum. I want to discuss some topics with other learners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks Charles Severance please keep going with such amazing Courses. What you do is priceless.print ('You are the best')One pythonicThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introductory course.It gets you up and running and ready to face tons of practical problems.Its a pity there is not a following course covering more of Unsupervised Learning and Reinforcement Learning. Andrew please!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for the course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great introduction to HTML and CSS.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very a nice course from my point of view. Teaching standard is good and the way classes have been distinguished become helpful to learn the core concept behind the Arduino.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very complete course and the teacher is a good one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
one of the best teacher that i have ever seen in my life, accessible and understandablematerials. In short, the best!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good to know the basicsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant course. Superbly assembled and presented material. And I love the prof's wry sense of humour!I've been wanting to learn about this subject for many years. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is really helpful course. If you have already some knowledge on grammar and punctuation, but you are not sure about it yourself, you should take this course. You will have more confidence when you write in English.Thank Coursera for this course. I really enjoyed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I hadn't touched math in any real way in years and this was a great re-introduction. The videos were fun and engaging, and while the material was challenging, I felt I got a lot out of it. I highly recommend it for people who need statistics for their work or for a degree program but who are feeling a little intimidated by it.As far as feedback goes, I would have liked to get explanations for quiz questions I couldn't answer. I wish there was a way to say, "This is the quiz score I'd like to accept; now please explain to me the ones I missed." The lack of feedback on the quizzes was frustrating at times.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very throroughfull classgreat material designThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My favourite course. Philip Zelikow is the best!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with useful information about learning, very well structured and clear. I took a lot from this course. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Covers theory and its application in a very straight forward and clear way. Enjoyable way to learn very practical skills everyone can apply to their lives.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was really new - thank you all!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course to take before starting any online college program. Going online for college is great with this experience!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a good course, however it is less demanding that the one I had in the second year of my engineering education in the 1950s.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
With consistent effort, I have found this course to re-ignite my passion for mathematics. Keith Devlin, the instructor, does an excellent job of helping us to develop our ability to think in mathematical and logical ways. In short, I have found a new joy and excitement for doing mathematics, even stuff I consider hard. I have a new-found passion and new "eyes" for maths that I didn't have before. Excellent course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provide me of a set of tool to improve my career.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some information don't work in our context. But generally it's helpful to me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must for wannable computer geek.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome experiance ,good explanations but it would be better if you provide more time to do exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
With I had this earlier!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course let's you gain experience designing for different screen sizes. It's very useful because you feel the needs and difficulties of showing the right information according to the available space.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Useful and Practical. Systematic on the concepts of MOM. Very good class!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course is well balanced between theory and practical exercises. Assignments in week 6 for me was challenging but very instructive. I learned many interesting, and useful in real world, things.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great! Would like a more mathematical view, though.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is amazing to learn how many different kinds of data exists and how to work with them using R. Wonderful course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very concise beginner course in Excel. This is not a course for those who have intermediate (or above) level of Excel.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks for a great courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it will be better if there is some form of text or readings that can be shared in the course.When speaking of the examples during the lecture, I wish there is a real video of the experience rather than just the prof speaking of it. I wish I could have my own understanding in responding to those experiences. However, overall I learnt a lot through out the courses, it is really easy to understand, and usually I watch the videos when I want to take a break from whatever I was doing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course!!! Lot of information were covered and exercises were interesting and close to real life tasks! Thanks for this course!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to SEO, and great overview of past practices and the evolution of Google.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I got to learn so much. So many new bands and artists I had never heard of. The course was also useful w.r.t putting all the music I listen to into context, looking at larger themes and how they fit and evolve into each other.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The sections are interesting and informative without ever becoming dry. They include lectures, clips from films, and occasional memory exercises (which are short and fun). The professor also sends out emails with recommendations of other/newer movies and books that are relevant and to give some general info. He's involved, which is amazing for a program like this, and I really enjoy the 'psychology through film' aspect in general. Fun, easily accessible to those without a psychology background, and awesome to see related through media.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I already took Calculus 1 before and now tutor in it - and this course makes me feel like I'm seeing things in a new light. Jim Fowler is amazing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content delivered in a manner that is easy to understand and also is useful for non-native English speaker and applicable to at least some of the European languages.What could be improved is adding slides to each of the lectures. Also content wise it felt a bit small, both lectures and assignments required very limited time per week (probably around 2h/wk).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
EXCELENTE CURSO, OFRECE UNA VISIÓN PANORÁMICA SOBRE EL MARKETING, AHONDANDO EN TEMAS IMPORTANTES SOBRE MARKETING MIX, BRANDING, Y COMPORTAMIENTO DEL CONSUMIDORThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you coursera for providing me the best lectures!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good class. Gives real life examples and helpful tips to make yourself better at workplace.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helps in understanding the basic concepts of programming with the help of more general beginner specific programming language python. Gives a deeper insight about how the functionality of logical and mathematical statements interpretation by a machine and expands out thinking about various control structures. Increases ones interest in programming and developing self skills like self thinking, optimizing and testing of different working models in a programming language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was really AWESOME, I want to thank coursera so much for offering this awesome course , and also I want to thank prof. Charles Severance very much he is suck a great teacher, I'm looking forward to finish the other 4 coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must-take course to people interested in how US policies work at the domestic level o at the international level. Great teacher, even greater speechers. I just loved it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very interesting and detailed but maybe too technical in some parts.Also, some (not too sporadic) errors and missing pieces of information in the questions made quizzes even harder to pass. The discussions on the forum were of great help in this sense, though.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Insightful on the various concepts of advertisingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed each of the lessons and learnt from the experiences & stories of each of the people selected. I've practiced some of the exercises to develop my leadership skills and will use these exercises with my Leadership Coaching clients. Thanks to professor S. Friedman for the course. I look forward to continuing taking courses @ Wharton Online & other Coursera programs. Gracias. Maria Jose MontiThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course and I'm going to study all the courses in this specialisation! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great instructors and excellent course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The content and pacing is great after week1. Wk1 was a bit elementary, introduction and all. Overall, learned some new Excel tricks so it was worth it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Kimberley is a wonderful instructor keeping the student engaged with her wonderful personality and wit. The information is well suited to someone with very limited experience in personal branding and social media. Having said that, the information is clear and concise and worth the time for someone with more experience just to make sure they haven't missed a little gem of knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has changed many things in my life. The way I approach learning as well as teaching has improved enormously. It is one of the great things that happened to me this year.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For me who has applied as a fee waiver ,it's absolutely awesome that i am getting unlimited resources for learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremelly helpful for my learning process. It has motivated me to reach higher levels of learning and knowledge. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course. The basic algorithms learned here are very useful. For game development and big data analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding class! This one is different from the other classes, as breath of material is larger, but depth is less. A perfect follow-up to the very depthful classes that precede it in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, I feel ready to develop some apps now.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very easy and comprehensible way to improve your mental and study skills! More then recommended, it's a "must have it" course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very detailed examples and good explanations. Excellent base to build upon the more advanced material needed to work in the marketing area.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Before starting or learning any course of your interest, I would urge you to First Do THIS course completely and then, I am sure the efficiency of learning will drastically increase and will give a feeling of satisfaction.I would like to Thank Dr. Barbara Oakley and Dr. Terrence Sejnowski for such a great course material and the learning experience which they shared.BR/Mukul BisenThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course and well structured. The difference to other fragmented online videos "teaching" Chinese is the thought through build-up and the professional didactic value. Recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is helpful for people who speak English as a foreign language. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting, very helpful, very entertaining!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good introduction to game theory having never before studied this subject I have found that the Lectures are easy to understand and flow very well from one to the other.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course! I recommend to everyone!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Material of the course organized well and easily grasped. Suites well for beginners. Experienced programmer can watch the videos very quickly and get introduced with basic rules of the script.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basic but great for beginners! I think a lot of people will "break the ice" with Coursera courses with this one.Really fun!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a good introduction to retrieve pages and (de)serialization of JSON and XML using Python modules, ending with an introduction to APIs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Teaching the basics of financial education in theory and practice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice introductory course to programming in RThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a quite difficult course but very intresting!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good start point for absolute beginners, so many thanks for discussing Accessibility Issues. considering them is a must for any web page designer and developer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course is a great imprimer for Strategy in Business. It has a lot of references and a clear explaination of the main concepts!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing! Simple, rich content and very useful mattersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course, I hope for AngularJS2 or 4 ;)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am really indebted to Coursera and University of Michigan for Giving a very good training in Python.Kindly continue this in future.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great conclusion to the courses in this Specialization. I would not recommend it for those already (very) familiar with Java but for those starting out with Java this Capstone is just difficult enough to be challenging yet not too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Google Cloud Platform.Very useful to see all the possibilities that GCP can offer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to follow, great introduction to topics. Very good to have a quick overview of interfacing with ArduinoThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent information I gained, really very talented instructors and they explained everything very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Engaging intro course with superb visuals and virtual specimens.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Only the background isn't pretty enoughThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was great! I did not know much about epigenetics beforehand and now I feel like I could have an informed conversation. My curiosity was awakendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good lecturer explains things awesomelyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent videos and reference material. Discussion threads disappointing. Not very much reply to discussion. never mind! Thank you !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
amazing and interesting course. I am a beginner in this field, by my experience, it is beginner friendly. I feel very lucky to take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this is a very helpful class about to know the Journalism .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
some of the assignments are unclear, need more detail. Over all great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! It helps me with understanding some grammar rules.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In depth and practical.Some more linking to the previous courses could provide better framing of the courses content in the larger scheme. For a more systemic view of how all things are connected in this course and all previous courses I would have to go deep into it all again. As this was my first acquaintance with such a courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course!!!Very well explained, clear examples, good and rich contentThis is a MUST DO one!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It has been very helpful, with great links to articles. The professor was really prepeared and interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course. Ready to apply data.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am very much enjoying how my professor breaks everything down to the simplest form. I find myself applying what I have learned to my everyday writing as well as things I read and watch. He is upbeat and energetic and the assignments are fun! Although he asks for 200 words and I find that difficult because I am accustomed to writing a small novel for each answer, as you can clearly tell from my review of this course.I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to begin writing or to writers who want a fundamental understanding of what they are already doing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very nice introduction. The instructor shows a lot of enthusiasm for the subject. The exercises help reinforce the material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good class. Provides the absolute basics of Python programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just taking part of the course material was rewarding. A good basic introduction to HRMThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent and very well done.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class gave me a better understanding of excel and scratches the surface of excels capacity. I will never underestimate excel again. I appreciate the videos, and other resources this class provides. I am business major and this class cemented alot of the fundamentals.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course with extremely detailed lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course for fast learning Python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved almost every episode of this course. They are very different: some are practical, some are very informative and all of them are easy to get. The course is simple and i would say basic especially for those who have decided to change food behavior, but does not know where to start.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awsome course involving how to organize and implement innovative ideas into an organization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely clear and comprehensive explanations of the latest developments of global health. The insights on the Japanese public health experiences that the rest of the world should learn from were very interesting. Thank you very much for offering this Public Health Policy course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is most effective and valuable course found online. The course schedule is simply perfect every one can learn a lot by just giving a little efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course to know basics of chinese conversation. I am positive that this course will help a lot in my next trip to china.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This Course is best way for any student to understand the basics of HTML and starting student in the path of website designing.The video lectures are well-defined and structured with clear content description.The amount of hard work put into designing of those lectures is just mind-blowing.Thank you for getting me started for journey of web designing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although the whole UX-UI stuff doesn't interest me much, the professors definitely had me hooked to the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Top notch course. Thanks Dr HappySmart.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course well presented and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic! I find myself using the information I learned in the class on a daily basis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The program was well put together. The class was what I call "bottom heavy" because the last part of the class had a lot of really good and relate-able information. I found my self replaying classes 2 -3 time to get the full value of what was being presented. I found myself saying "wow" a lot.Could someone tell the lady that does the 6 week class to turn off her clock when on line. I dropped that class, the coo-coo was distractingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you Mr Stefano for a great course. A must have for all entrepreneurs serious about realizing an idea in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course, due an interesting content and a great instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very nice course for students in Computer Science Field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course to understand keys questions and methodology to manage each step of data analysis processThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful and informative. Thanks a lot !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is fantastic! I really want to learn more!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice course....I am waiting for advance course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some of the explanations are not clear, and the knowledge net is not clear as previous chapter. But it is still good for me overall!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent!, but you cant submit the homework to review.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Andrew Ng shows in this course what outstanding teaching is like. Thanks to the slow, progressive and carefully planned journey through the concepts that he prepared for us, delving into the complexity of these topics whas not only easy but also fun... Thank you so much for this amazing learning experience!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course. The explanations are very straightforward, the examples introduce the important basic matter and the exercices help a lot in learning to use the learned material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very well-formatted summary on the basic data structures in Python. It is very informative and I recommend it to anyone who knows a bit of Python but is still not fluent in using the different structures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect course again. Fun and challenging at the same time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
its a very good course and latest innovative too,where youth could get in interest withThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional course! I recomend it to everyone trying to learn machine learning. Awesome tutor, awesome content !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must for every teacher !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a excellent experience. I learn so many things about Food and Beverage Management and i feel ready to start managing companies of this subject. Lessons were useful for me to add marketing and management knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
They make programming look so easy! Enjoyed the course! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, Although this topic was totally new for my I enjoyed it so much. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot from this class. This is not only a class that give you a right way to learning, handle your procrastination, the secret of memory, but also show you the scientific evidence. If a scientist tell me that the procrastination is not a big deal, I will believe that more than just somebody tell me. Also, this class gave me the passion and confidence to learn something new.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks to Coursera, and in particular to Madam Prof. Dr. Colleen for the wonderful opportunity extended to me that enabled me to learn the fundamentals of JavaScript. I pinch myself in disbelief that I could complete this course rather successfully at my ripe age of 73+! Hopefully, I would complete the next course also in the pipeline. Madam Prof. Dr. Colleen not only discusses the intricacies of the language but also stresses the importance of practice. I am a 'noob'! And certainly, I have profited. A very big thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice 101 level class for HTML, CSS, JSThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's a really great course and thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction to machine learning. I'll only add one big project to implement at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very eye opening for me in a market I have no idea about, Very friendly and helpful professor along with the members that have helped him out!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the phrase: "brain manual"The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course is awesome and useful for someone who are intermediate and beginner in imp!! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incedible structure and professor, an absolute must for everyone to understand war as an expression of humman beingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course changed the way I learn. It showed me my mistakes in learning.I think it is very helpful for everyone!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course to get the hands wet on python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this class. The concepts introduced here were easy to understand. It's like graphic design made easy. It was very engaging as well. Highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There is lack of communication with peers and mentors. Its like styding aloneThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, a lot of fun with the practical assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional primer course for amateurs and professionals interested in basic economics as well as financial markets. Dr.Shiller is awesome in explaining abstract concepts with amazing real life examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As usual the 4 professors(presenters) have done an excellent job. The resources, videos, assignments and quizzes are very helpful, well thought out and comprehensive. They have done an enormous amount of work.But there seem to be problems with the import edu.duke.* due to installation problems (e.g. Windows 10).Maybe include 3 videos like:( example from other Coursera courses e.g. R Programming)Installing BlueJ on a MacInstalling BlueJ on WindowsInstalling Bluej on (Mac) ; including these would enable me to give a rating of 5 stars.For the beginner programmer this would help a lot.I know there is the Discussions forum (very helpful) and students must sweat a bit to get BlueJ to work on some messy Operating Systems but this is my comment as a Beta TesterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome! It's a well-designed course for a beginner. The quizes and assignments ensured that I took an effort to browse and learn a couple of concepts in depth. Swirl exercises gave me a better understanding of what I've learnt from the vedio lectures. All in all, at the end of one month, you'll know all quick and dirty tricks to deal with huge datasets. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good course for starter. Lectures are good, but the quizzes are too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I only have read books on Agile. This course has been very valuable in the months since I have taken it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect introduction to game development. Does not delve into a lot of theory and instead focuses on the making of games. I really think this helps motivate learners better. Great instructor!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear and useful. I´d like to thank the professor for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
NIce course got a brief idea about agriculture by one of the renowned teacher David Pannell sirThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for this course. it was very interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional course material along with an outstanding teacher.. Thank you for an amazing learning experience!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course. Decent content and always well-structured lectures. The peer assignments could have been better though.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was very informative, challenging and productive. Well designed, it helped me learn a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a good start to know machine learning, PS: professor Andrew NG is so handsome ang gentleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fantastic course for pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing intro to the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor is a good story teller, teaching important skills from smalls tips which are useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class. Learned a lot and broadened my perspective on health.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Need More Practice ans Problems to solveThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Could have given a certificate of accomplishment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Starting from zero, I have reached somewhere in this topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its a very good class to learn to use SQL in a systematic manner, even if you had used SQL or are completely new. The two Databases ( Terradata and Dognition) gave a lot of valuable practice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked very much. It is simple and use full for no lawyersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very handy for teachers ..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Having taken a lot of computer science courses by coursera, I can confirm this course is in the top two most valuable investments of my time/money along with Martin Odersky's scala course.I am an experienced java back-end developer, but have never worked in the front-end. And yet I found the material in this course very easy to follow. This is up to the teacher's talent to present the basic concepts with exceptional clarity, in the correct order and depth. Now, I am waiting for Yaakov to give a course about Angular 2!If you are a back-end developer and want to do your first step to front-end development this course is a must!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the enthusiastic professor Raj. Thank you for being so contagious throughout the course for being happy and spreading the happiness.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good! The examples provided in the course makes it unique and extremely valuable! The final exercise is great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a really good introduction to Linear Model, I recommend this course to all people who wants to learn more about statistical analysisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for such a brilliant course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An exceptional course in intermediary programming!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's helpful course thanks a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thoroughly enjoyed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Data Science specialisation with John Hopkins University is definitely worthwhile and, as a relative novice in the area, I'd highly rate and recommend R Programming. The lecturer Mr Peng presents the information in a clear and concise way, conducting walk-throughs of different steps, and providing opportunity for practice exercises. As well, the accompanying book published by the lecturer, learning materials, mentor Mr Warren and discussion board are invaluable for beginners like myself. Thank you for a terrific course so far.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It does what is promises to do very well, it's a great introduction to PFA, but I think also useful in other life situations and I would suggest this course to anyone who would like to show more compassion towards people in everyday life and is not sure how to do so. Most importantly, however, it does introduce the state people may be in after a disaster well, and arms you with some knowledge of how to be of assistance in such situations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is amazing for everyone who wants to learn more about story writing and presenting it, which than can be used for video games, but also for anything else as well.Great course, my best recommendations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Bit slow paced for my experience level, but very well put together.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple and yet well detailed, although the one thing that I didn't like is the french translations in the quizzes, make them a little bit confusingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course!Thought I wouldn't use the stuff that I learned in the videos at first, but as I started working on my own projects, I realised it was very important knowledge for a game developer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The material was interesting and the professor was engaging to watch. But unlike other Coursera courses, I never did see any replies from a staff member to any of the questions posted on the forums. Other professors on Coursera reply to threads themselves or have a TA reply for them. I understand that one person may not be able to reply to all threads if the forum is active. But at least those asking questions to get clarification about the assignments should be answered. The class forum was not very active during this session and could have been easily watched more closely by one person.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i'm done with the first module,so far so good...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great. As a math major, some of the material early on is too slow but the pace is certainly good later on after neural networks. If you feel not challenged enough, you can always think about why something is true while Andrew describes them. And if you have enough experience of linear algebra, Andrew makes reference to many aspects of it in the course for you to think over. There may be some repetition between different sections, but that helps with drilling the important facts into you. Also, the whole course as taught at Stanford is available online with the all the mathematics put back in and so you can always go visit there if you wish.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very enjoyable and helpful course best way to speed up learning and save lot's of time you can spend with friends and relatives instead of wasting it with bad and time consuming learning methods. So before signing up for the next course consider first signing up for LEARNING HOW TO LEARN and see how you can make your next course a much more fun experience once you know how to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
When i started this course i did not know what to expect but as i progress i became very impress with the materials provided and the dept of information available on the subject. Terrorism has now moved from an item on the news to me to an intimate subject worth exploring further. I became intimately connected with this subject and vowed to continue exploring the phenomenon deeper. Thank you very much for the wealth of knowledge presented.Vannie CurwenThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun and interesting course, videos and lectures covered some python basics that we don't learn in college.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was very engaging and mathematically intensive. It provides background for all the necessary tools one must know to start clustering. Great Course. Will miss this course format as 5 and 6 are cancelled!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It gave me the overview about machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic guide to understant what is behind international law field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is really a great course , it did not only give me new skills , but it also changed the way I think about web design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very fantastic class for zero-experienced students!Mr. Professor is very humorous, which makes the course even more interesting and easy to learn.:)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing combination of scientific data and practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was entertaining, but it'd be easier to follow if the videos weren't *that* long. 5 videos of 10 minutes per week would be better in my opinion, it wouldn't frustrate me as much as an hour long video.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great, if brief course. Some occasionally ill-worded test questions. But this course piqued my interest for the ones that follow.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exactly what I needed to help me start.. knowing what I know now.. I feel unstoppable!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The swirl exercises are truly informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr Charles Severance is clear, accessible and relatable in his approach to teaching.This course will guide you from basic principles to running your very own simple python scripts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i was never comfortable with image making, but this course had given me a lot of confidence and i made a drawing i was proud ofThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A terrific introduction to the basics and language of Project Management.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome/Excellent/Outstanding !!! This course was my first step in Machine Learning en route to data science. The videos explain difficult concepts in easy to understand words with examples. The assignments will make you think real hard and they do a great job to ensure that you get basics down and give you wings to implement an algorithm to a real world data set. The discussion/forum/wiki_page is very helpful and thanks to the Mentors for immediate help with questions on the forums.Many thanks to Professor Ng.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good business strategy introductionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Going through it for the second time this summer. My all time favorite Coursera course, and I've done almost ten...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well Done!!! Excellent Course. Really liked the Honors Assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I didn't like the fact that you could not earn a statement of accomplishment but only a verified certificate.Other than that the course was pretty interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this course is hepful.I like the content management and form design of the course.And I like the teaching style of the teacher. Thanks for this platform!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent! THANK YOU! You are doing a service to the community. Not everyone can study in Stanford but you are making that possible through this online offering at no cost and surely tapping into talents which would have been unnoticed otherwise.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great introductory course! It was fun, challenging, and fulfilling. It's not particularly easy for beginner programmers (like myself), but the professors do a good job of making the material approachable and palatable. Also, be prepared for some math! Overall: 5/5 :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course that gives you a global vision about actuals machine learning probles and how to solve them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My review concerns partially the course and partially the Coursera concept as this was my first on-line course and I cannot distinguish between those two.My experience was simply great, I felt that it was time well spend, for example compares to my company provided trainings and I'm hoping to return to another course.I have quite strong background in statistics so some parts were too basic for me but being able to speed the videos up is neat and it opens the course to wide spectrum of students (again opposed to company provided trainings or even school lessons where in the best case half of the students are bored of the slow tempo and other half isn't able to keep up with the same tempo). To have my own timeplan also helps but I even finished quite early as it was so fun.About the course contend: Andrew Ng prepared great lessons, all was pretty well explained (even when he cannot use some "advanced math" not to lose part of the students). The examples were illustrative as well as realistic (at least seemed realistic and that makes it more exciting than some artificial ones).I was little afraid of the programming exercises as I've never worked with Matlab (using mainly R). But now I'm glad that I know another language:) The system of submitting works perfectly.I can say similar thinks about the contend of the exercises as I wrote about examples in lectures. It is nice to program my own spam filter - the concept of programming only some small parts of the program and not to have to deal with data loading, plotting... is again very entertaining and instructive and then it can be done some nice application in short time.My thanks to the whole Coursera team and of course Andrew Ng. Hope to use this cool tools in my work.ZdeněkThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Super cours ! It is very interesting ! enjoy!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful for robotic beginners, the idea is clear and the explanation is helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good course and beautiful lectures. But the programming assignments should be little more tough.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Andrew has the necessary skills to teach difficult concepts in a simple way. I learned a lot and my will to continue learning has increased because of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really learnt a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Completely awesome course for anyone to start, very straight forward and instructing. Would recommend 10/10The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course for all career paths, simple and straight forward with a short finish time. Highly recommended for all learners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and helpful subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This teacher is amazing. I was registered for Angular, when it was delayed the teacher wrote and recommended this (week 4 and 5) to brush up on Javascript. So glad I found it. He is so clear.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was a little too slow but is ok, specially with beginners as me.it can be a little bit more interactive or didactical.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful in my everyday life. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very very useful course on all its aspect !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for getting the overview as well as understanding various aspects of business analytic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, help you to speak properly and more clearly. Thankyou :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wish they would have taught a class like this when I was in college.Thank you sooooo much for this course.I will use it for the remainder of my life!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, comprehensive material, good classes!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative course. Could be a little bit faster.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best online courses I have every taken. For that matter, one of the best courses I have ever taken anywhere. It is one of the most useful subjects anyone can take. It should be a required course, taken in the summer before becoming a freshman in high school, then taken again the summer before college. Just great.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I REALLY appreciated this course! I was diagnosed with breast cancer in April and have been working to learn as much as I can in the interim. I actually learned that I need radiation from this course (none of my providers had mentioned it), so I am really grateful to have participated in this. Really good information, engaging professor, and well organized content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. I hope a degree on this should be made available online. Thanks to the tutors. Your videos and explanation and transcription was clear.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great course! Personally, it has been very helpful to build a good foundation in English writing. Even though I took similar classes back in school, this course is the most effective one by far. I feel more confident to continue taking advanced writing course; moreover, writing seems less stressful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content and teaching! Thanks Professor Muppala!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course.Makes it so easy to work figuresThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great hands on, case study driven approach! Helped me to cover all basic and advance concepts in well organized fashion. My python skills came handy and thoughtfully structured assignments helped consolidating the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Please we need pdf printable "booklets” of slides (no headshots “and use PALE backgrounds) under downloads below the video screen. I love MOOCs that do this for us to help integrate knowledge. Thanks so much. The course content is very good - I have taken bricks and mortar forensic classes as well as a Forensics MOOC out of China and yours is comparable. But please the downloadable slides? Thanks so muchcom/",[g,=�o��The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course!!! Yaakov is a very good teacher, explaining every future of angular in a step by step mode.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learn a lot from this course.The dicussion below each video, it's useful. Through dicussion, it's easy to get deep understood the course.Thanks you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hard Topic, You must take all the basics in multivariate statistical analysis first.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an engaging course prepared by an amazing group of instructors. I learned so much from it and I would recommend it to beginners in web development field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice introduction to this world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course should be the starting point of any academic career, it provides useful and actionable insights on how to deal with procrastination as well as providing deeper awareness on how to manage ourself in the learning process. It's a pleasure and a privilege to hear and learn form Prof. Barbara Oakley and Dr. Terrence Sejnowski.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course.The instructor have done a wonderful job !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Decent introduction to Scala. Recommend to anyone new to the language!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course.Not only it taught concepts of machine learning but also helped me develop a better understanding towards tackling any sort of scenario that can occur in the domain.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course, and I learn a lot (having plenty of experience already). However, the assignments take far more time than the quoted 30 minutes, and a lot of time is spent installing and getting open-source tools to work - which I would have rather spent on actually hands on work on the subject-matter.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great insights into both: Psychology and Buddhism! Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course. I highly recommend this course if you are looking to better visualize your data for an audience, and how people perceive graphs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The cuorse was really amazing and has infomation that approach into the business providing encourage.I am expecting for the next, see you soon!Thanks you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Paradoxes of War was maybe one of the most interesting course I've enrolled in Coursera.I can say for sure that I've learned a lot via Prof. Miguel Centeno through all those weeks. I admire him for his passion and his knowledge. I was really surprised to watch how many things he knows about Ancient Greek history and Mythology and most of all I was really pleased to listen to him using a great deal of "hellenic vocabulary". That amazed me!I would like to thank him personally about this course.I am looking forward to take another class of yours again in the future.Thank you!Elizabeth (Greece)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and exciting course. Love it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Great examples and videos. It is challenging but totally worthy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A excellent overview of Internet History, the underlying technology and a quick tour of SSL/TLS. The interviews with some key folks of internet folklore was an added advantage. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course to learn bootstrap and tools very fast.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and dynamic! The teacher is great, very knowledgeable, and very relevant to day-to-day reality. Especially for those of us who don't speak finances fluently.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for setting up this well-done course, which I think may be useful to all interested in getting a better understanding of tropical diseases. Considering the high volume of travellers to areas with a higher risk of parasitic diseases, spending some time becoming more knowledgeable about them can only do good. For those with a medical education background, it may also be an opportunity to brush on some diseases usually only touched on during a standard university infectious diseases course. Some of them are really fascinating from a scientific view point. I would recommend also reading the PDF references, the articles are quite interesting. Best wishes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took me step by step, just what I needed since I do not have any previous education in statistics and programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This could be better if the lectures have more hands on programming examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very effective and course that provide knowledge about waste management in developing countries, Thank you so much all the coursera team.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very practical, makes easy for the student to go over the installation and configuration hubs, to-the-point introduction to Ruby on Rails. At the end of this course, I was able to write a decent looking web application, develop an understanding of the core concepts, and obtain many references to the helpful technologies and documentation. This course might have been better only if it were revised for the versions of 2017: if the student ignores the specificity of the versions in the initial installation instructions, the final homework will to be rejected by the automated grader. Shorty put, most recent Rails version is not compatible with Ruby 4.2.x.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a pleasant journey through the web foundations.Thank you very much to ProfessorColleen van Lent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course getting to the pointThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful for my researchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course! I learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent - but I wish that the course had tougher assignments to really push me to practice on the topic - although I admit this is hard to grade.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was awesome, i liked it very much. i will look forward for more classes with you guys! Thank you for your dedication to do a class so amazing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The teacher is full of energy, I like the way he taught.It brings me into the world of calculus!!! thanks:)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
That Course Was Awesome :DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A really nice introduction to financial markets and its instruments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course, and learned a lot. What I have learned will not only help with my teaching techniques, but also with my own personal learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content was enjoyable and accessible. Videos helped a lot. Transcriptions were pretty poor, and there are a few of bugs here and there in the code, videos, and slides. However, in the end the difficulty and depth of the course is great. For the committed student, you'll walk away with a lot of practical knowledge (if you take notes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very useful course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction, both accessible and technical, to Design Thinking. Thks to all the contributors & teachers!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent short course for getting introduced to essential tools for a data scientist.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course taught me a lot about graphic design. i was so astonished about all the meanings from composition, shape and color. nice for beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is great!. I have been learned about experiments that researchers have been developed to understand the interaction between the host and the infectious agent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to programming for people with no programming knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An amazing and comprehensive course!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I don't know how to thank Amy Bloom for this course. Her positive aura and the help of the other writers taught me a lof things about creative approaches for creating a character and all other stuff about character creating. Thank you very much. I'll continue to the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Course (Moral Foundations of Politics ) is an important subject for Politicains and the students of Political science. Prof. Ian Shapiro's lectureres have good information and most helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course material and challenging assignments. Really informative . Five star course !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good courses , I've learned a lot .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is well-designed, covering from basics to applications. The lecture notes are clear and the difficulty levels of the assignments are acceptable. The instructor is very nice! You can learn machine learning step by step by going through this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best balance of content and lab out of the 4 courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course teach me how to explode the Internet in the practical way and not so abstract like other course or book i've learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Don't just rely on the lectures. Use this course to introduce you to a bunch of tools that you'll need when doing data science, and then go study these tools in depth on your own.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lecture was very good. I thought there could be more assignment. :-)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the course. Hope to do more soon.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm a mathematician with (previously) very limited knowledge of machine learning. This is a great introduction & I think is pretty accessible to even those without a mathematics degree.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr Chuck's instruction is clear and interesting. I have learned a lot of practical skills. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very challenging but worthwhile. Having experiences in data analysis with python, I still feel the assignments are really hard to complete. BUT it is really worthwhile, and I improved my skills in python A LOT! The auto-graded system is AWESOME! I sincerely recommend this course and really appreciate the work of the teaching staff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well made introductory courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course that really expanded my knowledge of the Middle East and historical drivers of conflict and friction. Bravo!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Beautiful! Insightful! Eye Opener! I wish I had known these things when I was a kid! I would have achieved much more than I have. Anyways since the learning process never stops, I will use these mental tools to achieve my future career goals and also improve the %age utilizationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent explanations! Just the basic and a complete guide for introducing to Machine LearningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course. Simple, clear and so many things that you can learn every session :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely great course for anyone who wants to learn the foundations of AngularJS. This was one of the most challenging courses I have taken on Coursera but I felt like I got a lot of knowledge out for the time I put into the course. My personal suggestions would be to split Week 2 into two separate weeks (the material there was a huge step up compared to Week 1 and there was a lot of it) and possibly include more examples for Week 3 (especially for directives since I thought that was the most difficult part of the course). Overall, I highly enjoyed taking this course from such a wonderful professor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent overview course. It has exactly the right balance between explaining Machine Learning concepts, and providing enough supporting mathematics & logic to understand why these concepts are correct (without going through epsilon-delta proofs).Having followed several Machine Learning courses, this is now definitely my favourite new course, replacing Andrew Ng's famous course here on Coursera (which was also very good & especially complete, but required too often a leap of faith - this course provides really more details on the "why"). Furthermore, the exercises in this course are spot-on: they use Python and GraphLab Create (for which you get a 1 year student license when taking this course) - the big advantage is that you can focus on the Machine Learning aspect, and not on how to implement something in Python (or Matlab or R). The exercises are challenging enough and require some thought, exactly what they should do. This is not a "look up the right answer in the slides" course when it comes to exercises, which I particularly like.The chemistry between the teachers is also very nice and shows they just love Machine Learning, and love teaching it (which they do very well).If you some familiarity with statistics (a bit) and mathematics (a bit of matrix & vector calculations), and want to understand what Machine Learning is about, then this is THE course for you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course but it really is more of an introduction to the rest of the specialisation.A lot was repeated over and over which seemed a little tedious at times but in actuality, it made sure I really understood and clearly processed the most important information.Looking forward to the next course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course with very interesting content and so many additional things worth learning and practicing more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good basic background for starting out. I wanted a little more but no complaints. Good simple instructions and knowledge build including the SMART principleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Needs more practical examples.Like project for free.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great class for beginners !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the best course I ever took.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
First of all, it is free to enroll.Second, lecturers provide clear instructions and guideline for learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the course I wish I could've taken when I was in High School.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lectures are short and engaging. Good info. Great prof! Would like a little more evidence for some of the concepts presented but overall GREAT!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and helpful, all the are well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you! I learned so much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and well organized course.Useful for beginners as well as professionals in the field of interaction designThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is the best place to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have significant background in this material. I enjoyed the presentation style and felt the quizzes and assignment were well matched to the material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent instructor and graphics...Very thoroughly explained in simple way... Well Done Coursera!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love the Way the Professor delivering the Information which is easy to understand..Wow...I am enjoying the journey ..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent short introduction to the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent way to step into the Python world!! Don't esitate join this course. But be aware that this is the third and you have to start from the first course (Programming for everybody).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it´s very useful, pragmatic and didactic at the same time. Thank you to all the team that make it posible.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course!I like it so much!It would be great to have new more advanced courses from Andrew!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course with great mentors and helpful resources. Would recommend for anybody who likes to learn about machine learning. It is just a starting point. Having good knowledge with Calculus, Linear Algebra and Satistics will help a great deal but are not mandatory. However this is not realy true if you really want to understand the formulas and concepts presented. (So: Would recommend if you learn some (at least basic) topics on calculus, linear algebra and statistics before)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is an excellent course. I really improved my English learning process. Thanks for the group of instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is an excellent introduction to personal branding. In taking this course I have gained a better understanding of the basics of social media use, and professional focus.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course, I really enjoyed it , it is well build, one of the best teachers i encountered, well worth investing your time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good information and great delivery of content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very nice class really helps a lot ！The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love it! Just love it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great info about photography, very easy to digest.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well made course, although I wish to see more on other countries, because Egipt, Israel and Palestine were making most of lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for anyone interested in private equity investing and the venture capital world. Simple, straightforward and a great teacher for the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would like to say "thank you" Prof. Ng and team! You've done an excellent job by this course and it was a great pleasure to learn with you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good way to get to know how to present digital marketing ideas to clients in a coherent manner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. If you put in a little effort, you will come out with a lot of new knowledge. I recommend using the book after you have seen the movies. It gives a deeper picture of how it works. Great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun course that explores why dogs are so special. I especially it when Dr. Hare explained the different experiments and their results.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a compulsory course, there are plenty of tools to understand how our brain works and how to make the most of it to learn how to learn,very recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course that introduces all the various topics in modeling and gets you to started thinking about how to process information, in addition to giving you the tools and skills needed to succeed. Well worth the price.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Full of useful information and easy to follow, the concepts are well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
detailed explanation helps you recognize and investigate in your daily life the importance and the changing power of positive emotions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good and informative course, really enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The programming assignments are very well organized and give a good sense of the working principles of the algorithms. Also, the course enforces the reflection on how to potentialize the application of specific algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course, I think that it gives you the basic tools that allows you to make experiments and a lot of crazy thingsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very nice course. I appreciate the way, basics of machine learning are taught andThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is great course, I wish we should submit our final exams as audit followersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brief intro to python, good for beginners. Cool professor, especially the wig part. Interviews are also quite meaningful to students who wanna know more about things behind the language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great primer on the various high level concepts in machine learning and some general applications as well as good quick intro to graphlab create. I was originally apprehensive to use another data science tool outside of panadas, but now think graphlab create is even better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a very useful course for law students , indroduced many fundemental tools and ways to study . It's very useful for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, brought me to Github, myself would never do it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great step to learn data analysis in SAS!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course to gain an appreciation of fluid power, which is often taken for granted in our daily lives. The overview of simulation of fluid power on Matlab gave me an idea of how modern fluid power systems can be designed, optimized and played with before a single component is purchased, certainly the trend in today's information revolution.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of my favorite psychology courses so far. Well explained by Dr.Mitch. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the course a lot. I would highly recommend to do the optional readings because show what you learn in the course in much more detail.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very clear classes and fun assignments. Really good!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best physics course with the best instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really recommend this course. Very useful!!Perfectly explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lectures are nicely delivered!!! BUT videos of lectures should be confined within 15 minutes and be cited data sources and how to we can see and obtain data aswellThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is just great! They encourage you to improve your professional practice through pragmatic advice based on scientific evidence. Furthermore, the course's materials are varied and the fact of having two different instructors results interesting and useful!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The perfect learning rate - thumbs up!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed getting some very simple yet powerful rules ! I hope it will prove efficient !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course to be familiar with the functional programming principles. Missing a little bit more solved examples and some more fundamental materailThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyable and I learned some absolutely great skills!!!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course gave me many insights. Methodology designed in such a way to learn theoretical and practical aspects. This is very much useful for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent course, helped me significantly to get basic understanding about the Health IT.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is excellent! The lecturers are superb and they know their stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was very nice to get my skills expanded. I would be very helpful, if the professor included handouts with functions, definitions, and instruction (e.g. on how to create a histogram). This way it would help to review something later without the need to open the videos again and searching for the content one is looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Ever since I started i don't want to stopThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
We all hear about big data and it's core role at information society. This course helped me understand how we actually use big data to interact with people. I also realised that we don't need to be part of a big company to work with big data. There are tools available for every person, some of them for free.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class with a rich variety of instructors from multidisciplinary array of fields, lots of extra information and pretty much any question answered!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great, dr. chuck's the finestThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helped summarize the basics for a newbie like me. Glad I took it :) Recommended.Although, I do recommend some more material on the last two weeks - I loved the concepts that were taught, but I feel there could have been more lectures on BST applications, given how powerful they are!Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good start, doesn't get bottled down with details.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
More in-depth work with ArcMap and associated principles. Redundant to a degree with the intro to the specialization, but good blend of instruction and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely great experience - the lecturer is epic !!!! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot. Thanks Professor!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved that a lot of the content was easy to understand and convenient to follow. The materials is definetely helpful for anyone who has interests in eating healthy or even losing weights. I was just a little surprised that the last week of this class turned into a series of cooking videos. Overall, this was an amazing course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course I always loved to take! Thank you Coursera and Rochester University for giving people the opportunity to take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am eventually understanding statistical concepts, and realizing delicate differences between similar concepts and methods.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best course on this subject !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It´s an excelent course, with a lot of material to study for long time. The explanations are clear and step by step. Professor Dariusz Terefenko is a great teacher and also a great player. Their students play great demonstrations on explained topics. I learn a lot about, otherwise difficult topics, on jazz styles, jazz harmony and improvisation using modes and other techniques. All applied over 12 bar blues structure.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good introductory course. Easy and you can begin to program after taking the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thank Prof. Daniel for the clear exposition of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Covers the most relevant topics about negotiation in a structured, easily understandable way. Also, it has many practical implications.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot from it! Appreciated it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was really packed full of useful practical information and I felt like I got a lot out of it despite years of experience in the field!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice course! it helps with the basics of objective-cThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course and teacher, learned a lot and kept me interestedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely marvelous course! As a Geographer I must admit the fact that I am extremely passionate about the contents of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! Lots of useful information.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction course to Python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is fun and practical. Never before had I imagined such invisible strategic interactions can be possible to illustrate by the measuring of payoffs. Lots of nice tools and realistic examples though some definition formulas seem to be somehow intricate to me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good, thorough and informative description of SEOThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Although I think it would be a good idea to have all the HANDS ON instructions downloadable as a PDF to keep in personal files.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good introduction to the exploratory analysis and the R's plotting systems. The most advanced exploratory techniques (singular values decomposition, etc.) are not explained in depth but the overall role that these kinds of statistical learning techniques plays in the exploratory analysis is firmly established.Great work with the course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course. Gives a great feel of what has been discovered and what is going on in latest research about the science of universe. I highly recommend this. And I will be waiting for more advance course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good and quite interesting! From now on, I am a programmer!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have many things learnt from this course.Thank you Michigan to make this avail ...Thank you Mr. ChuckThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a good class. The lectures were interesting. The swirl package was fun for the most part. And the message boards were actually informative and helpful.The actual programs we were required to write could be used for other things in business or health science, and therefore were practical.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. It has changed my way of thinkingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good and lots of excellent information, well presented.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is good for meThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this course is wonderful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's useful, thnx a lot =)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for Managers and Entrepreneurs on Food & Beverage businesses!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked this dive into the more data driven side of Interaction Design. Very fun to learning about tools I had not seen deployed before.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Python is really cool and this course is fascinating. Charles is charming! I will continue learn Python here.. Thanks for your guidance. XDThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a well structured course for people who are beginners and have enough to attract people who have programming experience as well. I am a programmer with legacy background and perl, I enrolled to this course so that I can mentor my juniors at work on python; esp perl to python code conversion and attending this course is immensely satisfying from that objective. I will attend the other courses and probably build some materials so that I can cover the entire course 1-4 in a week.Thanks Dr. Chuck and team from coursera and University of Michigan.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent guidance by the professor throughout the course. Really helped me a lot. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great option to learn new things of mathematics and probabilityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a well designed course with excellent lectures and practical work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had wrote a comment for this course before, however, I can rewrite talking about the quality of U of A tutors. Thanks for all related with attention and support. I enjoyed a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a wonderful course that indeed makes the difference. Over it "I've met myself" almost in each video and each topic. Very surprisingly that somebody knows me better than I do and is searching for sintific solutions of my problems in a daily professional fashion. I did realize a lot of things about myself and how things work for or against me, how to reinforce my cons and extract maximum efficiency of pros. How much learning means and how strongly influences human beings. All from the above will be essential for you if you wish to upgrade yourself and your life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very interseting way to do a lot of things without a very few code!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and straight to the point, thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learned so much in the course. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn HTML.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Prof. Robert Austin is great in sharing knowledge and seems very resourceful. His teaching style (even over digital media) is very engaging and creates interest to learn more.Along with that, course materials are also good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An instructive way to enhance and streamline the positive side of life. I learnt that positive emotions are as essential as a healthy diet, good sleep and daily exercises. Dr. Barbara Fredrickson radiates positivity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i am having fun learning pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The material is good and the professor is clear and knowledgable. Hopefully there would be more reference documents recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun way to learn programming in python.The teacher has an enjoyable down to earth style of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks a lot for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to follow and a great course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course.Next step to get specialization in Scala and FP.Many thanks, PavelThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to getting data from the web. I've used this course to scrape fantasy football data and analyse it in ExcelThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro to web developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You should provide support for python 2 AND python 3.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am glad to take part in this course, it teaches me a lot of knowledge about python. please don't give up even it is a little hard at the beginning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well done course! The lectures are interesting and visuals are very impactful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Please cover additional topics like deep learning , random forest, etc . Make part 2 of this coursseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A perfect course for the philomath, so well developed and well instructed.This course for me underscores how euphoric MOOCS can be and energizes me to take more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was exceptional experience - material was well structured and clear. I'm planning to review this course from time to time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was a wonderful and thorough introduction to Modern Art. So insightful and informative! I'd recommend it to anyone! It has definitely enhanced my lesson planning and teaching style.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great examples used in course videos. The Course Notes might be a worked on a bit more in terms of models and examples, but they are quite extensive and an invaluable resource. Teaching staff is quick to respond to forum questions, which is great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dae Ryun Chang is wonderful! I really enjoyed his videos. It was easy to understand easy to follow and all connected. I really enjoyed this course! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This program is current, easy to follow, yet challenging enough to keep you thinking. This program provides the information you need to be a strong leader in what ever leadership capacity you may be in.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent resource for beginners. No prior html experience required.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was amazing. I discovered so many useful tools, had insights on what changes should I do on my website for its better performance.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
best course for lab workers ,physics is deal in a great detailThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome introductory class for learning Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very efficient tips and hints on our brains ability to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lots of great technical information that was accessible for me, a chemist, to understand and integrate. My main complaint is with the presentation. The speaker was so slow that I had to run all videos at 150% speed to keep from falling asleep. Though, since that was possible, it turns out his slow speaking wasn't really an inconvenience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting study, it covered things that I all ready knew but also presented others that I had not considered. Overall a good place to begin.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved the virtual environment. It was an engaging experience and really felt a sense of accomplishment in the finale video. This was very rewarding!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As Interesting as funny & usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was really a good courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, personable teacher, great video lectures, assignments are simple, but great at demonstrating key conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome class!!More courses please.Maybe some courses to prep for TopiK proficiency as well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great overview of most promizing ML techniques. Just enough math to be able to use the knowledge but not too much to make the course heavy. Stimulating. Oriented to people that want to be operative on ML rahter than understandThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good way to start learning juliaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I believe that these two serial courses revise and improved my statistical skills for public health.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simply awesome. Well crafted for beginners :-)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Tough things are much easily taught and assignments have been wonderfully selected to increase the confidence level of students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Would be great to have slides available to help for future review.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was very informative. I thank the Professors and the Coursera Community for this wonderful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course. It was concrete and well prepared and interesting, easy to archive. I had an experience in similar training classes, so I consider that is really useful to repeat or learn, if you a new in this topic. For me, is the must that the professor(s) was good in public speaking, other way I will feel boring.I would like to suggest this course to others.Kind regards,Kateryna.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Auditing this course to get a preliminary understanding on Neural Networks. Really easy to understand and pretty awestruck by the concept. Thanks Andrew.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a course that should be taught in all educational institutions in all levels! Fantastic instructors, and great content. This class has helped me immensely with other courses and on the job too! Thank you Dr. Oakley and Dr. Sejnowski!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a fantastic course! The content was very interesting, especially the section on time-travel, which I absolutely loved. I also liked that the course was perfectly manageable, unlike all the other MOOC's that I have attempted, where the time commitment turns out to be much bigger than expected.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent explanation of basic conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of my best Moocs course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lectures were interesting and insightful and the practical assignments were very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative course. Really glad that i took this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I belive that this course is usefull in computer science research, the discipline might allow us to explore alternative solutions from other approaches. Excellent instructors, excellent course! Thanks Coursera!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great materials to learn, highly organized and so helpful to enrich your knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent, content.I see this as a valuable input to change our mindset and tailor it to a more strategic approach. Technics like Backwards induction really help to achieve this.Thanks :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you. Spark in this course is very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content, narration could have been clearer and felt there was a bit of an overload of information in the lectures - could have been broken down into chunks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good course that concentrates on the key concepts with some case studies that are very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a very helpful class to learn strategies to improve performance in a negotiation table.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've learnt a lot so far, I am really enjoying it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The professor's lecture is very informative and thought-provoking. In all, I am thrilled to take the class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the whole association of psychology and Buddhism!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course that helps you set the foundation for the data science domain.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The early stage of violin learning is usually thought to be much more difficult than any other kinds of instruments such as piano. I had not expected that violin could be taught so smoothly in such a systematic and scientific way until I enrolled in this course. Ms Spencer introduced a series of skills not only to prevent those common bad habits but also to make the violin learning so fascinating especially for young kids.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a fantastic course, taught by a very experienced professor. The videos and script, which followed with images and parts of the museum, really helped in making come together with concept and context. It was an excellent course and I would highly recommend it to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was positively terse and much more helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to the specialization. It might be a little basic if you already have a lot of programming background, but it's nice to have the foundation in place before diving into the nuts and bolts of the software. Does a good job of gently introducing the user to Rstudio, git, and github.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome! It changed my view on the topic absolutely! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great course. I learned many things during this course. Btw, the teachers are really cool... super cool.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I would love to find another opportunity like this one again. So gratefThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, as a standalone course, some sections are slightly too short, but the information is great, very useful, nicely presented and works when put into practice. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learned a lot from this course on how to become a much better learner and how to beat procrastination, as far as i have seen all of the techniques i have learned in this course are extremely effective and has drastically influenced and changed my way of thinking and the perception of things.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
interesting programming topics selected. Modifying image is something that everyone could relate to as everyone must have encountered with digital image before.The use of pencode which is WYSIWYG editor makes it more interactive and current. A huge improvement from the plain, boring Python platform and text editor.Most of the instructors facial expression are so dead, and flat-voice delivery makes it a chore to watch. Think how youtube tutorials engage their audience and makes it entertaining to watch. But maybe that's too much to ask for a traditional institutional lecture.Overall, this is one of the best intro to programming video I have watched. The lessons choice are relevant and could be followed with ease.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course! I loved this course and it helped me a lot and is going to help me more and more and more!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course very valuable as much of my job centers around the principals outlined here. I see lots of this as common sense but find it very refreshing to have it in a formal format for others to learn from. I love the comment that we are surrounded by clutter in our writing and need to address it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
he is the best calculus teacher I have ever meetThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a very interesting course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lectures are very intelligible and the professor made working on the assignments more fun! Loved this course! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wow: He is Fantastic: Danny Tukes- I am really enjoying these coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course teaches the basic and fundamental concepts, idea, principles of various forms of business writing. Hope it provides more examples on each topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course for familiarizing yourself with Hybrid Mobile Development. Teaches you the basics and some good features that comes with the Hybrid Mobile App Development.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its excellent. Topic & contents [Including suggested contents ] were too Good]I learnt a lot. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy introduction to nutrition.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed this course a lot, Prof. Mason is a brilliant lecturer, very passionate about her subject and makes very complex phenomenas easy to understand. I definitely recommend this course as introduction to a fascinating topic of neuroscience. The only disappointment was that the staff was not very active at engaging in forum discussions and did not provide any live feedback. I am sure that a course would benefit so much is the students had opportunity to address their questions and thoughts to Prof.Mason and her assistants directly. Thank you so much! Hope that someday you will decide to launch a new advanced course looking deeper at the topics we covered.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the wonderful courses in the dental field, it doesn't only expand my knowledge in Implantology but it give me the opportunity to help and communicate with implant leaders world wide, it's a great chance for every dentist to enroll at least one time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great approach to programming beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, but I found some problems in assignments formulation and also it would be great if some supplementary material was proposed in order to connect this subject with courses, it might seem sometimes disconnected.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good and easy to understand, especially for me whose English is not the first language. Highly recommended. Thank you, Tammy and UCI team.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty easy, only complaint is that the instructor says the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body. This is not true and made me question the rest of the material in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A fine course and a necessary preliminary for the following course by the same good professor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best course on Machine Learning. Prof NG is the Best.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
one of the best course i have ever seen for a beginnerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome course , i loved machine learning because of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wanted to give only 4 stars because of the all the “problems” we encountered, but then we are learners investigating problem solving by design thinking. We can handle whatever comes, so the fifth star is for us. We are shaping this course by contributing to forums. Presumably we are ten thousand strong, let’s improve our worldwide voice by saying something on forms so we can get what we need and want we want also to stay on the cutting edge of reality.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a brilliant course to learn statistics from scratch. The instructors are too good and their teaching methods and examples are very lucid. A must visit course for everyone who wants to get their statistics correctThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice course, I would have loved more video, they were engaging and useful. Also, the course needs more exercises and quizzes are far too easy. A good recap on the subject, helped me, could have been betterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course which give a detail concept of web Programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome professor and course materials. Dr. Chuck explained the contents really well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Python is one of the most important computer language in the worldThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very basic but needed for people not introduced to R! Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great overview and intro to DT, including discussions with the community.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Lipschitz is an amazing lecturer. As a professional archeologist who focused on US prehistoric societies during my graduate studies, I find this class fascinating. The ability to tie archeology to history through written documents is an approach that works quite well. Professor Lipschitz’ use of maps in the lectures really helps to follow the battles and takeovers throughout the Fertile Crescent. I also have to recognize the excellent lecture that Professor Cohen presented on the Babylonian Chronicles. I hope at some point, Professor Cohen is able to present a full class on Assyriology. I will also sign up for any additional courses taught by Professor Lipschitz.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and really well doneThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Encouraging... Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent course. Thank you a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very infomative and innovative. Thanks everyone who have contributed in making this course successful!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the lecture just reading the ppt than extend itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting and Substantive. Easy to understand and practical.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another brilliant course from University of Pennsylvania. I had earlier passed and received a certificate of accomplishment for English for Journalism. Yet another certificate of accomplishment to do with English for business and entrepreneurship is for a complete cycle. Trust me it was not easy but dedication and hard work never disappoint. Is worth every effort I have had to put in.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a well authored and taught course. Loved it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an enlightening experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great intro course for those who'd want to learn how to make iOS apps!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction to the tools needed for the remainder of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! Very well structured and provides basic understanding of the concepts involved in a very clear way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An awesome course with an awesome teacher for awesomely less money with awesomely good materials.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its an amazing course. I am studying psychology in my high school and memory and learning are the topics which made psychology really interesting. The way everything is explained is really interesting and understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provides a clear and straight-to-the-point approach to UX research and prototyping methodologies. The assignments really put knowledge acquired through lessons into practice. And the way in which peer-review exercises are guided makes the learning experience easy and entertaining.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding teachers, excellent explanations with real-life examples, making complex topics understandable quite easily. CongratulationsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction about American College lifeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for beginners. First half is really good, but the second half looks slightly unaccomplished.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Python is a really good programming language and it was presented in the best possible way! The lectures, quiz, assignments and the book - especially the book - all went together really, really well.In summary, one of the best put-together MOOC courses i've had the pleasure of attending. Thanks a ton!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good content, Good approach, good pace.I didn't even realize it, but suddenly I knew HTML and CSS basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
GOOD!I can learn something about the foundation of Graphic Design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a fantastic introductory course on Machine Learning, I really enjoyed working on it. The course has a great balance between theory and practice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple & Sweet way of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. chuck provides one of the best study experience. every one should undertake this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Everything was clearly explained at a comfortable pace. Thanks for the great help!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course.Starts from scratch, explaining how to setup dev environment to creating a working web appThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyable and makes you appreciate how far we have come in such a short time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great, lots of useful practice assignments with detailed explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lectures were good, but I hope more background materials can be released. Understanding the topics needs a relative solid mathematical background. Although having completed the course, I am still confused about some concepts in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course which should be taken when you want to practice Pandas!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck is da man! Awesome class. Dr. Chuck touched upon all the nuances of basic Python that most students are too embarrassed to ask about but which are nevertheless mission-critical to effective programming. This capacity to address unspoken concerns both in presentations and assignments is one of the secrets of a good MOOC professor since students can't ask questions.This class is especially useful for those students who just completed codecademy.com's Python class since it explicitly addresses several issues that weren't addressed there. Finally, no one can rival Dr. Chuck's ability to access celebrity programmers whose presence adds an important dimension of context and helps students feel like they already belong to the international community of coders. Job well done.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is well explained and covers the topic nicely, however, a prior knowledge of grammar and punctuation is required. The instructor has clear pronunciation and a smile on her face that makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The quality of the lectures is very good but the material of the course has some little deficiencies, at least compared to the previous courses of the specialization:-Some slides are not completed. Dr. Khurram Afridi completes these slides in the lecture, but there are not the slides with the final result. I had to take screen captures to save this final result.-Subtitles impede to watch correctly the video when explaining in the subtitles area. I had to switch off the subtitles to be able to watch the video correctly.-I missed the pdfs of the homework assignments. I like to work on them off line, so I had to enter into the assignments to be able to see them.-I also missed the questions alternated during the videos as in previous courses.For these reasons I only give 4 stars instead of 5.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simply the best MOOC on management I've ever participated.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Seemingly straightforward, but packed with information. Sometimes it takes two listens to the videos to realize how much is being taught. Valuable information that moved me forward on my quest to be a published children's author.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A excellent course to review your weakness in Grammar and PunctuationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. I have really learned a lot from this course. The excercises are carefully selected.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
That was awesome! This course was exactly what I needed, It gives me insight into Calculus. I love the effort instructor puts in and his creativity to explain terms. I am gonna take Second part of the course too. PeaceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well delivered, thorough overview, especially good for complete beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, especially for PyNewbies. Fundamentals are provided in funny and interesting manner. Easy to understand and follow.Highly recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very clear, lively and informative. Very good overall!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for learning Machine Learning. Enjoyed a lot through our the sessions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Has been fantastic so far - hoping to purchase and complete itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Highly recommendation for those who wanna start learning programming & getting to know about machine learning. Don't worry if you are not sure about your math abilities cuz Prof. Ng will have own his way to make you understanding clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class. Every concept is thoroughly explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good intro to SEO. I felt like there was a lot, if not too much, time spent on the history of SEO and search engines, but otherwise, it was a well-structured course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really a well designed course for those who wish to start in this field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting, brilliant ! A must-read !!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The professor discusses with ease every assignment that you'll completely understand from the most basic theory to the very complex ones.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great review for IB Economics course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks Yaakov providing such a nice course on SPA with AngularJS. Really appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this is not a an easy course but certainly an awesome oneThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked this course very muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very practical course. Thoroughly enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was so useful and interesting course! It was the first time to take the online course and it helps me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is generally good, but it seems to be a bit of a hybrid of several different courses. Perhaps the videos should be updated so that references in the videos to "the next several weeks" in the last week of the course, don't confuse students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty good basic overview of HTML, CSS and Javascript.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an amazing courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course gives very basic information about using python to retrieve web data in json and html format. It's helpful and makes the learners feel good. This course is that it prepares almost ready codes for every test and homework. This could be a good reference for people who want know how to do sth, but have no much time digging into the complex way. However, it may also reduce the strength of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great and Excellent thoughts and course material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Straightforward, very well executed. I love this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
some of the material needs update, like the Redlaser case.otherwise, this course changed my perception about online learning. It was interactive and the case studies were creative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well framed capstone project. no less than real project.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for understanding the basics of project management! Good teacher and good materials.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such a wonderful and comprehensive course, all the professors were so knowledgeable that I have got something new in each and every second. This course will help me in my teaching profession. I want to pay great thanks to Coursera for providing such a brilliant platform, and to the Wharton for providing so productive course. I recommend each and every to take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good overview of the core principles of data scienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course, with clear explanations and easy to follow!!! I loved it! Strongly recommend for those with any interest in the universe!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
in my opinion, with more details, we could learn more about RThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helpful in understanding the history of smartphones.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is powerful and enlightening for those who want to go into the field of design of video games, design of characters, and simply story telling.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Women have lived in the midst of armed conflict in different parts of the world, but each context we have our own truth. This course allows me as leader of women find a clear path to our own resilience.thanks prof. dr. Edwin Bakker, thanks University of Leiden.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great materials for learning ClassificationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has been beneficial so far and I love the videos. The instructors are able to get their point across using layman terms, which is helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class.Would be nice if we had more assignments. I'm really excited about starting the next course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for introduce. Review the content of the four week.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a fascinating and interesting course, and it helped me a lot understand different circumstances of various Muslim countries.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Miss Zhang Li is so fun and humorous, and her lectures are very easy to understand. By taking this course, i got a fundamental picture about using Python to analyze data.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent course. I work in a startup and i find this course very relevant to how I interact with customers, and how to set business prioritiesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very helpful for People to learn efficiently.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fun and applicable to any classroom!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good Course design for the beginners who does not know anything about programming and Python. Must Give it a try so that you can know and understand the basics ! overall i will give 9/10.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The assignments seemed somewhat easy compared to curriculum which became more difficult. I would say that the assignments from the first course were more challenging then those from the second. I also think very little attention was paid to new monad constructs like Try, Validate and scala's reactive library, but I guess the later was left for the third course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent combination of conceptual and practical quizzes. Providing the presentation slides is a great note-taking aid, as well as use of "ride-along" notebooks. The progressive use of the same dataset throughout the modules greatly aided focus on learning the algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Do I receive a Statement of Accomplishment?The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good but it was also good to let the students do some of the codings, I found the coding part actually very simple and shortThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for the course. Very informative. It was the first time I finished the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basic statistics course....could have been a requisiteThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and easy to understand, the professor is really good, interesting practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very intensive, a lot of work on assignments but at the end very happy to done this...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Practical explanationWell designed exercicesInteresting and usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear, easy to understand, very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Not your usual entry-level course. This class provides everything to get you started on real-world machine learning applications. Absolutely recommended. Fair warning though, it's gonna require a non-negligible amount of time and effort.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Short and sweet. Very informative indeed.Thank you Coursera!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
well done!all about i have to know about mongodb, but the assignment are too much time expensive for who have a job, like meThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor was absolutely fantastic, clear, articulate and knowledgeable. Course material was well paced and adequate. Really enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
work motivational, very clear, well structured on a steady groove ... excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great introductory course that helps you setup the tools you would need to carry out data science related work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perhaps not the most appropriate for people with some coding experience but I really wish my first programming classes were half as good as Professor Severance's classes. I strongly recommend them if you are beginner, and even if you're not, they are most fun and allow you to slowly learn Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is a good introduction for anyone beginning to work with GIS, because it starts from the very basics. The course has a great format and content; it's one of the best I've taken on Coursera. The tutorial assignments and project are great for practicing the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting, though it does not dive deep in the maths. Concepts like ensemble methods are missing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck is one of the best.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, Professor Gabriele Troilo is obviously very passionate about food and the subject matter. I thoroughly enjoyed this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very helpful class. instructor is very clear.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Practical and well organized, this course was a pleasure to take.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course has sufficient theory and examples to explain the fundamental & implementations in practical world. It would certainly help personnel to deal certainly in better and effective manner. hanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, engaging, a great way to learn Python for those with little or no prior programming experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Truly a great course. It teaches so much while encouraging practical knowledge. I have really enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course on Machine Learning. Go for it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy and lucid flow and syllabus.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course provides the student a profound understanding of the statistics behind the bayesian approach. Also, it gives some intuition for the difference between the frequentist and the bayesian approach, although that part could have been more explicit in my opinion. It would be very helpful to have more examples on the differences in using freq vs bayesian approach, the gains from using bayesian approach, examples of where the freq approach is limiting / misleading in its 'objectiveness'. More 'real life' examples instead of coin flipping examples - although easy to follow - would be very helpful as well, maybe in a consecutive course with applied bayesian statistics?The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You learn the core of programming languagesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course! Especially that scikit-learn can be used as framework for solving assignments and at the same time exercises for programming of learning algorithms from scratch. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
excellent class. I feel prepared for tackling real world problems nowThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. I used some of the videos to prepare and brush up for job interviews. Super helpful to play back at double speed ;-)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good to learn the differences between each kind of sentences, and how is the punctuation for each one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very well structured and presentedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very enriching course. Steep learning curve for beginner in the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction. Dr Chuck covers the critical pieces without throwing everything at you. Highly recommend it for people learning from square one or just wanting add another language to their toolkit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
These were valuable information not taught in med school! Thumbs up!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice way of bringing all the courses together into a project that can be utilized in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course serving as an introduction to breast cancer and the many treatment options.Dr. Chagpar has done a magnificent job of presenting the material and her passion for the subject is evident.The world is lucky to have such a dedicated professional present this important health information to students around the world and free of charge from one of the greatest universities.I would have liked some additional information on diet and alternative therapies as well as proton therapies, however, as Dr. Chagpar explained, there is little data on these subjects and clinical trials are still going on.If you are interested in breast cancer, then this is an excellent place to start and highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is really a good class for programming beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, easy to follow with good and useful tips and procedures from hosts and guests.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course! Just wish there was a state of accomplishment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hello, I met here some extraordinary people. The course was very exciting, intriguing and remarcable concise. As a lecturer (with a degree in Civil Engineering) I found this course very useful for my futures lessons, the way of learning that is taught here is fitting like a glove. I feel that I have improved my way of thinking and I thank you for that.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Must if you want to get start Machine Learning. The video content is very interesting. Quizzes help to learn better. I want also to highlight home work. It was designed perfectly. Andrew Ng you a great teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although behind I not seriously enough, but it will guide me to greater efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course for beginners. Thanks a lot, Dr. Chuck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent professor and content of the extra materialThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am very thankful for having opportunity to learn Machine Learning from this brilliant course by great teacher Mr Andrew Ng. I would highly recommend it to anybody, even a complete beginners, since Mr Ng is thoroughgoing on explaining all details relevant to the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect !!! The best course on experiment I've ever take.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. seems like some things that were referred to during some of the lectures were missing and kinda left you waiting for more. Hoping they will be completed in future courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing! It changed my life. I wish I had all of this information when I was much younger.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned the basics of what goes on in data science world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really easy and useful. Thank you very muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course with a lot of supporting material which is a great starting point for further research.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content presented well. Professor Chuck is great and feels like he's right there with you. Very taken with his dedication and love of teaching. It shines though and the course is wonderful. I'm in it simply for the knowledge and it's all FREE!!! This course should be mandatory in middle/high school. So critical to just basic thinking and problem solving completely unrelated to programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course. I have already recommended to a friend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i find this course highly helpful to learn new aspects of poetry, embrace new thoughts and new ideas to write upon.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is so useful for the students who are just enetering the world of Big Data...It helps to understand all the terms and related meanings and also the applications required to do the big Data projectThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wish the instructors can be more clear with the Git and Github part. I still don't fully understand how to use Github for various tasks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
well laid out course. I could have gone with some more answers to some questions I had. But overall was worth the time and effortThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course to learn and understand python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good concept. Helpful explanations and fun practice parts. The mentors are patient and answering every question in no time. Keep on going!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. Gives you a great kick start to the theme.Programming exercises guide you through basics of ML and give good practice experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful for beginners, the examples are very well chosen to help you understand the meaning of all the mathematical formulas.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enriching thinking about the characteristics of global finance!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really helpful not only for beginners but as well as to those people who already familiar with Korean Language. It introduces you with alphabets, grammar, pronunciation and also the cultural aspect. In this program, I have become more familiar with sentence construction and gaining extra vocabulary that I can use for daily conversations. But the most fun part is that there is also a forum section where you can share and gather inputs and discuss in depth the lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Very good, if you want to learn something just try these classes !!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lecture videos move very fast at times but the information is concise and useful. The professor uses lots of examples to illustrate each of the topics covered and helps facilitate the students in adapting the concepts into their own lives and experiences.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredible Course! Thumbs up! Finance is a fundamental aspect of our lives and we would all do well understanding how we can use the markets to improve our future. Thank You very muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good pace, thorough presentation, challenging but reasonable programming exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really nice course to get you start with the Data science in PythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, superb presentation, Leiden Law School proves they are best in world for International Tax.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved the course! Please have more fashion courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, excellent professor, one of the best experiences of my studiesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is my first course in Coursera and I am extremity happy with it. The teaching is excellent and i get remainders and updates to my E-mail on a regular basis. I never expected an online course to be this good. Thank you very much for that.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course overall. Excellent, well compiled set of lectures and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice although sometimes the questions could be a bit more pointed towards the actual substance of the matters and have a bit more of an international view (read: non-US). Would recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well-designed course that allows me to understand the web development concepts. Each section is clear and flows to the next section. A great teaching method that makes you think and try out the changes. It does not matter if you make mistakes, the tutor as your back, and provides the before and after source code. Brilliant, other course providers should follow a similar method.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course explaing all the needs of regression analysisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As non-education major, presenting the approaches using a historical timeline is helpful. This way, it was easier to see the weakness of each approach although it could get quite confusing at times because a few approaches have significant overlaps.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have been only into the preview week and the course is amazing. It has given me amazing insights and helped me understand my thinking patterns. Now I understand why my brain thinks the way it thinks. The rest 4 days have been wonderful. I am able to take control of my thought pattern and learn a lot. Looking forward to the complete course. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent source of review and practical application of teacher-learner situation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
simple and effective way of teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content, but I would prefer the assignments be evaluated and rated by experts, not the colleagues.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is good, but I think they speak so fast.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I never know learning programming could be this fun and intellectually-rewarding. The Professor is of the best quality and humor that I have ever encountered. Keep it up!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course with rich pedagogy and informed insight into terrorism and counter-terrorism. Easily one of the best courses on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent stat up course for machine learning! Clearly explained what I need to know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You know what, it's not that complex.... it was never that complex...... humans are missing something very basic, elemental, kinda stupid thing I guess. Humans need another stupid.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great calm organized instructor who helps put previous knowledge into logical perspective. Strongly advise this course for anyone who wants an overview of the time period.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I wish this was more extensive /detailed course and assignments little bit more complex. The moderator timely response was greatly lacking. If the course instructor is asking the students to try out RDD while the auto-grader depends on SQL, it should have been clarified.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course, although the very beginning is very basic. exceeded expectations. I would have liked it to have the video transcripts, as i like to have another source for learning and understanding the contents. i liked the professor and his attitude. i think some things are left kind of unanswered or implicit, which for someone who is not directly involved with the subject confuse me. maybe Q&A sessions with the professor would also be a good idea besides the recommended transcripts. overall it was very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The videos are sometimes interesting, but explanations would have been clearer if there are documents provided as visual aids.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed taking this course, very simple and clear information.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Straight to the point. The way any writing course should be. Brilliant.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
to me as a total newby in the topic the content was really interestinghowever, its presentation. well. I truly thank the teachers for bringing together the review of all the approaches. but the manner of presentation was so artificial I couldn't help thinking just - when will the real learning begin? without all the silly role plays?again, thanks, I tearned a lot from the course. but I did also struggle through it because of the teachers' manner of presentationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fascinating insights on how one's brain orients itself in space via the senses. The lectures are loaded with useful examples, relevant research, and helpful visual aids. The class stirred in me more of an appreciation for the interrelatedness of each of the senses with each other and with memory. Dr. Groh sheds light on several of the brain's strategies for efficiently intrpreting of a complex environment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well-explained course, with essential details and different points of view by other conductors who live different contexts in conducting types. Excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well explained. The guy in the video jumps and make it harder to be distracted. Nice. I hope to see more courses from you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction to basic language and concepts of strategy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Motivation for guys like me to learn online which by the way is THE BEST mode of study.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good introduction at an appropriate pace for people not overly familiar with the material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! It covers adolescent health from different perspectives.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, extremely practical and usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is highly practical and effective in applying abstract concepts in real world applications. The course is direct and clean.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course information and content ! Very interesting ! Unfortunately there is a peer graded assignment which 3 classmates must grade. Although two of my classmates gave me all passing grades one classmate gave me all 0's and didn't really justify why; which made me have to re submit my assignment. Thankfully 3 other amazing classmates saw the quality of my work :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. Very thorough. Plenty of interesting and useful content.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Learning Experience. Clear lectures and beneficial. Looking forward to the next session.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely Amazing Content! I loved it!I learned so much my head is spinning!Thank you Professor John M. and Professor Suseela M. for a lovely course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For anyone getting started this is a great course to do it with. I'm retaking this course as a refresher since I took the same class in the beginning of the year. I've been very busy so I forgot some functions. The videos & explanations make it very easy to get reacquainted. Plus what's more fun than getting some more production in, hearing your own creations & everyone else's for that matter. =)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is well done and useful.Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Holy cow, the capstone project is amazing! I presented it to my boss, who has asked me to present my plan to the Senior Leadership Team in 2 weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An amazing tool for entrepreneursThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The end section for assembling the comic feels a bit outdated. And I would have liked an option for learning or practicing with choosing layouts for the comic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for those eyeing for a quick know-how. Wouldnt recommend it to those particularly interested in learning the mathematics behind the algorithms. Prof Ng is undoubtedly a great teacher, makes the concepts look simple and easy to understand. In short, I d rate 5/5 as an engineer and 4/5 as someone interested in the math.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a pleasant journey through the web foundations.Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such a great intro to GIS, I thoroughly enjoyed the course and would recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, it gave me basic concepts and a good aproach to RThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a basic and introduction course to user experience and prototyping. The projects every week are pretty interesting and useful for you to think like designers. I hope there will be more detailed examples of design techniques in the video.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting subject and one of the best exams I've encountered so far.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Why 5 stars:1. The amount of effort to put the course together is evident. It is not easy to go over all the basics in such short videos but Yaakov has managed to construct the course in such a way that we have enough understanding to ask the right questions that we can then investigate.2. Practice quizzes after the lectures are very helful. They help us refresh the concepts and also give us a sense of confidence that we have understood the lecture.3. The on screen recording is done very well. No clutter or unnecessary clicks and easy to follow.4. Engages with students in the forums.Room for improvement:1. A cheat sheet document would be great. I am taking notes but wish I had an organized and concise document that contains the rules/syntax that need to be memorized.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot.The notions of testing and debugging really inspired me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, informative, good use of visuals. Work is at an easy pace for those with less time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best course to start learning pyhton.Dr. chuck is good instructor and the rest team is also very responsive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. Many valuable information and advice about writing in general not just aimed at young readers. Would recommand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was well organized and highlighted the most influential environmental law cases in the US. It would be great if the course could be updated to reflect the recent COP21-Paris AgreementThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this is a good lectureThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
LLENO MIS ESPECTATIVAS ... MUY BUENO EL CURSO. Y DE MUCHA UTILIDAD PARA APLICAR CON MIS ESTUDIANTES... GRACIAS A ESTE CURSO ME SIENTO MAS CONFIADO EN HABLAR DEL TEMAS A MIS ALUMNOS... GRACIASThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction and exercise in the fundamentals of modern machine learning.Would be better if an optional reading list of key articles/books in the field were provided.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the essential course for understanding basics and importance of business strategy. Also the language used in the course is simple English so thos who are not good in English, don't worry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great teacher. I learned a lot from this class. Every topic was well explained with illustrative examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sorry by the terrible English, i'm a Portuguese speaker =)But i'll try to say this: This courser was amazing for me, I learned a lot with the lessons of Andrew and certainly now I can explore more this area of AI that is Machine Learning. I'm a student of Physics Engineering in UFG, in the state of Goiás, Brasil, and these knowledge will help me in Data Analysis, that is basically the principal active of a Experimental Physicist.Hopefully this course will help more a lot of people in many areas, like IT guys, Physicists, Chemists and who knows who else.Just to finish, my thanks to Andrew Ng by the classes, to the Stanford University by the course and to Coursera Team for the platform.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learning how to learn is basic. In this course, i have known the way to learn and i am confident to learn better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course! It has inspired me to take on new subjects and challenges while also teaching me the skills needed to interweave them and apply them to my professional development!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took more than 12 hours to finish the assignment for week 4. The estimate (3h) is likely to be wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am excited to finally start learning Python and I found the structure and approach used in the first course in the series very easy to pick up and follow along. Thanks for making this Coursera experience interesting, engaging, and fun!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome .. Thank you Very MuchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It has been a wonderfull experience learning this course. Just waiting to get to the next levelThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A large number of topics covered.A very good explanation of the material.Interesting programming assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the way Pro. Ng introduces complicated idea by intuition. I never thought I could understand Neural Network, but finally I can even implement it. And everything are connected, it's like reading a novel when taking this course. You will naturally move on and on, chapter by chapter.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I didn't knew anything about marketing when I started the course. I liked the lecture's content and all the activities. This is my first online course that I've finishedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pretty decent class. Especially for those who is just beginning to learn Python. The only issue I had with this course is the on-line python compiler, which sometimes would erroneously interprets spacing and would randomly throw errors. Retyping and recompiling your code would solve the problem, but this is very annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanksa lot forthe course! It was very useful and Ienjoyed each evening when I met you guys online in two months! iTWAS AN EXCITING TIME!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very concrete and useful information, very well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an incredible privilege to be taught by Prof Sachs, during this course. The content challenged some of the current views I held about sustainable development and encouraged my own thinking on the subject matter within my skill set. Highly recommendable!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It seemed to be more jazz than blues, but it was entertaining and educational.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent material and lectures. Top notch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful for people who want to learn the usefulness and concepts of digital marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well structured course. Course content was simple to understand and rich enough to cover important aspects of the discipline. Well articulated and well delivered by the teachers. Would like to deep dive into other related topics and specifically looking forward to Scrum tools and techniques in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The Case Assignments are pretty usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great course and great reading material. Easy to understand but precise and deepThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great syllabus and great learning materialsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great and nice, explained in simple terms...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice , very constructive , didn't know a thing about programming and now i love that thank you guys :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course. I like the perspective of positivity, instead of only looking for problems in people's lives (like psychology does mostly)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its nerve racking....it keeps one on the toesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You get to learn a lot about AngularJS and other tools. I enjoyed learning this course. It was demanding at times but in the process you get to learn a lot of things, so it was rewarding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Basic and informative Course. Looking Forward to next courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. Well explained, the professor makes it very easy to understand and gives very good material. I liked the programming assignments, best way to learn and apply the new skills following small steps.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another great course with lots of support from the mentors. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best course i have fall in love with this..!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction to a beautiful languageThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Taking this course has changed my outlook towards life and the world. Earlier, I used to blame everything for any problems that I faced, but now I've started to count my blessings for thousands of small happy things happening in my life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Universally applicable, presented in an entertaining manner, and quite thorough. Even experienced writers will pick up on one or two aspects they usually overlook. Highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative and the reading material for the week helped a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fowler is the man Keep on! Wonderful!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
super course. Enjoyed it very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Every course taught by dr Chuck is a new quality. Substance of the course is little more demanding than previous 2 courses but paradoxically I had a feeling that new topics were taught without going into details... which paradoxically is good for the course. Dr Chuck showed some teasers of Python abilities and if You are more interested in some topics You practice in on your ownThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course full of useful resources, content materials (from core concepts to regulation and valuations), recognised industry guest speakers, not to mention Stefano's passion for teaching. I can only recommend this course. Many thanks U.Bocconi!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy for a new starterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quick, great intro information to get an understanding of the expectations of this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Anexceptionally well designed course. Instructors are very helpfull too.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This Course is really excellent, as it helped me to increase my efficiency in studies and other day today chores.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr Chuck is amazing! Enjoyed every second of the course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction to the basic principles of graphic design. It made me excited to continue through the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple and basic for beginners to get started with Objective CThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Third course in the specialization and it's only getting more exciting!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great dynamic, interesting speakers and round-table,The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course! Very informative!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned great things about climate changeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course in understanding simple techniques to improve the learning process. I use these methods of learning to overcome the innate prorastination I go through on a regular basis. I would like to thank Dr. Oakley and Dr. Sejnowski for sharing this wonderful course with the world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course. Compared to standard university courses I attended during my electrical engineering degree, this is by far the course taught best and providing the best learning material (especially the programming examples). One can see that they put a lot of effort in setting up a course that teaches the content very efficieThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good composed, explains in a very good manner the complex topic, a general overview about the tools and their connection to each other would be great and helping, as there are many tools to install and understand the functions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Good overview of history, well taught, and very much worth the time and the effort.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very useful course in Machine Learning, especially if you do the programming exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course with interesting lectures as well as written sources. It helped me understand the body fuctions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Interesting and exciting to learn more strategies..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very nice coaching by chuckThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is pretty useful for teachers as well als learners - and especially for teachers who think they are learners all the time anyways. There is so much background and neurobiology in that it is really worth trying. Even if you already found your own methods of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course have vigorous structure and systematic content. It's very practical because of its focus on clinical operation. With the various forms of expression such as video, photo etc, we can understand all the content better. The course is very attractive.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was my first course on coursea and I enjoyed it. I found the material beneficial and useful.I particularly liked the interviews as well; very helpful.I felt that this was a very practical place to start for my first course before embarking on learning new subjects that I've never thought of before.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good overview of energy that opened my eyes for how to solve in a sustainable way the global warming and food issues.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great course, the teacher is great and explain the concepts in an easy way to understand. I recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course! I have taken a variety of other terrorism courses over the years and this is definitely one of the best courses I have ever been involved in. I will recommend this course to anyone seeking to expand their knowledge base!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course, looking forward to the rest of the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! The material is presented in a logical order and in an easy-to-understand way. In the videos, proofs for most of the concepts and methods are discussed, so "why?" is no longer a mystery. The textbook also is a good supplement to the videos. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn more about sequences and series.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this professor and he taught beautifully even in Producer and Consumer behavior, the prequel course in this specialization. High expectations from this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and dynamic! Loving it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A wonderful experience. Day to day concepts which goes unnoticed put in a crisp and clear manner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course ! Excellent. Prof. Herbert has a great didactics, the material is clear and very well planned, including the assessments. Thank you very much. Flavio Lichtenstein (Brazil).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, the peer-editing could be improved or find a different mode of judgement.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite an interesting course with a lot of different information, practical as well as theoretical. However, it would be great to translate and upload a New Nordic diet cooking book in English, to make it available for all the students of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Everyone should participate to improve one's quality of life.ErnestThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is an excellent introduction to thinking about algorithms and data structures.It is challenging, in that the assignments can feel overwhelming, but the discussion forums are an excellent place to ask for any clarification.The videos are very helpful, consistent, and well-paced, and the instructor is incredibly knowledgeable and articulate.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course under the mentorship of Amity Gaige. She is a gorgeous mentor. I learned a lot of new things! Thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Most awesome course that I have ever done. I have overcame my OCD almost 50% after completing this course. I have started learning math which I thought I am disable to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course if you wish to learn about various neural network architectures and the tasks they perform best atThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was definitely a step up in difficulty from the previous one, but it's at just the right level. The quality of videos has also increased.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Super! It gave me a lot of useful information. I enjoy it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant! Fascinating, funny and deeply engaging. I love every minute of it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful course that anyone needs ,not only for career , but also for life experince.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have really enjoyed this!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introduction into big data. Material is well organized and well presented for anyone that is not familiar with big dataThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very smooth and informative, and the instructor is incredible!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
explained in the best possible wayThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well structured course. Gives a good overview of the basics of cloud computing. couple of typos in the transcripts. will flag errors in future coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just Great. Actual, Useful, iNTERESTING, amazing teacher,Thank you very muchDomiThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thoughtful and clean -- a great introduction to PM.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This has been one of the most fantastic journeys in my (upper) education! Excellent teaching, great contents, definitely valuable for anyone involved in business relationships.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for the beginner with little or no programming experience. The lectures are well delivered and short allowing them to be watched practically anywhere you have a spare 15 mins!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course to start with the python..!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i really liked the course thank you so muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Instructors are amazing and the course is not overwhelming at all.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learn a lot of things in python that's why I vote 5 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very challenge though, also help me learn a lot through the five projects. High recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great if you are looking for the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent starter for python lover . Great support for self learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was beautifully made, the content was rich and meaty and yet not overwhelming. The modules were compact and yet well paced, presented using the very same principles being taught. My children (ages 8,10, 12) would even sit down and watch Dr. Shane's lessons with me, every week!Thank you very much to the team behind the Teach English Now specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really nice teacher!I could got the point eazliy but the vThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was great from beginning to end. It woke up this creativity in me that i haven't seen since i was in freshmen year of high school.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoying every bit of it!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely useful for those interested in fashion and luxury!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introductory course about Clinical Trials methodology. It helps if you have some background knowledge on Epidemiology.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another great class in this specialization. I recommend these courses to all educators, regardless of the subject you teach. It will help you teach your subject better, and also help you better understand language teaching so you can be more understanding of, and helpful to, your English language learners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting!!!I'm surprised, it's my first course in Coursera and It's very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course works as a reminder and as an inspiring turning point for my career. Great job curating the contents and choosing the teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Covers great data science concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although I studied only week1, I would like to give feedback because students who are not good at writing should not miss this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot in this course, even though I was not new to the subject. Great review of psychological traps and biases to avoid, and a nice overview of third party and alternative resolution options. THANKS Professor Seidel for making all of this knowledge available!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
During last time I've learned a lot of about Supply Chain Managemet. I'm sure it will help me in the future! All The Best for excellent professor Bowon Kim!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
From this course, The Department's sanitary sewer unit is responsible for the operation and maintenance of the sanitary sewer system to provide residential, commercial, and industrial sanitary sewer users with a system that is safe and adequate in capacity while preventing costly and potentially hazardous sanitary sewer backups. The operation and maintenance of all sanitary sewer mains and manholes, televising, flushing, manhole rehabilitation and repair, root cutting of sanitary main lines, and the inspection, monitoring, repair, and replacement of pumps, motors, and electrical components.Homeowners are responsible for the proper care and maintenance of their sewer service line beginning at the house and up to where it connects with the Village sewer main. A customer service representative will come to your home and determine where the problem is. If the problem is a blockage in the Village main line, a Village crew will be dispatched to clear the obstruction.Planning and Design of Sanitation system course and training module assignments are good to understand the concepts to develop the plan.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Everyone should engage in this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very good to understand how the brain works. I totally recommend the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has taught me a lot of reminding about what I have already learned but have forgotten about them and served to validate them again. Excellent on line course and FREE AT THAT. Can't get a better deal than that. Congratulations to those involved in putting up on line such very informative and fun course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the best place to learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Informative with useful assignments and optional lectures that provide a deeper mathematical understanding. Great for newbies as well as more seasoned computer scientists looking to expand into new material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Maybe quite basic, but useful on the certification pathThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It really is python for EVERYBODY, was a bit too simple for me. With very little python experience I completed all assignments in 2 days.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Most interesting and challenging course till now. Learnt a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course content, flow and example sharing by Mr. Dave Nagy. Thanks UCI for providing such a wonderful course.Thanks!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Useful and handy introduction to the art of managing as a coach. Recommended for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely wonderful information that has opened my eyes to so many aspects of my different social circles and the science behind why we do the things we do as a collective.Very inspiring research!Looking forward to making my way through the specialization.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great and valuable knowledge, focused explanations, great teachers. One of the best courses in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
what a way to convey the course materiall!! amazing!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, to the pointThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent insights presented in a easy to understand way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course, sets you up with the basics for R programming, and sets you up with all the tools. Basic introduction to Git makes it interesting.Overall, great.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Inspriational! Well presented, interesting and useful. Everybody should take this course. Thank you to all those involved in developing this course. I'm already putting the teaching into practice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! I learned to combine traditional strategic concepts with game theory. I would liked some bibliographic references.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good classes to get a basic understanding about python programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This subject has been presented in a very interesting and motivating way by Prof. Hornstein. I have learned much about relevant legislation, Supreme Court jurisdiction and international agreements in the context of environmental issues. Since environmental problems concerns all of us I can warmly recommend to take this course to everyone.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent in depth explanation of RDD and the API.Heather is super informative and the material is being passed in a practical and explanatory way.Hopefully there will be more courses like this one about Spark Streaming and Machine Learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple but quite informative. Useful for my work now.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have always wanted to learn deeply about Beethoven's Sonatas as I listen to them on a daily basis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
VERY INTERESTING AND INNOVATIVE. I HIGHLY RECOMMENDThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks, I could learn on it in an easy way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
prof NG is the best!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me realize that changing is very vital for life including learning, working and many aspects of life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very clear and well organized. I can recommend it to anybody who wants to know how to use the language correctly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is really good and clear. Love itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good course. It is very well-explained and you feel that you finally start programming FOR REAL. I recommend it 100% for anyone who is trying to start programming!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very insightful class. Certainly would need an update on 3d printing as well as virtual reality developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really nice course for Python beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Very well taught. Covers everything you need to get up to speed on the basics of HTML, CSS and JavaScript.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, awesome professor! The course is great for all, even people who currently work in graphic design. I especially recommend this course for those of us who either have no formal training/education or those of us who have been in the business so long that a refresher course just adds value to what we already accomplish on a daily basis.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. A unique experience for who's interested in these topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sound information. Would have liked more verbal communication regarding communication styles. Maybe some role playing scenarios.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course. Lessons are masterpiece. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Just Amazing i love Chuck!!! :D xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx <3 <3 <3 im not gay honestThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Explanations are so logical and understandable that I very often have an impression of knowing what comes next. It is unbelievable how good this course are.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An outstanding addition to your MBA education!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very clear and understand material.TksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Simple, short, to the point, some extra links would be more helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you once again Courser and Team for their generous contribution towards students across globe. The teachers and courses mentors specially Sophie who was awesome during the assignment for her nice clarification. This course was challenging but fun.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very challenging course. Could have been 5 had the course duration been stretched by 2 weeks.Tough to complete and do justice to the subject matter in the time frame provided.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice one. may be not the one for a beginner but help to gain some basicsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was OK! One of the most valuable parts of this course are their excels woorksheets, very very useful. Moreover, the clever view of the trainers is fantastic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good examples of interesting situationsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I feal so amazed by all the information, is a complete course and i would like to learn more about antimicrobial resistance. Thank you professor Lina <3The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This has been an interesting and informative course. It would be nice if Prof Ferris could produce an intermediate course on the same topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So Userfull and funny course. it's very good if you want to leard front web UI developer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excelent material and information! Very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
the course provides the necessary information and practice assignments to build a grasp of the topic. It seems a little fast paced and people from non-statistics background may find it a bit difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent- introduced some great ideas of how to think about strategy in the 21st century, and how it differs from 20th century business strategiesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Was very thorough, entertaining and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Superb presentation of objective methods to approach negotiations, with exercises andThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course.A real privilege to have this kind of instructors. Exceptional opportunity to receive information directly from one of the main protagonists of the event.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well structured and presented the main data structs in PythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think it's very useful for me, however some Chinese students thought this course was not coThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very helpful and well designed, thank you !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very simple and usefuli recommend every person to take this course for personal and practical lifeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course really usefull for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So far, I have learned much.I recommend youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is well-structured and useful. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was pretty well without problems, flaws bugs, so all went well and it achieved its stated aims in my opinion. I was beta-testing, so to say few or almost zero problems is high praise.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course ... Everyone interested in this domain should do it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am satisfied with the course content. It gave me a great opportunity to learn programs and also a great step forward in web programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It taught a lot of tools and introductionsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course with an excellent instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Solid foundational database concepts in Python if you're looking to learn the basics or brush up on fundamentals. However, if you're looking for more advanced topics, you might want to look at more advanced classes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great for learning the basis and get the grip of things, also it focus a lot in good practices!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks to Andrew Ng for preparing an enjoyable course. I could watch the lectures while commuting on the tube and learning a lot. I got the basic of Machine Learning and I think I will use his lectures as references for revising when I go through more complicated algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the use of practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is a great introduction to video game development using Unity 3D.Highly recommendable for those who love videogames and want to create their own.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course for beginners, it gives you the basics and hints for further self development in this fieldThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very good. However the course covers only the basics of how to use python to access web data. It would have been good to add an assignment to use REST APIs in the real world scenario.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took this class as a chemistry review for my MCAT and really liked the concept development approach. As an undergraduate, I learned a lot of these concepts by memorization but never made the connections or the thorough understanding as I did after taking this course. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helps you improve your writing with quite clear grammatical suggestionsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course. Videos are very clear and well structured that for me (with non-law degree) was very easy to follow and systemize my knowledge. Thank you very much.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a quick an relevant intro to the getting data and conducting basic manipulationsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Indy you rock with that Uke.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The instructor Chuck absolutely does a wonderful job and the structure of this course is well designed in helping me understand Python and use the tool.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course and high dynamic TeachersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'd expected it to be more difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found the class to be very informative. The assignments on creating charts and graphs for large data sets were practical and helped me understand the concepts taught in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some topics were rather basic; however, this is a great and insightful course for beginner/intermediate Excel users on how to leverage the tools in Excel in data analytics!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent with many resources availableThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is great, professors are awesome and quality of material is great. I loved it and I highly recommend this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I got exactly what i expected from this course - great starting point on my journey to master Python. Thank you professor Campbell and professor Gries and thank you all others who were involved in creating this course whose names we don't know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much for this wonderful lecture! For the first time, I enjoyed a research method course! I learned more than a lot! I look forward to see more lectures! Thank you, thank you!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. Dr. Chuck has provided a great depth of knowledge that was easily understood.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for beginners! Though the work was simple, I still found the material to be quite useful in helping me understand the code a bit better. The professor was very clear for all the topics, making Python so much easier to learn than I would have thought possible!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very comprehensive course. I recommend this course for everybodyThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting course. It would be perfect if the students can find very simple slides without too much word, but with images and examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful, as all the courses by Dr. Chuck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I haven't finished the course yet, but I liked it so much that I convinced my husband and my mom to enroll in it as well. The content of this course is so important that I honestly think it should be a mandatory class for everyone who is genuinely interested in learning, which could be a teenager on High School or an adult starting college. Finding this course feels like finding a treasure, thanks for creating such an amazing course and making it available on Coursera to the general public!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have so much fun drawing and writing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed. Thank you! Headed to forming my String Quartet!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course did a great job of teaching how to get started with HTML5, the course work really made it easy to learn how to use HTML.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great start to the machine learning world!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! Many thanks to the three excellent instructors! :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course. But peer assignment/reviews takes much more time than estimated 30 minutes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
At the start, I felt this course was mostly uninteresting, irrelevant and unnecessary. Pretty much a waste of time. But as things progressed, I discovered there were lots of great theory and concepts introduced that play a critical role in how the game industry and professionals need to think and work.My only complaint after having completed this course is that the instructors didn't do a good job explaining why this course should be taken. Once you're in and working your way through, you should see the importance. But on first glance it sounds irrelevant.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and interesting course. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class about leadership. For building it, you will need to work on yourself and that's the all point of this class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's really for people without any programming background. To me, as an experienced programmer, it's not concise enough.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good content and essentially methodology of applying the knowledge learnt in real life casesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well done, straight to the point, I couldn't imagine better course on the subject. I actually read a lot about this subject in different books, this is by far the best and more concise one. CheersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
thanks for your kindness to letting me and people to get such an important free courses,and really i liked this course and i wish to complete it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, good material and explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its really very helpfull! Thank for all the people providding this for me!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great information. I learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course for people who want to systmatically learn ASD. No need for prior knowledge in Psychology.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Research basted "Happiness" metrics is new to me. Will be very useful in my advocation of mentoring under-achieving young peopleThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Progressive exercises and efficient support. It is possible to do the certification more quickly using only the book. But the videos and interactivity of Coursera add interesting elements. A very adaptable and efficient way to learn the basics of Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall great course. The videos were extremely helpful in learning the material. The labs and project were well put together to help learn R.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
course well organised. nice note preparation and hand outs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
During the specialization I only missed some support material. it was a fantastic courser, thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great book and great content on the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I don't have any children, but I decided to do this course to gain basic knowledge of nutrition and how to sustain a healthy lifestyle for myself. This course was fantastic for me. The recipes that were given - I use on a weekly basis. The notes I took from the course - I look over often to refresh my memory. I highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn about a healthy lifestyle that then can be passed on to children.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great classes, awesome teacher. Hands on, straight to the point.... A++++The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this very useful for the beginning with SEO. There are lots of the areas to deepen, but for general understanding it was really convenient.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Audited the course - This course laid out the perfect groundwork if you want to be a business analyst. Prof Egger talks about the different companies, what sort of skillets you need. Its a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course! Opened my eyes (and heart) up to the possibilities of applying Pos Psych in the work I do for others. I am eager to learn more!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good introduction to this specialization, with fun and thought-provoking exercisees.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you professor Andrew, it was very enjoyable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Concepts well taught.Challenging Assignments.No road-blocks.Clear notations.Learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's good to learn new about cyber security and assignment are good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course and teacher !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a wonderful course and i would highly recommend. I got exposed to many new concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course, nicely presented. Lots of information about origins and ties together nice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good course on classification as previous two.Good explanation on topics like logistic regression, stochastic gradient descent. The assignments are well designed.However the decision tree part should introduce entropy and gini which are mainly used for choosing the splitting feature. Also the random forest is worth discussing.Overall, this is a good course which contains a handful of knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to understand and get hand-on exercise, and joyfulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has contributed a lot in enhancing my personality at work through:1-knowing my personality type and hence knowing my weaknesses and try to overcome.2-knowing others personality traits so finding the optimum way to deal with them.3-Doing well at any interview by knowing the interviewer personality type and going through answers efficiently .4-building a balanced and successful team through the four stages forming , norming ,storming and performing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I expected more extensive courseworks. Did not involve me in a lot of courseworks. I learnt a lot but got to implement very few.Week3 assignment was good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best Mathematics course that I have seen. Prof. Jim Fowler is awesome.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good job! Intersting and clear)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well presented course. Enjoyable and informative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really a well thought out course and expertly delivered! I've never had such well explained lectures, using simple terms to explain complex subjects. Our professor is a master at education as well as her subject expertise. This is a great course, a little kooky at times, but just the right amount of kooky to make it more interesting and fun. Thanks for the obvious hard work in producing the course and time expended making it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really passionating course and great teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The layout of this course is extremely well reasoned out. Each module gives important stepping stones for the students both to understand and to get practical skills to use the material after the course. For me it was an extra bonus to learn about teh Rails API in the 4th week of the course. I will surely need that in the future. All assignments include very thorough guidance on how you can check your own work one step at a time all the way through. In fact I have never before attended a course where so much effort had been but into that part by the teachers. Much praise for that. The graded assignments were hard. I had to put in a quite considerable effort in each of them, especially week 3. Much more work than I had anticipated. However I cannot point to any part of the material that could easily have been left out. Everything we learned seemed useful and important. So in spite of the hard work I am happy that I stayed in there to the end.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this class is really cool!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Only 1 week of study and I already got so much that I am excited to talk about MAPS all day long with everybody.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful course on courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I recommend fully this course! It's full with practicle cases very useful in daily life. I felt immediately operational after this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some videos are lively... some questions are unnecessarily hard... the instructor is generous and learned.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As the first serious encounter with financial engineering I found the course challenging but very rewarding. Very good theory-practice ratio. I would definitely recommend to somebody who is interested in the topic and willing to spend many hours with it. My experiences are based on 4 weeks of completed sessions, so please take it with a grain of salt.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed taking this course. Thank you Arizona State University. Thank you Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is awesome :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very great course which gives me the fundamental methodology of machine learning and some hand-on experience with some of the most popular learning algorithms.I would review this course to everybody if they start learning machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, extremely engaging and so well composed!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with subjects explained in a very comprehensive way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome lectures by Dr.Chuck , i really enjoyed them and i got much clarity on them.thank u sirThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for learning good Python practices and testing techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course for an introduction to Private Equity and Venture Capital. This was invaluable to me as an entrepreneur with hardly and business background (Degree-wise). Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a good course for beginners in CSS.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent intro to the Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hello,This course is very interesting and content are very usefull.As improvement points I would like to mention:1-Some videos are not anymore available2- A general update is necessary to take into account the last years big chances and evolutions on the energy politics and economics dur to the stabilization of oil price notably and all its impacts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although I have some experience with Scala and I been reading about the course it is challenging. It forces you to think functional. There is no other way to solve the assignments but doing them with a functional approach. Before you attempt this class you should have some knowledge about the language. The lectures are interesting. I never saw a better explanation of variant and co-variant than here is this class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's great, all vivid content and clear explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had a little bit of knowledge about Python coding before taking these courses, but it was very insightful and helpful in my quest to learn more and helped instill the things I did already know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very interesting course that brings together different and unexpected sources and ties them with Tolkien's classic narrative in ways that help you gain new perspectives on LOTR, but also on modern and classic works of art, books, games.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i get benefit from the course. the explanation is to the point and in an easy and simple way that can be easily understanableThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course material. A very good project at the end of the course that gave an idea about cleaning a real life huge datasetThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course being an introductory to Specialization, doesn't stand so good alone. What I really liked were the real-world examples of companies. As introductory course it was fine, but id didn't contain practical assignments (as following in Specialization courses do). The structure of the course was ok.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was awesome course and want to continue :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course gives a brief idea about Data Science. It is helpful for the beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Knowledge obtained is very valuable, but teaching stuff should improve by solving more examples in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good tips for testing experimentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned how to write different types of essays.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The exercises and quizzes (particularly the teradata sets) were difficult enough that you have to think and structure your approach to arrive at the right solution. Very good learning curve.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great content, and very good teacher!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's amazing and help me alotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This four week course is useful. It nicely captures the details of social media planning in an easy-to-understand learning model.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, not like the first and second one of this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great! well-organized the final project, and I loved the fact that we had access to the slides at the end of the lesson. It had great value for me. Were very usefullThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good course to have a brief introduction to SPMThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is good. It helps have clarity around Bootstrap elements, and covers basics on things like Less and Sass. At the end you will not be a super expert, but you will be able to understand how to build a basic webpage and how to use support elements like less, sass, and package management tools.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Super interesting and educational! Would recomend this course strongly, it was interesting to study about how to know where fossils are from, how to know what animals belong to what group etc.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear explanations, useful word problems and well designed quices.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the greatest teachings by a professor. Good method of teaching and thus my way of learning has been differed from the orthodox classroom learning. Thank You Coursera! i'm enjoying the video learning and I'm keen to learn other courses from this very organization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This Class is good for first step in Machine Learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Project Management: The Basics for SuccessCongratulations on the platformCongratulations on the administrative order of the courseCongratulations on the Success of the CourseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course for beginners. The teacher is funny and the teaching materials are excellent. The pace is somewhat slow, but if you are taking this course next to your regular job or studies that is actually nice.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm not best at this but I'm loving it guys!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was well thought out in teaching the basics of Machine Learning. I liked the progression of ideas and tasks over the duration of the course. The comments by the moderators helped me get through several of the programming assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Explanation of the professor was very clear and the difficulty was good to learn for the beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Who ever need a Guru to learn something new with Python , I recommend this.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to understand and will be a very good first course...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Well-taught and well-delivered. Covers all the essential algorithms, has excellent assignments using MATLAB, good forum support, great notes and resources, quality videos, and foremost an outstanding professor.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course to be excellent. I really enjoyed the content and learned so very much.My only criticism is not of the course content but simply the nature of the course. I am currently working full time and doing a Masters degree part time, and I did this on top of that, so I found the work load to be exceptionally heavy. Not a problem for someone who isn't working though.Superb course - thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Great Professor. Lot's of knowledge in hereThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Easy to follow and understand. Good flow of information. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
What a great course with so important tools to learn how to teach english!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the way of explanation, and good to know some more interesting things in bootstrapThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introduction in advanced R capabilities.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course. I always wanted to do a course in poetry, but this is my first opportunity to do so. The course was well put together, the information explanations and the lecturers method of delivery kept you awake and attentive. He was quite dramatic but it was essential and effective. Thanks for putting it together, I learned alot and feel more confident about my poetry writing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall this course is really helpful when it comes to grammar and sentence structuring. You get experience with a lot of vocabulary as well. I gave the course four stars because Chinese characters aren't taught or covered at all, just pinyin. Which is fine, but it would be nice to have those briefly introduced as well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is so well-organized that helps me to accomplish a systematic understanding about the field. Beyond that, thanks to the Professor, I now feel more keen on learning about this.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such a great course that teaches you the basics of management of fashion and luxury companies. I learnt so much in this course, I highly recommend it to anyone considering a career in the fashion industry.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must Course for students of all discipline. Motivates you to learn varied subjects and topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks for amazing journey to discover tips and tricks for better learning. Dr. Barbara you made wonderful work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course. Although the assignment is little tough, you will gain a lot after completing it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Ideal to get the basic python concepts, the grade exercises are fair with a proper skill level.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely phenomenal course - a must for anyone interested in the core functioning of a busThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course which requires hands-on work and well worth the time investment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course for all people who learn especially students. There are many techniques taught to focus as well as for intuitive thinking methods. The lecturers are wonderful. Ms. Barbara Oakley keeps you on your toes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great experience were i learned new things that will improve my life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent! Brian is very simple and clear in his instruction. No messages missed or trouble understanding the program. Also, when you think your system doesn't have something, they provide you with the equivalent of what they is required. For example in the build case and getting Web Gl support. yeah! You'll see it.Thanks, I had a lot of fun doing this course. Now on to the next!!UgoThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good Course.Thanks to AndrewThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very enriching course. It is very important to know better the world we live in, it's challenges and possible solutions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm only on week 1, and already I've learned things that I can take back to work and use in our campaigns. Looking forward to finishing this and the rest of the classes in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must-do course for all aspiring robotics & control engineers!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the problems. I would strongly advise to solve them all.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was very well set up, and easy for a person with a reasonable knowledge of Python basics to understand.I would have appreciated a little more in-depth assignments, or perhaps two-stage assignments that delved a little more deeply into JSON and XML use, to expand upon the concepts learned in the first.Overall a fantastic intro to interacting with web data with Python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the content presented!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this is a very good lesson!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is really a very nice course. All the material is good enough for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sometimes the efforts of others makes life easier for us than thThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I will recommend the Coursera students to start with this course in order to make the most of other future courses. My only complain will be that it relays too heavily on videos, and having a reinforcement in text would help students like me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really do think that the information taught in this course will be useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really learned a lot with this course. And the professor know how explain well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Since every learner will have his/her own expectations , this course have met my expectations , it was simple and smooth the way introductory courses should be , and for me I have learned many new things, what made me delighted most of all is the part of hosting your site and cPanel , because i rarely saw that in web design mooc courses, looking forward to the CSS course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So far so good. The professor explains very well and the material is excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful knowledge enhance my working task. The content is delivered well with suitable material. Great experiences for me to develop myselfThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for beginners who wants to learn property and liability. I wish there could be more exercise between the videos to help us review what we've learned so we can understand better.There could be also a discussion section-like a forum-where people can discuss their misunderstanding. Otherwise this course is great,I learned a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course and learned a great deal. The instructors were very good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for this course, very good course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course. You can learn a lot by actually getting your feet wet in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course with great didactic. Congratulations!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great insight into the addicted brain and what can be done about it all. A great broad introduction into drug addiction and the brain.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very professional course. I learnt a lot of good stuff!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I had difficult time finishing this course, it is so worthy course for general dentist to upgrade knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I recommend this course to everybody, it is very complete and the teachers are amazing. you will learn all about the International Courts and Tribunals in The Hague.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the course. Learned many new techniques which will definitely assist in my learning process in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a decent course, good for starters with no background in programming. Course instructor is great, he teaches everything from basics. You'll enjoy this course if you are looking forward to learn Python from the beginning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best course in Machine Learning for the beginners .The way Andrew Ng. explains the concepts, it is amazing .Even if one has no prior knowledge of coding or machine learning ,(s)he will be able to learn do in this course .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a great course. I'm really happy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Phenomenal insight into many aspects of basic business negotiations and overall contract crafting. As a small business owner I have frequently found contracts with our business being negotiated using some of the very techniques covered in this course. It was refreshing to see them from a well versed perspective and better understand how I might prepare counter negotiations to ensure our companies interests are fairly represented in future contracts and negotiations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Egger is very well instructor. The course is useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well prepared content to get enough knowledge on basic HTML5. It definitely help the beginners to expand their knowledge on HTML5.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an interesting clinical case study based course for the Clinician.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
THIS Professor needs more than just his own Coursera module. He needs his own television show! & it stuck! the information stuck. I took this class over a year ago and can still recall the case histories.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best course ever! Charles is the best of teachers. You´ll enjoy every single one of the lectures and will never want it to be over.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content. Very informative and to the point. I have learnt a lot from this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is just a dream course for an entrepreneur. Their are lot of challenging topics clarified by wonderful examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting approach of corruption issues. The level of this course is appropriate for every students from everywhere. This course allow us to have a wide view of corruption including the different steps and policies to fight these illegal actions and behaviors. Thanks to Philip Nichols and the University of Pennsylvania.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks Prof. Zelikov. Your History mooc is excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. Fantastic tutor who delivers the program effectively.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In this course, Randy Hlavac does a deeper dive into the importance of social media monitoring and gives a nice overview of some key social listening tools available on the market today.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course has been insightful, enlightening, grueling and highly interactive. i recommend it anytime, anydayThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent basic intro or refresher course. Very light on math.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love it. Very in depth and detailed. One of the best for college students I've found. Others go randomly from one topic to the next without showing any real, necessary application.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course of Dr. Whiteman was awesome . I can now understand the meaning of Engineering Mechanics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
None of the Coursera - courses I have done before (and there were many...) had such an impact on my mindset and on my life! The course is not only an entertaining eye-opener but also very challenging to accomplish! Great and highly recommendable!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting. I like the real world examples and the cases for the projects. The course is worth to spend time efforts and even money! Great JobThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This an excellent course regarding to supply chain and logistics, I would recommend to go for it. It's not difficult and it's fun !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great summary and overview of manned spaceflight in the 60s and 70s. Plenty of archival footage and rarely seen recordings from both the U S and Soviet space programs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course with a lot of real life examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A bit very difficult course...full of formulaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The professor has clearly taken time to make the information as clear and concise as possible, which is highly appreciated. I think anyone who has an interest in understanding how new digital tools are shaping marketing decisions would highly benefit from this course as the information is as clear as it is crucial. I'm looking forward to the next class :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was extremely useful for me to kick start learning about GIS and software. It has clearly laid our syllabus and neatly made videos which help overcome inhibitions about technical nitty grittties.. The course has instilled confidence in me to continue further studying various aspects of GIS. I enjoyed doing my assignments too. I highly recommend this course to any one who deals in spatial aspects in their work.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course to learn the basics of game development in Unity3D.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informational and well put together!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good course!! Teaches you techniques to learn in a more productive manner .. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Absolutely fantastic. Dr. Chuck's teaching style is completely in-sync with my learning style. The content is clearly presented and the effort in teaching shows. Thank you Dr. Chuck for taking the time to present this material and for creating the tools for all of us to use.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Would like to have more exercises and maybe less and shorter videos. However I do appreciate the amount of work that has been put in creating this course but more fun exercises would not harm.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
From the Systems Biology specialization courses, this is the one from where I have learned the most, in some way the reason is because I didn't know most of Network Analysis, but now I feel familiarized with it. I consider this is one of the most extended courses, and could be improved in the practice evaluation with more exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great texts and lessons. Nice videos. Congrats.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Overview for anyone interested in the Music Industry & all artists trying to derive income from their intellectual property.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very helpful course for beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was great for me! Thanks to all you teachers!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A bit of a slow start, but that's probably necessary for a programming course. Good way to get started. Definitely need to take the follow-up courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For a Beethoven fan (or dare I say geek) this is an absolute joy. I'm 'only' a listener, but passionate enough to take on this wonderful journey through these piano sonatas with Jonathan Biss, he's just awesome and makes me want to come back over and over again ... for more. Please keep adding.Thank you for this opportunity to learn more about Beethoven and his music.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is both fun and full of learning. Dr Chuck is a wonderful teacher. He puts forth concepts in a way that is easy to relate and in absorb-able chunks. Still he manage to impart sufficient knowledge for us to start coding interesting applications. Thanks a ton, Dr Chuck.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful course : covers a range of very practical and useful topics I had heard about but didn't fully understand until taking this course. Some highlights stochastic gradient, boosting, and precision-recall trade offs.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course with a good conceptThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good Course: Very Easy to take the first steps in programming with python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good introcreating interest to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
First session containing the Regression and Gradient descent with 1 variable was a very good session explain the basics very well. Thanks for Andrew for a wonderful sessionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good and useful course. 100% recommendedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really clear and easy to understand exercises for learning Python as a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
simply a great start to data science , very practical skillsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great overview of building a data science teamThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and a good fine-tuning experience to my brain relating to systems! Awesome!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great learning although it was more of self learning. I would rather encourage the institute to develop support system for the trainees as many a time one feels helpless when a question in the quizzes are not understood. The current system that is accessing the forum was not quite beneficial if I may be permitted to mention. Thanks and regards..The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice introduction to bayesian statistics, the materials have some level of depth, and the tests and assignments are highly available for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Because of a special circumstance I recently experience at my child school, the schools Head Master and the early childhood principal recommended this course to me. It was the perfect fit and had all the information I need to be part of the conversation regarding the gender spectrum. Also this is the first course I complete in this platform. It left me completely satisfied.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's very interesting, brief and exciting for beginners and encourage them to develop themselves in teaching. The instructors are amazing. They present things in an exciting way. Actually, I rarely got bored while listening to any of them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course, The Craft of Setting and Description, allows students to delve into the skills needed for polished creative writing. Amity Gaige was a great instructor who provided exercises and lectures that stretched my imagination. I really enjoyed this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good material. good presentation skills of the instructorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting,The teacher is very clear and it s nice to lesson to him.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course with one of the best coursera lecturers that I've ever encountered. She encourages you and makes you not afraid to make mistakesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Now I knew how to balance work and life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this was a great module wich gave a good insight into the early vertebrate evolution. I willl definatly reccomend it to any who is interessted in this topic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course delivered by wonderful team. Highly recommendedThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Erin is a great and easy to follow instructor! Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice course. Thank you Proffesor and Univeristy of Copenhagen!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I strongly recommend this course for those who want to pursue their career in Machine Learning. The way of instruction is remarkable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed the modules and learnt newer concepts which are not only applicable in business but also in everyday life. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helpful for me, an adult learner, to get back into the practice of studying.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Too easy ... but otherwise good! The programming assignments do a bit too much of the work for you, but solve some pretty interesting practical problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The sound volume is a bit low even turning up to the maximum levelThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Phil is a great history teacher!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
First I didn't like it but throughout the course it became more and more engaging and gave more relevant and practical informationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
In this course, you get precisely what you sign up for, as advertised. UMich is really stepping out, and stepping up in search of those searching for educational excellence.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was great, it really helped me to learn the basics of CSS3. However, the week number two was way too difficult in comparison to the three other weeks and sometimes a little bit confusing. I think this part was not very well balanced and they could have divided the level of difficulty more efficiently between the different weeks : this is why I removed a star in my final notation. Everything else was fantastic !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love the analogies that make the material interesting and easier to grasp.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good content! Easy to understand and very practical ! Loved itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Compared to lectures offered by various seminaries, Professor Wright has organized the course in a way that has included both biblical sources and extra-biblical sources which are not permitted by seminaries. The part I love the most is the interviews by Professor Wright with leading scholars of different expertise.It is not hard to tell the effort the professor has exerted to put the course together. I would love to take more courses from Professor Wright regarding OT and relevant areas and am wondering how I can access them.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought this course would be kinda boring, but I have been pleasantly surprised at how interesting it is. Steve Parenti has a dry and sly sense of humor and the content gives me great historical and current perspective on the way healthcare works in the U.S. and to a lesser degree, in the rest of the world.Only quibble: There are lots of typos on the slides. Sometimes these are pretty amusing, but sometimes confusing.Also, some of the listed handouts seem to be relevant to the next course in the series, rather than to this one.All said, I think Dr. Parenti would be someone fun to go and have a beer with.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall a good introduction to the current state of global energy supply and demand. It covers basic information about the controversy of nuclear vs renewables though personally I would have liked a little more detail on this pointThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr Chuck is a great teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course and a wonderful professor / teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is one of the most interesting courses I've come across in a while. Although not a Design course, it is very much relevant to the Internet industry today since most of the social networks employ features that have evolved from the process of Design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course offers a broad overview of project finance issues. While the materials' (video, slides) quality is outstanding, I wish the tests would be more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course got me thinking in new directions and changing habits in order to learn better. I'm sure i will use the information gained here for the rest of my life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course explained and organized very well. For me that mainly work as software developer on back end it was great to get a better front end technologies knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good course. suitable for starters. I learnt some basics and something interesting. I now can analyse some social events from the psychology point of view. I understand humanity a little bit better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very interesting course with a broad spectrum.Some of the professors might work a little bit on the pronunciation of English!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course in the business aspects of video gaming. Perhaps a little bit basic (for undergrads) but it has an awesome experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good material and induction to Spark, good complement of parallel computing in ScalaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Found a lot of interesting and important information for me here. Excellent information on making prognosis tied with accounting and financial reportsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm fascinated by bioinformatics and genomics, which is why I took this course. I gave the course four stars instead of 5 because I think the flow of the lectures could have been better. When watching lectures, I often found myself jumping around in my notebook to write something down. Other than that, the course was an excellent introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good for python self learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A perfect Machine learning course! I've learned and undersood lot's of interesting and useful sings.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very helpful to get a better understanding of dogs....The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the way that professor Chuk explain things, the course is wonderfully structured.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Content builds up very nicely. I'm very confident now for creating a website which has the layout I wantThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a very informative course that helped me understand the principles behind community work. The use of case studies to explain concepts was what helped me the most.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
IT was great to have a chance to put what the previous courses taught to practice. It made sure you actually knew what the material was talking about rather than just regurgitating the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I expected to hear the usual "show don't tell" mantra that I have heard in other fiction writing courses. Instead I learned the one thing that makes that statement make sense to me. I learned what they mean when someone says "show don't tell" and then I learned how to do it. Thank you Brando Skyhorse.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful and very nice professor!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
is very useful and interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Its a good course those who prefer to study online.It gives a basic knowledge about the data tools which are going to be used.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this introduction to journalism with lecturers from Michigan State University. I really like the video lectures as well as the added readings. It makes it feel like I am a student without needing to be at a campus. The videos are great! Each lecturer gives great explanations in such a short video making it easy to absorb the information. Highly recommend for those who definitely want to take the route of a journalist.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent but need more challenging questions both in theory and programming part.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this is a very good course need more examples.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've been writing instrumental music for about 5 years now but could never put lyrics to my work. This course is proving to be really helpful and has provided lots of techniques and tools that are incredibly useful. On top of that I have to praise the instructor Pat Pattison. He has a lot of charisma and makes these lessons really fun - I've had to pause the videos a few times now just to laugh at his witticism.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent introductory course. Well worth the effort and valuable for parents, family, teachers, healthcare workers and others.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course deserves to be registered and followed. It worth for newbies to learn these technologies HTML, CSS and JS. The course follows with lectures, practice questions and weekly assignment which make the learner keep interested during the course. Instructor is an Intelligent and Awesome personality. He teaches really very well.. Recommended for Newbies !!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course and learned so much! It's been a long time since I used it and wanted to take the course again but Coursera doesn't let me retake this course once completed! It's a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best.. but why its not providing certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
While challenging, this course did more than simply lay out the basics of R. It moved me to think critically about specific tasks and innovate ways of solving problems using the language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good teaching strategy. Takes you through ideas and gives you examples. Has a couple of questions each video to keep your attention. It is a very interesting subject, even if the teaching was bad, but the lectures add even more by taking their time with concepts. Keep doing what you're doing. I would take other courses by this school if they were similarly designed. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very fun to watch without losing the educational purpose, the course offers a lot of good examples and interviews with professionals in marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Suitable even for experienced programmers.Excellent presentation of fundamental programming concepts.Exercises are challenging but rewarding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is good. But,-Bad voice quality , too much up down in volume and noisy.-No demo for the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very useful course to get a basic hang of social media in a short span of time!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a great entry-level python classThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks so much for simplifying so tough topics and presenting in a very intuitive manner for anyone who wish to learn machine learning. The best part is knowing about the application of a technique which is dealt very well. Started with no knowledge in this exciting area of CS, now getting to comprehend many things easily.thanks once againThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course! I learned a great deal of new techniques and Andrew is an extremely good professor! I strongly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great teacher. I really like how he shows you the process and how to think like the computer in order to solve the procedures. Feel it's a great starter!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course, as well as part 2, is a great opportunity to put things in order. Modernity, the Enlightenment, shaped our present and the course does a great job in acquainting with the basic thinkers of this period. My only improvement proposal is to make access to texts easier by providing handouts in e-book format.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative and practical approaches, I have learnt a number of things on decision makingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
such professional tutors, carefully chosen diction.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed it! Thanks Doctor Chuck.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A complete introduction to PEI and VC. Incredibly useful to any startupper.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to the Python programming language. Although the assignment marking seems a little rigid and tends to mark you down despite written functions achieving the expected outcomes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for this overview of the history of the Middle-East. It makes the current situation there clearerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed it. Very good in all aspects. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It would be good to be able to complete the quizzes even if you are not paying for the certificate, this would enable people to understand how much they have taken away from the class.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great lecture and great course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent course that provide to the learner who to write an essay and who to understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
You are seriously going to be a different person after you complete the course. Do this with a commitment to complete the material and also being open to a positive change in life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
what a course, keeps one up to standard.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is a good course that benefits students to learn GIS basicsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introductory course, highly recommended, even if you have little to no knowledge or experience in programming. You will have to spend a lot more time on it thought as it is stated - that is if you think of learning programming in Python seriously. It can be done even if you have a full time job and a family with a little baby as I had, just have to forget about sleeping much for some months :) But that is out because of the baby anyway.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A well-designed and informative course with just the right amount of goofinessThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
simple and easy to understand. it is also helpful to get knowledge in this wayThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you all the presenters and the lecturers and off course the course era team .it has been a great experience and in fact got to learn a lot of things regarding the planning and designing of the sanitation system. hope i could use this knowledge gained in my professional services.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Generally a good course. I was disappointed with the instructions in the Week 3 assignment. In past courses within the certification, the instructions have noted specifically what was required. Here, the instructions around the Google Business Page part of the assignment did not include some specific elements we were being evaluated one.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clearly presented, engaging & actionable content, backed by research.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fascinating course, from top experts in the field.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Cool course! It helped me to know more about css and JS!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is challenging and the skills learnt are valuable. The materials are well-made and formulas well-defined. I hope they provide more practice quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
l really enjoyed this course. l have taken many courses through Coursera and l have loved them all. l found that Dr. Chagpar is an interesting and fun teacher. l found her easy to follow and understand. l highly recommend this course if you are looking to learn more about breast cancer.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great job, thank you very much for life transforming three course specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The class It's really clear and simple.Every week you can put the information to work on the assignments, that in my case made me put my creativity out there, have fun, discover my abilities and create really cool stuff.I learned with the recommendations of my classmates and I also learned by review them. I feel I learned a lot on a few weeks.I really loved this class, very, very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content, intuition walk through by the professor, example scenarios and adequate exercises to grasp the core machine learning topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It helped me try new things and revealed to me a wealth of information that otherwise would still be unknown to me if not for me enrolling in this course. It was also made more friendly to us youth because of analogies on zombies and vampires :)One thing that I was slightly bothered about was the volume of the videos. Maybe an increase in volume would make it less hard for people who have to access Coursera in noisy places to listen.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course.I was able to identify the way I learn in order to stop wasting time and avoiding distractions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course.Lectures and Assignments are well combined. Learnt a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is very well course that tell you how can you programming in Swift. It's interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think this was a great introductory course, a short summary of various techniques one can use to make a responsive website.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very well structured and Dr Krishna Garikipati helps me understand the course in very simple manner. I would like to thank coursera community for making this course available.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. thanks a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am a new stduent from india name is akshay goyal and the teaching way is very good of teacher . Its a very good experience learnitng from other populer countrie's universityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This guy is awsome! :DThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fourth week of the course was too much to handle and imbibe.Could not practice and complete within stipulated timeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Helped me understand through multiple scenarios explained in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is for me an intelligent and surprising way to learn about art. My view at some art and artists is wider than before. Thx a lot MOMA!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has mad me look at the Bible in a completely new and exciting way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the class . The information was relevant and interesting. I especially liked the guest lecturers.I would recommend this class .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well-designed course with comprehensive information for each week. The content of this course is superb, but as a non-native English speaker, sometimes I find it difficult to catch up with the long sentences in the video and have to go back to the transcript.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learnt more than I expected. However, there were quite a few moments that was boring to me, for example, those parts that included molecules chains in explanation of certain topics. Anyway, the chains was not in the final exam. Therefore, I rate this course as excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the course, and getting more clear about intrinsic and extrinsic motivators, and how they influence on people.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A comprehensive course with good thematic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took this class for general knowledge. As a Teacher Naturalist for years, I wanted the additional education and perspective on new topics (AIDS, TB in Russia, new findings etc). "Brushing up" via a class like this was perfect.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
For better or worse, I’m a self-taught recording artist (lookup “Don Manolo Frutorama” in Spotify if you’re into lo-fi psychedelic grooves) and I can attest that the lessons given in this course are truly valuable and empirically verifiable. On top of that, Stephen Webber is a super likeable guy who explains complex themes like reverberation, sound proofing or microphone types in a pretty straight-forward manner without ever being condescending. I especially liked his use of this famous quote attributed to Orson Welles: “The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.” and his advice on avoiding the pitfalls of digital audio. I also found very valuable the lessons about Identity, Vision and Intention and The Rule of Threes. If you’re new to the world of music production or just someone who wants to fill some knowledge gaps as in my case, you won’t regret taking up this excellent course! Cheers from Madrid! Don ManoloThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There should have been more knowledge testing as the course progressed. The first week and last week model didn't help me to incorporate the progress, and I grew disillusioned just listening to the video. I even had purchased the professor's book, but found the course differing significantly from the book. Lost interest is it progressed, but completed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredibly well put together. The capstone project is a great exercise in assimilating all the knowledge from the other related courses in function programming package. I like that I had to learn about interesting algorithms like the Mercator projection and inverse-distance weighting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course! I liked the structure, the materials, and most assignments. I felt like I gained valuable knowledge; this is a good introduction to marketing today!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
awesome course to start the journey in cyber security fieldThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's perfect . you actually don't need to know nothing before starting this course !!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for a beginner!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An In-depth looking at Chinese politics!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great, although there are some trouble for completed assignments. eg. patch for octave.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great course for starters, to get a good basic knoledge of how the HTML5 language works... from know on I go ahead and study and apply new tags. Thanks from Colombia teacher ColleenThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well-structured and highly interesting introduction to Project Management!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I saw a number of machine courses that are with too general contents and more like conference presentations. It's hard to learn and grasp something from them. However this is a real Machine Course that provides informative, appropriate details and derivations from which I can learn and understand the meaning and insights buried in math symbols and equations. No doubt, the optional video lectures are excellent enhanced "nutrition." Looking forward to the three courses in this specialization. Thanks, Profs. Emily Fox and Carlos Guestrin, for instructing such wonderful authentic courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very suitable for the beginner of programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot from this course and enjoyed taking it. The instructor was awesome and the feedback from fellow students was invaluable. Thank you very muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course cleared lots of concepts behinds oil and gas industries. the provided contain was enough to clear this course.thanks prof.Lincoln Pratson and duke university for providing such a great and knowledge course.THANKSThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course, especially the doc and unit testing parts. I had hoped for a more advanced implementations, but thank you for mentioning the exec function.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this is very nice course.We can learn a lot from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is the best option to know or review all the graphic design essentials and how to combine them to make a good piece of communication art. I really recommend this course in which you will find an excellent structured program to learn from the basic concepts all the way through the very pillars of the graphic design thinking and creation.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best courses ever!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredible! Probably the best maths class ever!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good lecture videos and very good exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was a great experience being a part of this course. It helped me a lot to review and learn what I needed the most. I would boastly recommend this course to the people who want to brush up their grammar and punctuation for better communication.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptional course in all regards!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Beautiful course, extremely useful. I have learned a lot and have recommended it to all my team members. I will go over the material for a long time, there's just so much so much to learn and implement.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect course to start learning functional programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good materials to start with web developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting course for everyone, who wants to try themselves in SEO and learn more about it.I put 4 of 5, because I hope, that in future there will be subtitles in other languages, except English. It would be much easier in understanding for people from no English-speaking countries.Thanks a lot for new for me information and good luck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A must for every higher education student.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So far one of the best online courses on the topic I have met.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I love it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some of the best things i`ve learned in life was in this course. Really grateful to coursera for giving us the chance to meet with Prof. Joordens and for the chance to start to pursue an academic life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course!! The hands on experience on the Quadcopter Simulators on the MATLAB helped us understand the control concepts behind Motion and Trajectory Planning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took this class to catch back up before I resumed my degree. I have never been taught this class this way and I have studied under some fantastic professors before. This is hands down the best way to be taught this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Outstanding course. Case Study model is awesomeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is amazing. No, wait, probably I would say THE TEACHER is AMAZING! I loved the way he explains the material, I love the music and graphical part, the jokes. I am very grateful for the CALARTS to share their knowledge with the rest of the world and can't wait to start the next course from the specialization!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I did enjoy the course. It was very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Clear, well-thought out lesson and one project each week to test your understanding of concepts. I did have to do extra reading and coursework outside of the course to fully absorb the javascript portion of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, lots of material but really well presented. Touches all aspects of the organic solar cell production and the physical and chemical fundamentals behind it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Top quality course from top University in the area of taxationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
easy, interesting, informative. love Dr. Chuck. a very good beginning course for Python learnerThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Prof Severance is great, and while the course content is very basic, he makes it super easy to followThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course for anyone just starting out in UXD. You will learn the terminology fairly quickly, the resources are a wonderful source, the quizzes help the course's lessons sink in. All in all, you will not be disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is totally perfect for newbie of programming! I am a designer and I am learning programming by myself and I have tried code.org, codacademy.com, and even meet-up for studying. But these didn't contribute to improve my programming skill a lot. Finally, I found this course and it worked! I got essential fundamental knowledge as well as practical and useful tips!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very fundamental introduction of machine learning. The course materials are suitable for beginners who are interested in machine learning. Going through all the quiz and programming assignments is not easy but they are really helpful for understanding the learning materials.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you want to learn some Mandarin and you are not sure where to start...just start here with this Course. It is all verbal and conversational. You do not have to learn Chinese characters and if you have been thinking, "No, Chinese is too hard to pronounce, its a "tonal ;language", blah blah whine whine "...please believe me, Professor Liu Xiaoyu is going to turn that entire generalization on its head and kick it out of the room. She speaks slow and patiently and if you can pronounce the words "seesaw, Jane Eyre, washer-dryer, car, how, why, and maybe" , then, you can pronounce Mandarin. Whats more...you will be understood. Its a seven week course at your own pace and it covers a lot of ground. You will not be disappointed and you will be amazed what you can learn from her. Try it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was the most challenging of the five courses as there are quite a few statistical principles to grasp along with some fairly lengthy equations for a non-maths type like me. Enjoyed the course and the content along with its delivery. If there is one thing I would suggest is that there was too much repetitive spreadsheet work in the assignments which became a little tedious. Overall, a very good course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent starting point for people new in data science programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course, detailed and easy to learn with examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course - really enjoyed itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very educational, enjoyable and easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good course. Provides ample time to figure out things. Does not penalize for slightly late submissions which is good for busy people. Teaches the fundamentals and asks tougher questions in assignments. Does not spoon feed the answers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Anyone expecting to learn every subtlety of Bootstrap will be disappointed--but they deserve to be, this is a fours week course! The course introduces the concept of responsive design both through manually coding your own webpages and using frameworks, taking Bootstrap as an example.Over three short videos the instructor gives just enough for students to start using Bootstrap while also giving them the tools to continue their later independent development.Colleen van Lent is an exceptional instructor who manages to be engaging and motivating while always remaining 'human'.I am not altogether happy with the decision to make all peer reviewed assignments optional, even though I understand the reasoning. For this reason alone I have dropped my review to four stars. If you are prepared to make the effort to take full part in the optional exercises this is a five star course--it's up to you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very practical and hands on course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good. It is better than the "Mandarin for Beginners" course in edx.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like it, but as a math undergraduate I wish we have gone through some of the exciting research trend in combinatorial game theory.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a ton in this course & I am looking forward to expanding my skills this is a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course for python starters!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I'm fascinated with all i've learned so far.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Crisply covered critical aspects of Data AnalysisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course, eventhough can be improved by having more subcific information.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Class. I learned a lot of about marketing management.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an interactive session. The introduction to the tools and the examples related to various models were relatable. I am glad to have joined this course. The peer graded assignment is a good option to learn different methods in problem solving.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One should keep in mind that the course is only a guidance. It is way not enough to achieve any fluency. But it is a good starting point. The teacher is charming, and the vocabulary you are going to learn is really useful in many real life situations. Just keep practicing independently as much as you can!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome class!!! Wonderful teacher! Knows her stuff and knows how to teach it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was good., O learnt a lot from this course but it need to be up to dated.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was a big help to organize my work. And I loved the teacher! Thank you so much for this experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very good course and usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course and in particular, the professor teaching it. I would have liked to spend more time in assimilating the information and to have some in video quizzes to help clarify and solidify the course content. One gets out of it what they put into it. For those who do not have a lot of time to spend on peer reviewed submissions, this was an excellent option. I am going to review all of the lectures again because I think it is important to retain new information and my 'working' memory is currently impaired. That said, I did not engage in the discussions and will have to do so after the fact. I absolutely loved the use of movies as a vehicle to learn about the course content and to better understand the differences in mild cognitive deficits versus the various stages of dementia. Overall, I really enjoyed the course and would gladly build on what I have taken away from itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dear All,Initially the course material may look brief. Trust me and go through the course material twice and then let your imaginations fly.Fantastic course and fantastic course mentors!!!!!RegardsRajeevThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course with simple approach and extremely useful knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So far I am loving this course. It is presented in a professional way and is simple to understand and follow along with.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I took the course when it was first offered in 2013, and found it to be one of the best organized, most clearly presented on-line courses that I have seen. I recently re-enrolled in order to review, and was pleasantly surprised to see that the professor has made some follow-on lectures available on Youtube. I hope that this additional material will eventually be the basis for another course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It gives a very concise picture of astronomy in a very short time. Many of my concepts are now much more clear after taking this course. A great course and very well organized and presented. I really enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I tried to study HTML, CSS and JS at first. Because his lectures was so detail, I could understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An elegant course that will help you set up your computer and GitHub repo so you are ready for the next adventures in this data science track.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good introductory course in neural networks. Hats-off to Professor Hinton!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful, practical!the assignment and material is well designed with all heart.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting from beginning to end.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Class. We need more of these courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Jim Fowler is a wizard!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
wonderfully explained the basic concept of python and how to get started.Thanks a ton:)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was better than the statistical inference course, but Brian still puts too much emphasis on the precision of his language (as if he's teaching to other mathematicians) which makes it difficult to understand. I would like to see a bit more dumbed down explanation of the mathematics in the examples (similar to Sal at Khan Academy). If that happened, this would definitely be a 5 star course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course content covers the fundamentals of MOM clearly! I would recommend it to anyone who is just beginning!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It´s a excellent experience for professional and personal life. The exercises and opportunities to review answers of other participants is a good way to learn how to apply the contend in different situations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is course will be Perfect if More Tools of Teach FoundThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting topic but enough practical exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed a lot to have classes with the teacher of this course.O'Donnel helped me alot showing us some importants essays of Game Design and guiding us in the way to how to have a simple idea and work on it in order to make it in a good game.Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I just love it! I don't have any political background and sometimes the interpretations made in the course are confusing (I don't mean interpretation in the sense of interpreting some writing or anything like that, rather than the parallelism that is made between contemporary politics and the original principals).Thanks a lot for making this available!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent introductory course of python programming. I truly enjoyed the course. Professor Boyd interacted with students frequently in the discussion forum. The mentors were very responsive and helpful as well. I am able to move on to an advanced python course easily upon completion of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! I have enjoyed every week. I will miss you Yaakov. Regards and good luck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant course to get you a head start on 'Philosophy.'The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really Exciting ! Dr. Chuck rules!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course so far. What a wonderfull tools i've gained from it. Great teacher is Barbara I must say. Hope she would be my teacher at college :( jaja.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really helpful for educators and those who are studying to become one. Great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a retired EE this was a fun course for me to take, but it does cover a lot of territory quickly. I really liked the more practical aspects of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really a great course. I have learned a lot during this course. It was well explained, the teachers were dynamic and interesting. I believe everyone should take the 2 weeks this course requires in order to become a better learner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good course for beginners who want to start with HTML, CSS, and JavaScripts, and the detailed course & the embedded quiz & exercise are awesome as well, I will continue the course followed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A totally great course that makes clear the concepts we should be careful with when developing video games.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and well designed online course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is helpful in providing a basic introduction to how data can drive better decision making in real business context. It provides a basic introduction to various tools and techniques. The best part is the final submission in 4th week which ensures learning from the entire course.A possible area of improvement is including more case study discussions during the course which help understand what kinds of tools and techniques should be used in which scenarios. Currently the course devotes very less time to this aspect.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although I do not have time to finish my assignments, I'd like to say: Your series of lectures have changed the way I look at life. Thank you, Robert and your inspiring dogs, Frasier and Milo.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice overview of graphic design history, I learned some new things, broadened my historical background, and had assignments that tied it back into contemporary design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Firstly i am so glad to take up this course.Professor vidhyanathan explains micro concepts in a simple way .And gives a brief summary of financial markets .finally i am so happy choosing this course to knowledge myself and learn new thingsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it was dope i learned a lot about both scala and fp.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
easy to learn, Prof is so nice and cool !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really liked this course and the way exercise and assignments are created such that even a no-maths student can learn it. Thumbs up.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is structured and easy to understand with a lot of practice exercises. However, I use Minitab on a MacBook and there are differences in the layout and location of functions. I struggled to find certain functions; even googling did not help. I would suggest you incorporate instructions for Mac users to use software tools. Overall, the course is very informative and definitely adds value.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course overall. I very much like Dr. Charles Severence's explanations of the material. He's very methodical and keeps the material interesting.The only gripe that I have is the auto-grader for the code. It is fickle and gives odd errors sometimes, causing a student to dedicate undue time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A wonderful journey and i have learned a lot . thank you professor NG, and thank you coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very basic, but gets you up and running with R, Git, and Github. I was self-taught, so this course was good to consolidate and refresh on the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A bench mark for easy understanding of programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the definitive course on how to learn. This should be taught at every educational institute worldwide.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a great course, i would recomend it to everyone!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course! Awesome professor, very witty humorous and creative in explaining! Big recommendation for this course! Hope to see more like these ones!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is an amazing in-depth course. Worth every minute of my time. Its an honor to learn from the expert in this field. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent instructors and interesting materials make this a delight!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, very good teachers, an easy and compact way of learning chemistryThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was fun and educative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great great course for students who know nothing about programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good course that gave me a good refresher on at least what I grew up with decades ago. It also introduced me to two that I am aware of but have not read them. I especially like 王阳明 whose philosophy I resonate with. I checked out his work 传习录 from public library thereafter and am a firmer believer in how I would continue to conduct my life working with others.无善无恶心之体 有善有恶意之动知善知恶是良知 為善去恶是格物The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Straight forward instruction which easy to follow. Provide practice to get familiar with the course environment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is very undestandable, colorful, more than memorable!Still iy has very rich content. It's great! Great! Great!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course for the beginner! Absolutely recommend it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Examples given are very well explained, the professor is pretty clear and has a nice approach when talking. An excelent course for people interested in Microeconomics, although you might need at least an Economics Introductory Course to get the hang of it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course to learn about fundamental legal concepts. Highly recommend it to anyone who has slight interest in law or needs some sort of understanding about law for work or research.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The supervisor and the content is extremely good.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I enjoyed the course a lot! The information was well-structured and clear. There was great emphasis on practice that helped to understand the given material on a deeper level. Receiving feedback from students and analyzing the works of others was also wery helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very good course, even for non-programmers. Charles Severance makes a difference in this course. He explains the way that you can understand, it is very helpful. So that, I am still learning Python language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect! Extremely interesting and attracting course. The teacher is very clever and proficient!Thank you, Yaakov!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Way to enjoy the neuroscience!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved the beginning of the course and the information about Darwin. I may agree with Dawson, but I find him too darn smug. I once watched a documentary about intelligent design, Another scientist told him how lucky he was to have such fame, wealth, and good health, He asked him if he died and found a God,what would he think? Dawson's answer was and I'm not exactly quoting but heThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This module is great! I really appreciate and recommend itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice intro to regression! Shorter lectures and more programming challenges would have made it even better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great refreshment or intermediary/intro course- too much focus on the US system at first and perhaps a disproportionate focus on schools of thought, but extremely useful, pragmatic and learner friendly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A best Paltform to enhance your knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the best online course I've ever watched without a doubt! ( including many youtube videos, online content in many different formats etc and coursera). It's very well laid out with real-world practical exercise after every lecture! Andrew Ng really did a great job with this course. I recommend this course to everyone interested in ML !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course, can't recommend it enough.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Gave me a very good perception of the best practises in iOS UI DesignThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was realyy interesting expierence!!!Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best course to learn psychological first aidThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the greatest experiences of my life in knowledge, is a course of self-improvement, faith, clinching my admiration for the Jews. If the intention of the perpetrators of the Holocaust is to deny the Shoah with terrifying acts that can not be talked, this course detracts the intention very high.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course give the student practice tips that help us to learn more effective.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a good course to understand the basics of business metrics in several different kind of companies.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Any one looking for quick refresher course in Business Statics this is the specialization to enroll.Prof/Instructor Sharad has explain the concept in crisp & precise manner & hands on practice in excel is big plus..!!For any one who wants to learn business statistics ,I kindly urge you enroll this course/specialization so you have basic overview of all topics in business statistics & later read text book Business Statistics by Ken black for through understanding of all topics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks to instructor Skyhorse for devising a course that is useful, yet not overwhelming to the student.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good one for beginner! I learned how to use Pyhon!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course ever. For the instructors, there are God sent and role models.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Pace of lectures is rather fast and doesn't fit to homework level (which is much harder). But overall course is OKThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the greatest courses I've been in. Thank you!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lectures and exercises are awesome. I can not believe it I can solve hard problems by myself. Now I'm very confident to talk about algorithms. Thanks creators.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting approach, clear and organized structure, well prepared contents and up-to-date implementation techniquesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed this course. Learned a great deal about ways to effectively make change locally and globally. Also learned a great deal about past failures. The readings were exptensive but outstanding.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Hard; lot of theory, much information... but very complete. Very good course! Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course needs no previous knowledge about the field. The instructor takes you from the scratch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I guess, the this course need to be enpowered by practical caseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Scott Klemmer is always the bestThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like the style of Charles Severance. I really enjoy his lectures and learned lots of things. Thanks Mr. Severance and CourseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am looking for the course which provide me the new knowledge. This course can provide me the third languages, I am so excited not only Korean Language but also cultural and traditional. I am thankful all of you to give me the new experiences. I do appreciate.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great methodology by the teacher and very ludic videosThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Very well explained and exposed, and the programming excercises were very relevant and interesting. Thank you Mr. Ng, you are an exceptional teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Lots of essential information for budding researchers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's not that difficult and challenging i though of.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall course arrangement is awsomeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was really good. Got to learn so much about parallel programming with that course. The explanation level is very basic and any Computer Science related person can easily grasp the conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
We are lucky to have this course on the Coursera by Andrew Ng. I would recommend anyone who want to work on the Machine Learning should do this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you for giving this course, I hope there can be more.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting class with good example and lots to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best courses I am taking so farThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this module. Thus, I want to thank the teacher and the Minnesota University for offering me the chance to keep learning on this matter!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good practical and useful tips. In my opinion, the topics are covered with the right detail within the right time.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is very useful for the starters, the concepts are very clear and understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a wonderful course to start machine learning. Andrew maintains a consistent speed in explaining things which helps everyone. After finishing it I feel so much inspired to continue learning and practicing machine learning on my own.The volunteers of this course are also very good in helping us when we get stuck. Thanks to all the volunteers for creating threads on code submission and providing general guidance to all the students.Looking forward to more such courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really learned a lot from the course and the patient teacher, thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really helpful to better understand some complicated issues for not native speakers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
short lectures and perfect instructor....very nice course....you will love the instructor right away!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The pomodoro, the emphasis on 4 working memory slots and the supplemental videos with SMEs around memory palaces and focus learning were a big help.I also appreciated the focus on how to combat your zombies and work on procrastination were very helpful as well as the focus on the law on serendipity.I also liked the emphasis on testing yourself with questions and recall as a way of mastering the material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good introductory course for neuroscience. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very well-structured course, aimed at those without prior programming experience. Dr. Chuck takes the time and proper care to explain all the basic concepts thoroughly. This serves as a great way to get your feet wet with Python!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Method simple, clear, and incredibly effective! Exercises are appropriate and links to external material are really useful. I totally recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's cool! I love your courses!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good introduction to machine learning, the perfect balance between theory and practiceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you ,i have learned a lot from this course, and this teacher is my favourate teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was perfect for me. learnt a lot about ML and got introduced to an awesome tool.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Again like the first two courses, this course was great. The Lectures were excellent and the assignments very helpful in solidifying understanding. Thanks a lot Dr MineThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Highly recommended for anyone starting or owning a business!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice challenging course with very good lecture videos and supporting material. the questions tested the material very well and were just challenging enough for my taste. Also the teachers were explaining the material very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremelly interesting! I am so unhappy I don't have enough time now to attend the course properly.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is really interesting and fun, also absolutely understandable and easy to follow. Thank you a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exceptionally good and very very relevant to the world of negotiation. I can see myself using some of the techniques outlined in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course! I can recommend this to anyone who is not afraid of some basic math. But a person interested in cryptography should not be afraid of math, yielding that this course can be recommended to anyone interested in cryptography.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good as a very simple overview. This is more high school level than college level... but if that is what you are looking for, then worth the small investment of time and effort it will take.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's really helpful for beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well planned and integrated courses. Not only suited for machine-learning beginners,but also relevant references for deep learning and practical applications. Suggest to add on a lecture including the up-to-date developments as well as focus points.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very interesting and well build up .Some of the C & C++ IDE software didn't properly work well on my laptop and are hard to get them going....THX Prof Ian HarrisThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a quite good lesson for machine learning!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is a fantastic refresher on basic principles of Project Management. Margaret Meloni presents material in an engaging format. In fact you can see her wealth of experience shine throughout the whole course. Case studies and panel interviews also did add a bit of 'practical' flavour to PMBOK fundamentals. Recommended by a Project Manager!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much for the knowledge and for the time. The university of Pennsylvania and Coursera have provided the right space to share intercultural learning. I also want to thank everyone else whom make this dream possible. For this reason I wish to thank all of our teachers and staff for your commitment and determination.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is very much tailored and suits the one who would need a clear understanding on the Fiscal and Monetary Policies. Much more it is easier to understand with the examples presented and instructor Gayle had put it together effectively in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The sequence of activities in execution of the project envisages multiple interactions with your peers and unfolds your creative aspect to churn out a solution to put all the learning into practice!Cheers, DSS team - Brian, Jeff and Roger 😁The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Yaakov is a great teacher. This course doesn't just teach AngularJS, it helps understand how it works under the hood. Just what I wanted!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's quite a challenge to instill life in the mathematical dryness that is "Control Theory", yet somehow Magnus does it. Simply put the lecturer is awesome and that was the main reason I came back week after week. As to how much the taught material be actually useful for my career and robotic hobbyist aspirations still remains to be seen. The main reason I took this course was that my CS studies didn't provide me with any foundation in Control and Estimation and this course definitely helped to fill some problematic gaps in my education.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helps a person individually and also help them to promote health and well being of the society. It also develops entrepreneurial ideas in the new field of organic farming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class. I learned a lot. I like how they delivered the information into clear comprehensible segments. It was easy for follow the class, as it was well organized and clear.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Truly exceptional course for any beginner who wants to learn data structures from the basics. Everything is explained in detail. Loved learning things like asymptotic notations, calculating rate of growth of an algorithm. Also I liked the way the pseudo code is presented in the class made complex algorithms too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Maam I LOVE the way u teach.It simply reflects your 20 years experience.Its worth!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic Course. I feel confident with the exercises and information provided!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great combination between down to earth concepts and their implementations in python. Implementation of topics in plain python is what I enjoyed the most.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course, really well presented. Informative and enjoyable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course worked better as a guide than it did as a course. I learned very little from the lectures and had to do most of my learning on my own. One of the assignment even explicitly told students they would have to go learn on their own.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. Thank you for such a great material collection; my time with you was most enjoyable and I have learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was well designed, I got fair understanding of basics of supply chain management.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
this course really helped me to learn how to write my letters betterThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I happy to learn RailsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect explanations, great for layman, very thankful for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very nice course, well planned out, with just a few mistakes. Overall, would recommend this course to anyone interested in astronomy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was great, proffesor Ng is really a great teacher and course have many practical examples from real life which makes it more interesting and funny, thanks for thatThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course was very informative and can easily be used in any business setting. I can go an apply the methods learned in this course to any organization's financial statement to get a better idea of their financial performance. I really enjoyed in week 4 how the information learned in prior weeks can be tied to nonfinancial measures in developing a causal model to improve the performance of a company.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is very useful in everyday life. The teachers in this course know really well the subject and it can reflect in the way they give their class. Very easy to understand and fun to watch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am so eager to be part of the class, Thank you for this CourseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is a great courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent! Very good material and lectures and hands on. Really enriching.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class to understand the basics of the nervous system. Pr Peggy Mason is wonderful!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An intresting course. Lectures are small and very easy to comprehend. The whole course has a great structure and help you learn and remember things!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I go to learn lot of programming concept, the instructor was very involved in the course. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very clear, and really focuzed. Great introduction to a very important theme like is "Human-centered design".The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's really a great course! Through this course, you learn about Python though you don't have any experience about program and IT knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, well-paced and objective course. Even more beneficial as it is the sole comprehensive course on the subject in the internet.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is absolutely helpful to any learner, no matter you are a student or not.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really awesome instructor! He walks you through everything. He assumes you know little about computers and programming, which is great for people trying to gain a deep understanding of why things work the way they do. Really helpful introduction to ArcGIS!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, very informative for beginners. Examples used throughout lectures to help understand material.Recommend to other beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
ok, i'm probably not the average student here cause i am old,... saying that i have a fine art qualification and 25 years of 'almost there' design experience to have a point of view. 'almost' being the important part of it...what this module gives you is a very firm understanding of how design works these days. the main lecturer is really good at what he does, and that's probably the most important part of any teacher-student situation. For personal reasons i committed a bit too much on this course, and i am glad to say that whether you feel like devoting 8 hours a week for it or 28 as i did, there is stuff for you to learn.although i already knew pretty much 70% of the material, having the concepts reestablished by this teacher in such structured manner really helped me out.If we're to get sentimental, i can honestly say that i feel this module was the best thing i did this past month, cause through fine art i have been designing for the past 25 years, but this gave me the STRUCTURE to think of DESIGN in relevant terms.awesome.-do it!btw.,i've tried to be as honest as i can possibly be here, hope it helps. if it was crap i would say it's crap. but this one isn't. and of course it's up to you to fully exploit this wonderful possibility.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a fiction writer, this class has helped me tremendously.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an excellent course to get some basic knowledge about the iOS and Android history, when and how this systems developed their unique features, or how that influenced products in whole. Yet, quizzes are a bit boring. They require you to actually know history of evolving features tied to exact dates/versions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a short but inspiring course. It raises only a few key points but they are sufficient enough to shock you and encourage you to review your time management and goal setting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a very good Introduction for those of Us that know nothing of Linguistics. I was very happy to take it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you want to learn Python, this series should be your first step!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course! But I think It was a very short course. I wish it had more content.Very expensive course for this amount of content...still I really like it =).The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Nice course for beginners. Would recommend "Programming for Everybody (Getting Started with Python)" as a prior specialization to this one, as it sometimes may seem a little bit difficult for a complete beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has changed my life and I hope I can do even just a tiny bit to change the world. Well worth it for anyone tired of seeing the need for change and not knowing how to take action.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent Course. Recommend all mathematics lovers to take this course. Prof Jim Fowler is absolutely amazing. Thank you Jim and Coursera for putting together this amazing learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Assignments! Very practical oriented course. After finishing, i really feel that i learned something and improved my skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it's a very good courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Such amazing course work on developing the writing skills in a decent way.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A lot of useful and practical advices and information about learning. Definitely worth the time you'll put in it. Really enjoyed some of the tips applied in the video (powerful pictures used like zombie, mental palace etc) Some of the technical/bio video should use more of that model to explain the concept. Not sure I can quote properly any of the scientific concept that was explained.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Tompkins' discussed topics that were both informative and relevant to today's world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great insight, good examples and practical tasksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really very useful. i love this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is my second time to take the course. It is really wonderful. I love every lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it just could go deeper, but it is a very nice course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A superb introduction to negotiation from game theory point of view, which itself is a fascinating subject and taught by Barry nelbuff, a brilliantly simple teacher. read his books and you'll know.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think the course is very well organized and provides great ideas. I enjoyed doing the exercises and quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has relatively few instructions about homework. I believe more test cases would be better.(Though able to be found in forum.) Besides, lecture is really awesome. Thanks a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course that helped me tremendously with studying techniques and improving my overall learning skills.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basic but very helpful course! I highly recommend for those who just begin to learn web design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is great!!! I love the handson most. Working with tweet text was really challenging for me but it was worth the time and effort.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks, this course is great.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
simple but clear, good for beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Basic information but well presented.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course really introduced me to the basic concepts that I need in database design. I really appreciate.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed this course and got a lot of personal growth out of it. The variety of the presenters and the scope of the information was very engaging and enlightening. Kudos to all involved with this course material!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much its a very powerful course. I learned a lot from itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very informative and challenging course, i enjoyed finishing it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course. I loved each lesson, the examples, the methodology, the teacher is Amazing!!! (Feel like we're friends now!) Very easy to follow exercises and achievable assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, Bob discuss the concepts in simple but very detail way I learn a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was an excellent experience for me. I have made lots of notes. Many thanks to Mr. Landers and to all who participated in preparing this course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite fun, Dr Severance goes into good detail on the topic, his lectures are quite engaging, as he has filmed himself talking, so they are a lot more personal, and less "mind blowing" than some hardcore programming courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best professors i've ever come across! If the teacher is so passionate about the subject material as well as conveying the ideas, the course will be excellent. This is one of those courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course and awesome professor. I highly recommed it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
All the videos contain necessary information. The assignments are clear and very well structured. It is really a great course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course. I bought Barbara's book as well and have recommended her material to my staffThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great material and wonderful instruction! One of the better courses out there.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Course is greate, really! But one thing was not as good, as I want - teachers pronunciation. Other things were great! Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic course! So much great information and I always feel uplifted while doing it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course structured very well for a beginner. It makes it easy to understand the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really interesting points to construct a solid base of pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome and must take course!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome Course! One must do this course if he/she is a beginner in ROR.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
good instructors and content , i enjoyed itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course deals with the basics, and can be taken up by someone having very less or even no prior knowledge on the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best part about this course was that it made sure you are interested in learning the subject. If not, it is really really difficult to get on with it. It makes sure you understand the subject really well and you have to give back to the community.I liked the fact that you have to read the "Readings for this module" part, otherwise you won't be able to pass the Quizzes at the end of each module. You have to write a short paragraph which it will be reviewed by peers, who will in turn give you ratings. You have to do the same for other peers. This was probably the best aspect of this course.The music was extremely annoying and the quality of the content in the videos was okay, but the most important part is that it guided me in the right direction every time. Sometimes, by the end of the video, the music started in between the lecture itself and played itself for 3-4 seconds.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great for beginners with background in programming!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's good,i have learned some useful learning skills,and it also give me a new perspective on learning.This course in some sense,changed my way of study.This is also the first class i have taken online.Thank you for your efforts,to give me a graet course.我觉得这门课挺好的，我从中学到了一些很有用的学习技巧，同时它也给了我一个新的方式去看待学习。这门课改变了我的学习方法，我开始做笔记，每天定计划，尽量多使用recall，创建有用的chunk，尽管这才刚刚开始，不过我想我会从中受益的。感谢所有参与这门课程制作的成员，是你们的努力让我有了这次不错的网上课程体验。同时也要感谢翻译的成员，正是有了中文做参照，才让我能坚持下来，完成课程。Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Covers almost all the R concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A new way to look at entrepreneurship, absolutely must-watch!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a vary nice course to learn python.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
truly Informative course. Well thought about the syllabus. This is very useful for doctorate students as well!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very interesting however I expected more interviews from experts and more articles or literature to read for further developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I shall say it's a perfect introduction course for one who's interested in linguistic : )))The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Succinct and to-the-point course. Easy to understand theory and many practical examples make this a very easy-going course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Clear explanations and instructions throughout the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck is simply awesome.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course itself only introduces the main aspects and helps with installation of the tools, while no actual programming is taught. But it is useful for having better understanding of the following courses in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
it is very useful courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Would be great to have a certificateThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the course and thank you so much for providing me with good information related to the corruption. In addition to the course "Managerial Ethics" that I am taking in my university, these two lecture made synergy effect to made me understand the materials.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is not only well structured, but truly enjoyable with the various outdoor backgroundThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course. A must for business graduates and useful in your day to day life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is one of the best introductory courses on image processing. The lectures are very good and cover a large variety of topics.The only thing that I didn't like about this course is that the homework problems do not cover all the content. The programming problems should be designed to be more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course for begginers but quite boring for those who know programming in language other than pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
So much fun to start off something new , when the professor is so lively!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Professor Ng enhances this course with many practical, real-world examples that we can all relate to. He also focuses on "how to intuit" things before diving into the details. The Matlab/Octave labs were useful and it was fun to see my "handwritten digit classifier" process images and correctly identify the digits.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, very well structured, I liked very much. The teacher was excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course for those who want to drive into nodeJS and mongoDB.Theory, practice and assignments are perfectly constructed and presented in a structured, informative way.For me, it is exactly the course I needed.Thank you,NikitaThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Best course for music teachers and students as well. From this course one can learn basic to advanced things and proper method to play the instrument. The instructor also teaches the lessons interestingly in a new way, and shares many good different techniques to learn by heart the tunes.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
perfect lectures of Politics ^^The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
One of the best course that I ever seem before. I'm really happy to do that and I know that was important to my career.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love the course and I learn to much, thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very well-executed course with very interesting, illuminative and most importantly, useful skills and knowledge to gain from.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Enjoyed the course and learned a lot within short three weeks. Assignments that are peer-reviewed really help with learning and seeing different ways to tackling same problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent teachers and course. Congratulations!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for those whose to start learning guitar. Its all the basics you need (Chords, Scales etc.)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is fantastic because it´s helping me to remember some rules in punctuation, and I can understand easy and practice exercises.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good starting point for learning ML!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An interesting courseWell-organized with a number of well-selected references and materialsAs an entrepreneur, found it very usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I learned a lot about *how* the internet works, which makes this course totally worth the time I spent on it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really great course. I really enjoyed the activities, the practice in a course is fundamental for the success of acquiring knowledge. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wishes to learn the basics of the marketing mix, in the digital context. Aric is really clear explaining the subjects, but again, the course's success is based in the practice exercises of each module.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting course, with a very popular guest: Michael Pollan (Netflix, Cooked) A perfect - more scientific underlining of the documentation "Cooked".The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very nice course, Thanks a lot for holding this and provide very useful materials in a easy-understanding manner!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course highlights why Coursera is now one of the giants of MOOCs! I don't think you can't find courses like such at most of (?) other MOOC sites.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well explained, I liked it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course let me have a recognize about machine learning explicitly and very usefully, also let me know a lot of innovative ideas and techniques. Encouraging me a lot in learning big dataThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Quite informative but could have better with some practical knowledge and practical homeworks.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
My name is Anna Beatris and I am a postgraduate student at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics.The course is hugely important. In particular, I liked the peer-review assignment. Having someone else read my work really helped me a lot. If nothing else, it gave me a break to refresh my mind before I came back for more editing.More specifically, participating in peer review has helped me:· Learn how to read carefully, with attention to the details of a piece of writing;· Learn how to strengthen my writing by taking into account the responses of actual readers;· Make the transition from writing primarily for myself or for an instructor to writing for a broader audience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course for beginners in Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely well designed course to introduce many practical aspects of machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Learn a lot of useful knowledge from seven lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course that brings a lot of up-to-date knowledge with a practical, interactive and entertaining methodology. It motivates you as a professional to look at the 4Ps of the marketing mix from a world digital perspective, analyzing case studies that use digital tools and technology to find new solutions for businesses in a new era where consumers take more active roles in pricing, promotion, placing and even co-creation of products.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great Course, that require to use all the topics you have learned in the previous courses of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent.Learned three distinct set of skills. 1) Product design that makes the job easy for the user. 2)Elements of importance in designing layout for soft screen 3)Conducting experimental studies on users.Great course!!! Good teaching Scott...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to different machine learning techniquesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really happy to getting know how bootstrap works. I have heard a lot about it but till this Course it was only magic for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very easy to get some idea about machine learning, interesting contentsThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good course to start the data studiesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful and easy to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The best course I have taken. Totally recommended for those who want to improve their knowledge in dynamics.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good course. I am glad I took the time to complete it. A bit lacking in Javascript thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you Nick! Yes I watched all your lectures and did all the quizzes and the assignments just for fun :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well explained ! thank you !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is the best in the world!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good content and nice way of teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very enjoyable course, and immediately helpful in applying to my ESL classesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course and a great instructor. If you are a beginner and exploring the other courses in this series, this will move you in the right direction!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course, it really helps with me being a mum who works full time to not get complacent with the fast foods that are readily available, and to go back to cooking properly and sitting down for a good meal.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an excellent introductory course to the world of Machine Learning. I think that after the course you are going to be able to read any paper in the area and grasp at least some details of it. Andrew is one of a kind teacher, very intuitive and easy to follow. This was the kickstart I was needing to completely dive myself into the world of ML. Completely recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Whatever level you are at programming, you will learn something new with this course because of the amazing teaching style provided by Dr. Chuck. Takes a seemingly complex subject and makes it incredibly simple and comprehensible to everyone! LOVE LOVE LOVE this course and any course taught by Dr. Chuck. This is part of an entire specialization. The only thing that is really lacking is an in-depth discussion of OOP. He briefly touches on it so that you know to go and look at it on your own time, but I wish he touched on it a little more. Nonetheless, 5/5 on this course. Thanks Dr. Chuck and supporting staff that make this course worth taking. The forum is still ACTIVE and if you run into problems a TA will be there to help you out! Critically to anyone's style of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! Very challenging while using all of the knowledge conveyed in the previous courses. The assignments are interesting in getting the lessons topics across. Multiple ways to get the correct results and allows you to be creative.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a course made with compassion and creativityThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learning this course gave me confidence and more interest in exploring data science, I plan to explore further through the next couple of courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting lectures and crystal clear concepts - thanks to Professor Rindfleisch.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent content. The instructors are very thorough in their explainations. The only fault I see is that there isn't many students doing the course, and such it is hard to get help, especially if your schedule is tight and you can only do online courses on Saturday and Sunday. Looking forward to taking the Advance course though.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course is super simple and easy to digest. Its clear the tutors are super passionate about the subject matter and have gone to lengths to ensure its relevant, fun and memorable. Its straight forward and has quite a few effective pearls for helping one learn better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really nice course with a mixture of slides, presentations, interviews and exercises. I definitely suggest it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good coverage of basic concepts. For me personally, aThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice lecture to know someting about the elctronics ...thanks...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course... A great introduction to Competitive Strategy, well dictated through theory and examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Some interesting content if you are interested in Serious Games.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have been studing this series of courses. I think it's very nice!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely innovative exercises and guidelines. Really opens one s brain to think creatively. The intructions for assignments need a bit more clarification.A worthy ue of hard earned money.Thanks CourseraThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course was well thought and well presented. I found it quite easy to follow these concepts and learn.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Love it so far. The lesson exercises make everything easy to learn and not boring.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good class!. However, the course is somehow shallow. More professional skills should be introduced.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
very useful course and full of good informationThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Dr. Chuck makes the course (and python) very interesting! The course is simple enough for complete beginners to start learning Python. The assignments are challenging but manageable with the help of TAs and fellow classmates. I feel great to have finished this course and I will start the next one in this specialization soon!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I really enjoyed the topics presented and the fluid way to present them. It's a very well done summary of the classification models.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you want to have a deep knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really good, but to short!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very general introduction to the topic. Fair warning: they throws in allot of acronyms, which can be very discouraging to continue with the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
i didn't get the certificate yetThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a practical hands on course with very responsive teaching staff. On mature reflection I personally wish I had made the time for a python tutorial before starting that assignment. Most of it is javascript though and probably the same holds if you are unfamiliar with javascript/nodejs programming - do a tutorial first. Overall I had some fun with this and I learnt new stuff. I had to use a simulator for the SenseHat; it probably would increase the fun factor if you have a real SenseHat.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very useful courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Neural networks lectures need to be more decipherable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Interesting introduction to negotiation techniques and strategies.Very pedagogical videos, congrats to Prof. Siedel.I totally recommend this course to people feeling curious about negotiation!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great first step in machine learningThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's wonderful to take this course it's an amazing feeling, Initially i was bit hesitant as the course will not be like as i expected , but the way of explaining the methods is something unique and very easily adaptable for a laymen too,All the best and keep rocking!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course on Front-End JavaScript Frameworks. Covers a wide range of web development topics and tools that can easily overwhelm first-time takers. Professor Jogesh is a great instructor who knows his stuff and explains everything thoroughly. Students may have to take this class twice to really soak in the material, and this is just the front-end side of web development!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A media-rich and thoroughly fun learning experience. You'll never look at mountains in the same way again, after beginning to know them here.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
That's was Avery good experience on the course it's really beneficial and very helpful and I want to thank doctors that had taken apart in explaining cancer metastasis thanks very muchThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, well paced was really helpful to me in understanding the cultures of different organisations.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's one of the best courses I've ever done! I'm really enjoying doing it. It's really well-thought and well-structured. I love every minute of it and I feel like I really analyse and learn something new. Huge thank you to the creators of the course and Barabara in paricular for beeing such an inspired and inspiring speaker. You are emazing! Thank you angain!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely well organised, breathtaking lectures. Strongly recommend to those who are interested in philosophy!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good, complete and interesting course ;) Thanks a lot for sharing your information and strategies so we can all become better teachers. Kids need and deserve that!!! <3The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
what a great specialization and series of courses... highly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very well delivered, clearly a lot of effort went into it on behalf of the excellent lecturers and the quality productionThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Although long-winded, it is a fantastic course w/fantastic insights!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a very good introduction to machine learning and how to use machine learning packages in R. It would have been better if the class had been longer than four weeks, but I learned a lot for the length of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
nice course with good information and helpful practiceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks everyone for such an interesting experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course for a person who does not know anything of programming language.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot! I have now dedicated more time to becoming a data analyst, and eventually a data scientist. The materials used in the videos were helpful and current (for me at least, 30 years young). I have started doing more learning on the kaggle platform as well as doing some hands-on Hadoop related training. Thanks to the professors!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful course, which gave me the basic information about the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I study this course still.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Gave me a much better understanding of how luxury brand work and how to go about creating my own.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The fast pace of knowledge been propagated at this time, places this course right at the top of this leap towards the near future.Thank you all for the kindness in making possible the absorption of this knowledge,All the best.A.FriszmanThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent class that has also given me insights about my life and how to live life.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Learned a lot everything was easy to understand and follow.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome course to start data science with.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I like this course because they are covering really complicated topics in very less material. And the assignments are amazing. They are worth the learning effect they create.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Congratulations !!!. You have managed to explain complex knowledge in a simple wayThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an extremely interesting course that delves deeper than just dog cognition by connecting the evolution and domestication of dogs with that of humans and apes. I thoroughly enjoy this course and will be looking for other courses conducted by Dr. Hare.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It really had a grip on me for such a long duration that I even changed my job just to work in this area. One of the most exciting and fantastic fields to work in. Thanks Andrew for motivating me with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thank you so much for the course, Prof. Shiller! It was a unique an immense experience!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
All of the tips and tricks learned here will make my classes more interactive and productive!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The contents were very relevant and more geared to those with some experience already. The assignments are worth doing. The only problem is that some of the assignments have errors which are only listed in pinned posts in the forum (with a link to a ticket but nothing's been done about it). Still, learned a lot so the on the whole would recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Loved the course. Had a wonderful time studying!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really a simple and great course. Anyone can learn from it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found it a bit peculiar that there were no tasks (problem sets) that were actually required to be taken (and passed obviously) to receive this course's certificate - which kind of devalues the obtainment of such in my opinion as passing the course by taking quizzes only seems a bit easy to me. Also the whole presentation of the material seemed not as thoroughly thought through - compared to other moocs I have taken or even the first course of this specialization. Although I must admit once you totally got around the fact that this mooc relies heavily on supplementary learning material (I for one bought the ebook mentioned in the course - the busy coder's guide to android development - which is an excellent book and I probably would not have found out about without this mooc) and one gets used to it's approach it is not as bad. Altogether I have to say the course was no waste of my time since I certainly did learn a lot but it could use some honing on a few sides. On an absolute positive side I feel the urge to mention the case studies conclusively which were really eye opening if analysed alongside the mentioned ebook and doing some googling :) Looking forward to course number 3 of this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A nice course for beginners.Dr. Chuck is really humorous.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good for overview of these years, I really recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I thought this course was great in the information it provided, though it moved a little fast for me as a beginning programmer. I think it would be useful to add a separate course just on Javascript to the specialization, as I still feel pretty lost with JS and the introduction of JQuery and Meteor on a shaky JS foundation is quite hard to grasp without a lot of supplemental information from other sites.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing Content for newbies , I do recommend these for business leaders as well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to the world of plants.I enjoyed it a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've been trying different platforms and languages to start with, this one really made me sit down and study.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very useful techniques for everyday life at the office and in the classroom!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I got a non-technical background but Dr. Chuck made programming be easy for me to follow and learn. Thanks Dr. Chuck and Coursera. I highly recommend this course to everybody!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I came here to learn. I learned.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course for a beginner with just the right pace!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a delight to learn from people so enthusiastic and committed.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredible thanks to the teacher for this amazing course!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fairly good and amazing courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a great course for everyone who wants to step in Machine Learning area.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very Good introduction to MeteorThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have learned many issues and insights, and I am most satisfied.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was an excellent beginner level course for Python. Though I had prior coding/programming experience with MATLAB, I learnt new and interesting things from the perspective of a computer science course. I also have to say this was the first course that I successfully completed on Coursera which is a reflection of the interesting course material and the enthusiasm shown by Dr. Charles Severance in his videos. I particularly enjoyed the last assignment. I will definitely try to complete the specialization from here. Thank you Coursera, UMichigan and Dr. Severance!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great！It helps me a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This has been a challenging course for a person that doesn't have any accounting experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellence in targeting the audienceThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I quite enjoy studying this course. I really enjoy the interaction with Jerry! Interesting course and I have fun~The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
What I loved in this course is its ability to combine, illustrates and discus to distinct fields into one course that is really interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I liked the course but most of the things were common sense for me.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A good level of detail for newcomers to web technologies. The assignments are good but I would say too easy in that most of the work in figuring out what to do is actually done for you in the outline of what to submit.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A course you will only be grateful to yourself for taking...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent instructor and excellent information and great courses in the specialization. The instructor is extremely goodThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I've known a lot of new things and they make me become a better designer and think more about what is a good design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome Course to grasp how to learn and i love the way the videos leads you through the outline without being boring or making me give up. It could be the recurring quizzes that help e stay tuned or the positivity from the teachers/instructors. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is the first course I had concluded here at Coursera, with the certainty that having knowledge in macroeconomics prepares us for better decision making in life and in business.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent. Completely changed how I perceive the world.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I fully recommend the "Power of microeconomics". It is a clear, well-designed and practical-oriented course to understand the foundations of everyday's economy. The only observation is that I would pay more attention to contextualize and explore what entails adopting perfect competition as the ideal market structure and, by the same token, what truly means understanding economics as a science that addresses solely descriptive, and not normative, questions.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really practical project in the genomics field!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great perspective of how to do science!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The material was enough to take one from basics to the advanced level of accounting.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Coursera's platform + Chuck's teaching style = Great !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is an amazing course. One of a kind in Tableau. The course is very interactive and the professors are amazing teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
a very interesting course for anyone who enjoys simple easy to use systems and tools themselves. The last assignment was a great example of the practical applicability of this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very much Helpfull for New comers in College or who gonna admitted in college and trying to start their undergrad life . Thanks for this Course .The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A Fantastic course, bring forward a lot of new material to me personally. Having not studied any science since i was 16, and completed high school, i found this course extremely interesting and very much enjoyed the clear presentations. The content on bio-fuels was, for me, the highlight.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sometimes get a bit boring, though the upcoming courses in the series are real-awesomeThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Well taught. Materials were good. Lessons increased knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
An excellent overview of the subject. Ordered the book - found an older edition copy for cheap on an auction site - and found it invaluable on exams. This class is less sleep inducing and more fun than most.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
recommeded course!not only for a mother who already have a child, but for an individual person either.this course provide so many useful information for our daily life, I like itThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
really good and well structured.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I found this course incredibly useful and practical. It has not only helped me better understand the process of learning but it has also given me valuable tools in how to optimize my learning process.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Good definition for extreme programming and software process models.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I just loved the course! Kimberley Barker is so genuine and so plain, that for me that I am new in the field, was easy to understand and to improve my skills and knowledge. Thank you so much Kimberley!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great class. It would be better to provide English version quizThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As far as I know, this course is unique: it is the only one that lets you build your knowledge of modeling climate change by building your own models. I'm giving it 4, not 5, as the forums are very quiet. Prof. Archer has done a great job of providing infrastructure so students can focus on the physics. Assessment is a combination of a grader, to check your code in particular cases, peer review, and quizzes that will be easy if you code works. You can probably bluff your way through the quizzes, but it's easier to get your code working and then read off the answers to the questions. Peer reviews also give you a chance to see how other students have solved the problems.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have taken many other basic music theory but they are so hard to understand! But this one totally works!! What an excellent course!! Thanks so much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course with great collection of tests and assignments. Great contribution by the teachers too!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has a charismatic professor and lots of interesting information. I enjoyed it very much!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome Course and Teacher. If you are wondering if you should take it or not just do it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Is a great course for musicians, producers and composer. It's a great DAWThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is probably my favorite of the first three courses in the series. The infographic and blogging strategies were very practical and useful. Even though I've been blogging for some time, I got a lot of new ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a Great course for who ever is working with Social organizations and with projects dealing with social Norms, even for another people is always good to understand some patterns of behavior. Am liking a lot what am learning, it is good form my work as Project Manager of an Mozambican NGO.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good basic teachings that can get anyone with a family set to start cooking more nutritious and delicious meals for the whole family. I like how simply it is and how one can easily apply the knowledge to their every day lives.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It was very useful to learn the basics of pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is an interesting course, and you can make a little game after learning it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Superb TO start programming inn PythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The lecturer and structure were very good. Five Stars.Sadly, I felt the course could have used a bit more substance. Less than hour of lectures per week and only one programming assignment left me wanting more. By contrast after taking https://www.coursera.org/learn/matlab/home/welcome I realy felt like I had a grasp on the material.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Extremely helpful and well guided roundup for any one who is interested in experimenting with FMRI data and experiment.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
As a beginner I don't know where to start and what to practice. This course took me in a ride which helped me to learn python basics and while learning videos and resources that are available made me feel comfortable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really enjoyed watching the video lectures of this course. The Matlab programming assignments were well balanced so that it is possible to complete them without much programming experience.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very comprehensive. Covers almost all important topics of Machine learning. Challenging yet fun. I highly recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wonderful course for new learner. Highly recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good beginner level course on machine learning. Gives good insight and intuition on basics of machine learning. Provides good foundation to learn more advanced concepts in machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great opportunities for me to experience creativity in design. I struggle initially to come up with my own mock ups, and I persisted because I am motivated with what I learned from the modules.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course and great teacher!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Barbara and Terrance were excellent presenters with deep knowledge of the topic and extremely clear presentation skills. I've purchased Barbara's book and read many of Terry's papers. Thank-you for an excellent Coursera.org course!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent historical accounts of the excesses of the hitler regime that hopefully will serve as silent witnesses of history may not reitself.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course. It allows to learn the basics of angular js very fast and easily. I only missed a little more of content in directives scopes, but here you can learn a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative! Love the positive outcome and attitude!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course and teachers with rigorous assignments. Must recommended for FRM candidates or Risk management professionals.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This teaches me the fundamentals of programming and python like no other course I've tried.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
There could be more assignments (maybe more complex, or with different outputs) to fix the knowledge of the video lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to jump into python 3.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fast paced coding introdution to HTML, CSS and JavaScript, but easy to understand even for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course that provides a little more than only basics of forensic science at the same time giving overview of the major areas that this subject covers. Mr Roderick Bates explains everything very clearly implementing new ideas gradually. I loved plethora of examples and case studies. Assignments made learning enjoyable.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is full of fun. I like the interesting assignment and I learned a lot from doing by myself and reviewing other students' work. I also got feedback from my classmates which helped me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing course! One thing I can recommend is maybe a place for time management. Simply because I attempted to use what the course has taught me but I simply didn't have enough time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative, easy to learn, and love the videos! I want my kitchen to look like the professor's!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A great course to learn.Some quiz are broken, check forums often for that.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Incredibly informative and well explained for people who don't already have a basic understanding of the common law. Also manageable hours for people who are busy.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
would be perfect if it didnt lie to me saying there is a capstone project and courses 5 and 6, i wishThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course gives us very fundamental idea of quantitative modeling but advanced modeling and/or tools. It's good for entre level students.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I think that this course could be -if it's applied what is taught here- "life changing". I love this course. Thanks Barbara, Terry and Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I struggled doing the exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Amazing instructors and also the material! I love it! Thanks for sharing all this knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
great class! would love to purchase more advanced lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course helped me grasp the basics of python. A huge thank you to the creators of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Another great course by Brian Winn. To the point and complete. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course has opened up my eyes to how beautiful and fragile mountain landscapes are. I have a great appreciation for the vegetation, wildlife, and climates which surround and inhabit the mountains. I will look to my time outdoors with greater enthusiasm and sense of adventure, as I try to put some of the lessons into practice and perspective. The lessons on global warming were particularly new to me, to now grasp the importance of monitoring climate change, limiting the change and understanding that mountains themselves could be endangered to various degrees if nothing is done. Thank you to everyone involved in producing these lectures. Both Zac and David have a passion for the outdoors, which is evident in their callings. Matt and Laura's tips are very helpful, and if there is a future MOOC followup to Mountains 101, I hope they would still be involved, with longer seminar length videos, which could explain setting up a bivouac, using crampons with an ice-axe to ascend mountain peaks, as well as more in depth training from the ACC. I imagine Dr. Robinson would love to incorporate a few ascents into any class curriculum. :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is very good course to introduce the basic idea what the software product manager should be. Even as an experienced PM, I learned a lot from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I loved this course as I found the topic fascinating (the 10 hallmarks absolutely blew my mind - those cancer cells are so conniving!). I think the instructors did a fantastic job delivering the material.I am a Product Manager in the software industry, and I took this class for my personal curiosity.I wish we were able to submit the answers to the quiz without officially purchasing the course. I did not purchase the course as it does not pertain to my profession and I do not really need a certification for it.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Had a blast doing this course. Mr. Bloom is a great teacher! Incredibly interesting and insightful resources as well. Makes me wish I could go to Yale!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a good course for a complete beginner in statistical inference. It helped me to understand some points I found confusing in "Statistical Inference" Coursera course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good course!. The professor is very competent and explains very well.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Following the real life example in the introduction is really catchy and get involve to the course.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very informative in the subject material for an introductory course. I am looking forward to the next set of courses.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Fantastic opportunity to learn from the best.thank you kindly!DGHThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This class is "concretely" awesome!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is my first course about web development. I am very grateful to Mr. Yaakov Chaikin. I got the right direction and a lot of new knowledge for further study. This course to anyone. You will not regret the time spent.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Wow. AMAZING COURSE. yet again...The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is really a useful course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Brilliant!! So helpful to this mature student, returning to course work after 12 years.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very easy to follow; resourceful materials for those looking to build up basic structure of programming logic.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
If you want basic useful Mandarin, this course is a great introduction! I am traveling to China in a few months and I am looking forward to trying to use what I've learned in the course! The teacher is easy to understand and the grammar points are straightforward. I really enjoy it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Everything about this course it great! I'm learning a lot of things in a fast pace.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Really liked the course structure and design.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It is a really good course, the video classes are really clear and the topic is very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course explains game theory from the perspective of social science.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Would be better to have more and shorter exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Heartfelt gratitude to Dr. Ng and the entire coursera team on pulling off such a great introductory course. Honestly, machine learning is such a vast topic, that every nook and cranny of the internet has some opinion or the other on its methods. It can get pretty daunting for a beginner. This course is a perfect balance of theory and practice. It doesn't get too "mathy", nor does it get too dumbed down on it. The basic ideas, their implementations are discussed thoroughly, and Dr. Ng himself is such a smooth lecturer. A section on what to do after finishing this course would be helpful, as there are so many domains of machine learning, that it can get pretty confusing to decide. Also, I found the assignment tutorials a bit vague. Multiple times, I happened to scratch my head trying to figure what exactly the assignment in asking me to do. Clearer explanations of what to do in the assignments would be great. All in all, a wonderful course. Thanks a ton!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very good course. Concise.Good review and fresh look into webprogramming.Love i already!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect Overview of the different Machine Learning techniquesThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good introduction to pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I have written a review when I gave my feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
A very good summary that will help you to navigate in the future ML techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. Highly recommended for the up-and-coming Entrepreneur.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Excellent course. Prof. Oktay explained very wellThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Thanks for keeping the videos short, as to not have to deal long loading/buffering/streaming time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Exellent part of the specialization, jumping into the fray !The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I am changing my review because to do otherwise would be untrue to the Professor who has done a damn good job. Because of him, this course is superb. Coursera is untrue to its representations about the course, which is unfortunate and I will rate them one star, but I can't allow that to diminish the quality of the Professor or the Course. Coursera has taken the position that Part Two is completely different from Part One and different rules apply. I always thought that if you offer something in parts, any disclaimer regarding the parts had to be disclosed prior to someone taking Part 1 and the disclaimer had to apply to all parts.Just be warned that Coursera apparently has taken the position that it can create a totally separate entity and name it as Part 2 and that gives them the right to govern Part 2 differently from the way it governed Part 1. I know that Coursera has many fine Universities that participate in its online studies programs and that a number of those institutions have exceptional law schools. UVA's law school is one of the very best in the country and I would strongly recommend to Coursera that they contact the law professor who teaches consumer law and run this matter by them to find out the potential consequences of what they are doing. 5 Stars to the course, to Professor Zelikow, and to the University of Virginia. Negative Stars to Coursera and the folks who made the decision to change the rules for Part 2 of the 2 Part Course!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course. I learned things that I didn't think were possible.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very important course if you want to know more about data analysis. Fascinating materials (Markowitz optimisation, linear regression, information gain, binary classification...) with both theoretical and practical aspects! In spite the fact you won't learn much about VBA skills, this course will definitely give you a very good basis for addressing any data analysis problem with Excel.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This is a very inspire and deeply interesting course! All of parts architected are simple, competently and logical. After course i find many of my bad mistakes and i hope it helps me to be better and learn faster. Because we learn through all the life!I finished my university many years ago, but now i would learn by Barbara Oakly and Dr. Senjowsky with pleasure. You are the great teachers! Thanks for learned me how to learn!with respect, Rouslan Boulatov, Moscow, Russia.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Sir Tim Roughgarden teaches very straight forward and easy .I like the course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This whole specialization is an outstanding program: the instructors are entertaining, and they strike the right balance between theory and practice. Even though I consider myself quite literate in statistics and numerical optimization, I learned several new techniques that I was able to directly apply in various part of my job. We really go in depth: while other classes I've taken limit themselves to an inventory of available techniques, in this specialization I get to implement key techniques from scratch. Highly, highly recommended.FYI: the Python level required is really minimal, and the total time commitment is around 4 hours per week.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Overall, this course was fairly challenging and at times I would get frustrated, but every minute was worth it after realizing the knowledge I have gained and have been able to use in the real world. I think sometimes the assignments just kind of dive right in and there's not much hand-holding, but that can be a good thing. My only suggestion would be to extend the course from 4 to 6 weeks and spread out the material a bit, but overall, you just have to be committed and make time.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's great. I really enjoyed it!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great introduction to Machine Learning!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
5 stars without any hesitation. Great teaching, great content, AND very useful to anyone. Highly recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Perfect introduction class. Dr. Ng is very considerate to use plain language to explain all the concepts, consequently making this class really easy to follow. Despite the fact that I myself have an advanced quantitative background, I still find that there are some abundant of take-aways from this class. Thank you so much for putting this course online and for creating Coursera!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course help me in better understanding many areas of fraud investigation, so I recommend it to all!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Awesome module, but the Deep Learning course should be redone in my honest opinion. The explanation for it is on way too high of a level compared to the other courses within this module and way too bogged down in the details.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course, I would highly recommend it to everyone who want to learn more about XML and JSON and how to use it in Python. The exercises and assignments should be tougher though!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
WOW! I'd like to take this course 10 years ago, but have not invented time machine... yet :)The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Peer Assignment is not too clearThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a course that will develop your capacity of watch the company's decisions for a theoretical way, and be able to understand their choices.These decisions will be needed for a sustainable firm.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
I love this course in particular because this is a great opportunity to learn something from one of the best schools of music, and with an amazing professor. Thank you for giving me this opportunity.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
It's a fun class to take and I learned some of the basics of programming.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course not just about syntax of programming language (unlike many other courses for beginners). It teaches you think as a programmer. It was pretty interesting to know how hardware works and how computer structure influences the coding. I found lots of great examples and the particular cases on the conditions, loops, and functions that can now be used by me in JavaScript and Swift. The best tutorial on code basics! Thanks Dr. Chuck!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Very good!But it isn't for beginner players.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
Great course! I am now mentoring this course.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
After all, i enjoy this course. Hope pro.Don will update for amazing swift.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course is exceptional. However there are many errata that could be corrected but Coursera refuses to do so.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
concise and stright to the pointThe sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This was a really great intro to Ruby on Rails. Challenging yet I was still able to work through challenges. Excellent instructor & mentor support in discussions!!!The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
The course offers good insight into R programming for beginners. A little more application and examples would make the course even better.The sentiment of this sentence is positive .
This course does not say anything about digitization which is the core subject of the digital wave.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course doesn't contain any new information. It does not teach you but just excitedly shows commonly known facts.There are better ways to invest your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While there is some interesting content, particuarly in the last week on design thinking, some of the course topics don't seem to hold together well, and the videos include a lot of monotonous talking heads. While this conveys the benefit of being able to listen to some of the videos without consistently watching, the interview questions asked of speakers are sometimes printed on the screen and not asked verbally. If you're not watching, you miss the questions. I would like to see this course refocused on design thinking for 3D printing, with other applications interspersed as examples rather than constituting the lion's share of the course. I believe that format would both be more engaging and do a better job of delivering skills with more opportunity for practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not find very interesting this course. too many interviews. It could works for the first course, but not for the second. I was expecting to have more technical material and lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of speaking without any sense. Skip it at all costThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course doesn't contain any new information. It does not teach you but just excitedly shows commonly known facts.There are better ways to invest your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't really care about the stories from the students or seeing the space for one whole lecture video. It's clear that Ultimaker is the sponsor, but it felt like a commercial. I want to learn more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's not a course... this is a very short general introduction to 3D PrintingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First of all, I really enjoyed Professor Ittner's presentations. Sadly, his presentation was only 25% of the course. Professor Ittner was very direct but also was very engaging in how he delivered his content. I had a good feeling that I could really understand the material he was teaching. If I could give a rating for just Professor Ittner, I would give a 5 star rating. Now, this is why I am giving this course a 1 star rating. But I do have to say, going into the depths of Accounting Analytics is not easy. You really need to have a good grasp of Accounting otherwise you will get lost. Professor Bushee did not make the first 3 weeks really easy to get through. While I enjoyed his examples & case studies, he simply did not do a great job of really explaining and illustrating the concepts he was teaching. And worst of all, he setup a digitally generated classroom where he had his computer generated students ask pointless questions, make pointless statements, or answer with pointless statements/answers. I really wish I had the time to analyze how much of the course time he spent doing this, I would estimate that it's around 10% but it could very well be higher. There are so many different examples to pick form, but I'll just pick a few here. "I didn't read the Iliad or Odyssey some I'm not going to ask you to" in reference why in regression there are Greek letter used for coefficients (it's a fair assumption that someone taking this class understands coefficients), a 30 second exchange where a PC generate student says that they're "stocked" to run some regression followed by Proffessor Bushee informing us that "we're going to run some narly regressions", Professor Bushee saying he doesn't know how to perform Earning Management Analysis on Mars but he certainly knows how to do it on Earth, and a joke why people don't like accountants. These segments add absolutely zero value. They lengthen the time of the course. To make maters worse, I'm sure Proffessor Bushee had to spend even more time creating this additional interaction together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No practical knowledge learnd and no clear examples of the topics. Too complex all the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
weeks 1,2 and 3 were not satisfactory according to me. the video lectures were difficult to comprehend. week 4 was very good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The three first weeks were almost completely dedicated to traditional finance accounting ratio analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course was not easy to grasp, lost interest after the first week and I barely got through the quiz at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professors need to undergo a presentation and Instruction Design skills. They were talking a lot and everything was going over my head, the reason was there were not visual prompt for the examples, specifically in the last week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Capstone project has been getting delayed since JanDont expect yourself to complete the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Easiest accounting common sense. If you ever took acct , this will be a wasting of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While I enjoyed this course and the topics covered, I don't feel like the course content matched what the course description stated it was supposed to. I enrolled in the Business Analytics Specialization course with a focus on analyzing a business from the inside, not outside. Of the 4 weeks of the course, I'd say that only week 4 was valid from an internal perspective but it was kept very high level. I'd say this course could be good for a specialization in business market analysis, but not as advertised.I also found the cartoon classroom questions to be very annoying, almost as bad as fingernails on a blackboard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lot of considerably complex and dry (accounting and statistics!) subject matter covered at a high level without much discussion! Quiz questions are unnecessarily complex - which (IMHO) will discourage / turn off those who are new to this subject matter in completing this course. The last week is pretty interesting though!I am taking the full business analytic course - and find that the quality and complexity of content is all over the place!! Some are way too simple and some are highly complex.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't like that course because of:-weak explanations of algorithms-almost all assignments I googled, I spent all my time googling these algorithms-when code is submitted and something goes wrong It is not possible to understand what is really happenedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
poor course. never give any algorithm. No clue where the problem come from. The forum is only help a few people. No general ideas how to solve the problem. waist a lot of time debugging but still couldn't pass the assignment.total waste my time and garbage course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Inadequate student and teacher participation on forums, leaving students to figure things out without assistance or collaboration. Insufficient explanation of math concepts required to fully understand lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mo comment went way too fast no contact not deepThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Don't recommend.You're better off skimming through the ableton manual and using the search function to get the answers you want.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the introduction to Fusion is more a customer presentation to advanced CAD user than a tutorial for newbies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
is a very very boring curse, don't recommend anyone, please for your good at everyboduy else kill this course, don't embarrass yourself and the universities that representsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am dropping this course. don't e-mail any more for this course. How do I unroll in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So far the course is just a tutorial for using Scratch and they're not teaching how to program that is the name of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The male Professors seem to speak Chinese half the time, therefore not being able to understand the material for students who aren't fluent in Chinese. I prefer the female Professor from Advanced Neurobiology I who presented the material in English, and in an engaging and coherent way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you don't speak Chinese it's a terrible course...The lectures are recorded from lectures at university and the rhythm is very slow and not very well explained (at least the first week). The transcriptions into English are incomplete, so understand this course is very very complicated.I do not recommend it at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is great, but peer evaluation is simply useless and almost random. This specialisation needs to introduce an actual final assessment by an actual expert, not peers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was terribly disappointed in this course. Mr. Onuf spends the majority of these lectures implying what Jefferson thinks without discussing much in the way of actual history. Further, the course seems more of a commercial for the University of Virginia than anything else. Overall, a waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are just videos of the professor bloviating about Jefferson. There is nothing academic about this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
79 USD? just to be able to submit peer-graded assignments... talk about greedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
while the task of summing up a lot of information in a minimum sized presentation is always a very difficult task, the structure of the material presented was not optimal. This in turn made it difficult for me personally to actually connect the weekly information presented with the overall meaning and the objective of each module. The "why" and "how" of most modules fit to the meaning we are forming (up to week 5 -the point I am leaving this class) is not evident. Last, some of the questions contained ambiguities that could not be reasonably clarified even going back and reviewing the material of the specific segment. Thank you for the offered class in any case.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It says 'advanced writing' but it is advanced for college students, not advanced overall. I found it extremely basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It helps you build your essay-writing muscles gradually. Too much emphasis on plagiarism. Some flaws in the grading forms. The level of the participants is quite mixed, most feedback they give is useless ("good").The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not very "advanced"The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely poor quality of instruction. The lectures themselves are little more than the material being read directly off the slides by an individual with a poor grasp on the English language. The majority of the slides are walls of unclear and non-descriptive text. Even with reading directly from the slides, the lecturer is overly circumstantial in her explanations if not just outright tangential. I commend the authors for putting together a course outside of their native language but, in this case at least, it does more harm than good.In short, this course has the air of a group of first year students giving a presentation verbatim from the slides, as another commenter also mentioned below.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a discreditation to coursera, and it's low standards are appalling. From a purely certificate based perspective, the only requirement to complete the course are completely the quizzes. They are short, and can easily be googled, or the slides can be downloaded and the answers simply CRTL+F for keyboards. There is zero need to watch the lectures ( at least for the first 2 weeks).The lectures are terrible themselves. The English is beyond horrible, and I don't understand the modern culture of having teachers teach in languages they can't speak. It is purely reading off the slides in any case, word for word. I learned more about the basics in neuroscience in a 20 minutes lecture from a separate course, "Computational Neuroscience" than the entire first week here.If you actually want to learn neuroscience, check out HardvardX's intro course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the worst, most pathetic course I have taken online. If Peking University believes this is their best - I'll not be taking another course with them. The instructor's command of the English language is awful and the sub-titles are some help, but not a lot. Instructors are just talking faces up front - they cannot teach. They may be great in the lab, but keep them out of the classroom. I toughed out the course, but it only got worse. I had originally signed up for parts 1 and 2 of this course. Canceled part 2. The use of slides that are not clear / too small and not on the screen long enough to digest the information did not help. Do yourself a favor - avoid this course. As a side note - I have taken in excess of 25 online courses, this was the most painful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very boring... The professor is just reading (with a bad English). The illustrations are also very boring...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor is reading long texts. It is not really attractive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I greatly enjoyed the material presented in this course and while I do not doubt the proficiency of it's creators the poor standard of spoken English of its two main presenters prevents me from recommending it to colleagues. As another reviewer has remarked, their English may be quite sufficient for day to day use with other experts but for inadequate for teaching students who are hearing many technical terms for the first time. The transcripts are no better and also contain many mistakes. I believe that this course should be stopped until these problems are corrected.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professors sound like a group of first-year students presenting a group project, literally reading notes off of a powerpoint slide. The professors also can't speak English, so instead of explaining things in depth, they have to very, very slowly read basic phrases (to explain complex subject matter) off of what's basically a teleprompter.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really poor powerpoint presentations and videos, half in chinese. The accent of the teacher is horrible (i'm not an english-native speaking person so it's hard for me to follow english when badly spoken, so i cut off the sound and only read the subtitles.)The content is interesting though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't want to be mean, but the first week was terrible! I was expecting what it said: ADVANCED neurobiology.I feel bad giving this review. I'm just dropping the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After finishing week 1, I have decided to stick with Duke university's Medical neuroscience which is starting up again. I also highly recommend "Understanding the Brain The Neurobiology of Everyday Life" which I believe was taught by the University of Chicago. I found them to be far more engaging the viewer and the format to be much easier to follow. I found it visually disturbing and also have to keep pausing to read the slide before it switches.It's too bad because I was really looking forward to this course. It also seemed she had trouble pronouncing many of the words and I do not want to learn how to pronounce many of them incorrectly also many of the slides did not have an English translation on them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is useless and perhaps even harmful.The professors would have done much better if they had taught the class in their native Chinese language and then got a really good translator to make subtitles in English.I tried turning off the sound and just watching the presentation while reading the subtitles, but even this was so badly done in terms of language and presentation, that although I desperately wanted to take a course in advanced neurobiology, I felt that this course could actually destroy my love for the subject or teach me things that are incorrect because of language mistakes.If you are not a native speaker of English then by all means steer even further clear as you will learn some very bad English habits and pronunciation.I'm sure the profs' English ability is fine for collaborating with other professionals who already know the material, but teaching in English was a big mistake.Again, I highly suggest they re-do the entire thing in Chinese and get really good translations and subtitles made and then I think it could be an awesome course. Now, as is, it would be truly foolish to take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring and can't make sense of the presentation / language and idiom use.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lots of good information, but the presentation is very bad. Not only are the professors clearly struggling with the English (and the material, calling anatomical planes "plates" and confounding sulci with fissures, etc), but some of the recording/video editing decisions make it less engaging and more difficult to follow. For example, the size of the images is often compromised because they chose to show the professor on the left side of the screen, even though it is absolutely unnecessary to do so.Overall, I do not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
coursea does not allow me to quit the class. Also, I cannot do the homework or watch video at my own pace.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The transition from the original Coursera platform to the new one has significantly reduced my overall satisfaction with the course experience (I have previously taken the 4 earlier Rice courses in this series and enjoyed them immensely).Major contributing factors to my dissatisfaction:-- The user interface changes are unwelcome and have detracted from my ability to engage with the material.-- There have been arbitrary (and unannounced) changes to polices, e.g. dropping distinction grading.-- The price increase per course and locking down of assignments to only those who have paid has unfortunate side effects, including.-- In contrast to previous courses in this series which had an active community engagement the discussion forums are now relatively empty, running the courses more often is not going to help this situation.Having previously been an unpaid evangelist for the Coursera approach and materials I now find myself extremely reluctant to recommend this revised experience to colleagues.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While some of the information presented was interesting, it seemed oddly biased towards the perspective of highly educated foreigners. I had hoped to get more information about how America is seen by the (foreign) masses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No translations available despite what subtitles and transcripts say.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the tutorials is not for average students, it takes a very high skill to understand them . also the quiz nd the assignments r too tough.hope you can make them a bit easy, the last one ,ie with graphs and trees was a bouncer. If the maths required is so high, please take a week to first explain the math fresher required in course and then start the main courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of calculation errors and incorrect answersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i like it but there is ALOT to do i am 13 taking this for science class and i am starting to get lost in what the are sayingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor certainly knows a lot about this subject, but his delivery is stiff and dry. If he shared his passion for the subject with us it would be more enjoyable. On the plus side, I admire how he shares the Greek language with us so capably and combines art with his lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor visual aids, course content and format.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teaching quality is very average and mediocre at best.The assignments are merely implementation of lectures .The Stanford and Princeton courses on Algorithms are better courses to take for one to pursue a serious study of Algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is too shallow - amount of topics discusses is quite small. Practice tasks are boring - implement pseudocode given in lectures. No quizzes. In particular you can see that it is a bad course, if you compare it to the previous 2 courses in the specialization. I'm agree with other people posting in forums about that.Wasted time, could spend that month more productively. Not going to continue passing other future courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can only give this two stars at most.The lecturers are just like reading the PPT without any heuristic teaching approaches.The assignments make me desperate, always show very poor feedback message -- "Wrong answer", even the cases failed because of performance issue.The starter files given from the assignment are inconsistent with the pdf description. It's so confusing.Couldn't get any help from forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course was to easy and nothing new in it not as the description that it has algorithms 100000 times faster than google.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting material, but its presentation is haphazard and incomprehensible. In typical Latin American style, the presenter wanders erratically through the material in the videos in a confusing and non-linear way, so that making coherent notes is impossible. The relationship between the video, quiz and supplemental reading is sometimes hard to determine. The workload is also vastly different from week to week, including one reading of over 200 pages, indeed a whole book - whilst other lectures demanded only a few pages' worth. Sadly this course was one I abandoned - I lost patience with its random and frustrating structure and the limiting and perplexing nature of the quizzes. I should point out I am bilingual so this was by no means a language issue. If you have the patience for this, or are used to this style of learning, go ahead. I've had to stop, sadly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course should retrieved from Coursera. It is plenty of mistakes. One of the quiz is repeated. Questions do not have relation with lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not about Excel or MYSQL. This is only about Probability distribution, binary classification etc. So, if you're interested in learning some Math, this is a great course for you. But certainly not for learning some basic Excel and MYSQL. I am very disappointed and have lost all my money for nothing. I did not learn what I had initially thought I will. I feel cheated, I have lost both time and money at the same time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizzes don't match what's been taught in the video lectures. Very poorly-designed questions, where there is more than one correct answer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basic introduction to data analyticsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is VERY bad at presenting. SO dry and monotonic. Omg, I really want to learn all this but can't stand him talking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very superficial in nature and there is no difficulty...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quality of videos is not good. There is some absurd voice in between. Also the course for week 3 has information related to finance which is beyond understanding levels of a person with no financial background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Can be packed into a two-week course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Authors are too greedy for the course material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What's the point of online education if one can only access the assignments if him has purchased the course? With no access to assignments, how could one evaluating his efficient of study?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course could be completed in a matter of a few hours. Super basic stuff. Waste of money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not think that students should need to pay for a course in order to watch interviews with previous graduates. Half of this course should have been condensed or excluded. There is not much to learn in these modules. It was decent, but it was not a five star course. I think the ratings on this are misleading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Found it boring and pretty irrelevant. I was hoping to lean more on metrics especially in the digital marketing section. Pretty let down and $79 wasteThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are going to try and complete the specialization for this course series I suggest you look elsewhere. I was able to complete the first course with ease, but the second course to this specialization felt incomplete and does not tie in very well with the how excel is used. Don't be fooled by how easy the first weeks assignment is for the second course of this specialization.**My initial rating for this course alone was 4 stars, but due to the lack of effort and information in the 2nd course of this specialization I have to give this 1 star as these courses are all tied together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Everything was either super basic or else more advanced but so niche that it doesn't really apply to everyone and we don't need to learn it in that depth. Would have liked to learn a lot more about how to determine what KPIs you should be measuring in different businesses, what kinds of metrics are important, etc. The very large majority of this course will never be applicable to me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I an very disappointed that DUKE hits your up for $79 just to grade the fist quiz (which should cost them $0). This is the fist time I have seen an Institution do this. I can understand charging for a certificate, or for a Final project, but not right out of the gate. I hope that the spirit of Coursera is not changing to a "pay to play" site. There are other higher rated Universities that take a more noble approach. I wonder if all the reviewers paid $79 day 1 for this class, or did DUKE recently changed their pricing policy after the reviews...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very entry level information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very difficult to apply the knowledge without some support material with the content, e.g. PPT slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this course for a few reasons:1. There are no course notes accompanying the video lectures. Transcripts of the lectures in unformatted text files and a glossary are available for download. I really can’t figure why the instructor doesn’t provide an outline of what key concepts he wants us to learn from each lecture. Also, I’m surprised that Coursera doesn't require a basic set of learning tools for a paid class, such as lecture notes or an outline. This might be a good class for you if learn well from videos.2. The quizzes contain ambiguously written questions for no good reason.3. Two weeks in and there is little substance. For example, week 2 includes a few Skype videos of the professor interviewing former students from a Duke Master’s program. They seemed like very intelligent and nice people but the content of the videos offered little value (i.e., nothing new) to someone already working in corporate IT.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coursera does not want to give me a Certificate. I've got 95% for this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really did not like the portion that went into detail about business analytics and related career paths. Not a technical skill or neThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is no real need for this course. Everything sounds like bits and pieces from magazine articles.... I suspect the sole purpose of its inclusion in the specialization is to fund Coursera. $79 at a time....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really bad course. Badly taught, strange choice of assignments and quiz questions. Unfortunately, I did the free trial and Coursera didn't process my cancellation so that I had to pay for a whole month for this.Complete waste of time AND(!!!) money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor performance of Jupyter and the wildly underestimated time commitments really sunk this one for me. The latter, especially is inexcusable. The syllabus is lopsided and, while organized, not enough thought has been given to the exercise workload.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My experience with Teradata has been awful. Connection issues, latency, time outs. What should have taken 45 minutes took nearly two hours because of the load times for datasets. No clock or indication of progression for the queries.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course if poorly organized. The instructor is really trying to show us that the real life data sets and databases are messy, but providing only written instructions for me it proved useless. I, for one, need to see what other people are doing and not read long pages of horrible written explanations.I paid for the course just to be able to do the exercises, which I also think it's a minus.All in all it didn't "ENHANCE" my career prospects, mostly because nothing useful was taught here. Wouldn't recommend anyone to pay for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is too much doggy! Please do not use Coursera for advertising your friends´companies, or at least learn how to do it a little more professionally to look really relevant! This psychiatric lady also seems to be sexits. Looking at differences between pictures with a girl and pictures with a boy is really abominable and shows an intentional discrimination and racism. It is really shameful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Errors in the material made it difficult to get through. All past discussions on the forum are gone, making it difficult to review posts by classmates.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The technical support of this course is just terrible: just like many many other students (see the Discussion forums), I have experienced serious difficulties to access the databases platforms we need to learn and to complete our assignments. I can only echo the innumerable complains from my co-students about the lack of efficient support and technical reliability of this course; many of us are very unhappy about this, especially as they have paid for this course ... and what is Coursera doing about it, by the way?My advice: beware before enrolling in this course and even in this entire specialization, and search for alternative options (there are many, not only on Coursera but also on EdX and others ...)!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very interesting, but we have to face problems with Teradata, I have not been able even to log in, and a lot of students are in the same situation, and the problem persists, even in the duedate of the test.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Perfect guided course. The only handicap to me is the accent of the speaking English. I hardly understand what they are saying without subtitles.Thx for your all precious effort.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite boring, a lot of propaganda against drugs. Sometimes data is presented in misleading ways to make the harm from drugs look greater. Though if you are new to the topic, you may consider to take the course as it contains some useful information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Information strays between ridiculously shallow and unnecessarily deep (e.g. the stuff about GPCRs is so far removed from importance when discussing addiction). Most of the time the questions are poorly worded and thoughtless, and the whole thing reminds me of a bad high school class. Some parts border on misinformation, does seem almost as if it's been underwritten by the DEA. Paints a very distinct picture, a picture with an agenda and really incomplete portrayal of addiction. Points for trying though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unable to even start it... Click on videos of week 1 and nothing happensThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very boring and didn't learn anything i didn't already know. this was more like watching an anti drug propaganda film that I couldn't finish it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
yeah i would give zero if possible. very shallow and general, cannot learn much from it. if u want a course about neuroscience there's way better course than this. what the hell emory? what hte hell coursera? i feel less and less sincerity in coursera's mooc these days. edx is doing a much better job in my perspective.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If possible, I would give this course zero stars. It provides an incredibly closed minded view towards all topics and provides very minimal factual information. The makers of this course, and especially the instructor, obviously have had very little to no experience of any kind with most of the topics they discuss.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very interested in this topic however I found the instructor's presentation to be so monotonic and slow paced that I dropped out. I am sure he knows his material cold and I am sure that he is much better "live" in class. The readings were appropriate and the course out line solid. However this is not his media. And I have done the "talking to the camera" thing and it can be deadly for presenters. It is not BTW an "age thing"; I am older than he, I am sure, and do not ask that presentations be entertaining - just that they be engaging. (Perhaps if Coursera had lecturers present in front of small groups, as "Great Courses" does? It is unfortunate that (as I understand it) Coursera doesn't offer a "free look" with the option to transfer one's fee to another course if unhappy. Hope this is constructive for both the lecturer and Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a career dieter who is constantly reading about causes of obesity, I can't say I learned anything too earth-shattering. However, the research discussed does support what I have learned from listening to the podcasts from the Institute for the Psychology of Eating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Feels underwritten by the DEA, and aimed at perhaps high school students? Very slow pace; info could've been distilled into less than half the lectures (I completed the '7 weeks' in 3 days). Doesn't really distinguish between users without serious problems & addicts (which I believe amplifies gateway effects & experimentation once people meet users who aren't brain damaged or addicts). Creates an exaggerated and arbitrary distinction between prescribed drugs as all good and recreational as all bad, and dismisses any possible benefits of substances that are not legal, noting only that medical marijuana has been helpful for HIV patients, which is certainly an understatement. Components are also helpful for cancer patients, anxiety, and more. Perhaps break this into studies of common drugs, how they work, & effects and separately, the mechanisms of addiction and treatment. However, I appreciated the 'reduce harm' policy economics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really disappointing course. Content is shallow, despite the impressive credentials of the Professor. Quizzes are ridiculously easy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very informative, and too simple. Also, there is way too much repeatingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting to say the leastWhy cant i access my certificate. I paid and successfully passedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very informative but very dry presentations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There needs to be more help available, at least for paying students, to answer questions and clear misunderstanding. The quizzes are taking too much time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could've learnt this on youtube - really not very good. Dr. Egger's courses are rigorous and full of math. This is just a bunch of pretty pictures. Shouldn't be included in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's a lot of great information in this course and it's presented in a very good way. However, like the excel course in this specialization, most of the material isn't about using Tableau. 1 week is about running a project, 2 weeks are about using Tableau, and the final 2 weeks are about presentation. If you're interest isn't mainly in Tableau, I would recommend the course. However, if you're taking this course to learn Tableau, I would suggest not paying for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course may be misleading aspiring data analysts and scientists: it may give the false impression that, with the tools learned here, you will be able to analyze your data by yourself. In fact, you would be completely missing on large chapters of statistics and, as a result, you would often end up drawing wrong conclusions and believe you did a great job. For example, what is the point of giving you a single 10-minutes video on how to do regression in Tableau if you don't even know regression (which is AT LEAST a one-term course in graduate school, and only after several other prior basic stats courses)? BEWARE: get a much larger background in statistics before applying anything you learn here in real life. Some minimal stats knowledge should be recommended as a pre-requisite for this course, or else you end up doing like those monkeys using a statistical software without really understanding what they are doing and drawing conclusions with blissful ignorance. The problem is: some of your audience will know and will notice, more often than you might think and you will end up looking like an idiot.Sorry to be negative here, but I think I owe you, my co-student, at least a warning: do learn more stats elsewhere!! ... good luck.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Tableau is garbage and their assignment practice questions don't workThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is itself interesting but the lack of active mentors to provide guidance makes the course really difficult to learn. So many unanswered questions on the discussion board and many confused students. I am so glad I am not paying for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a gap between the instruction level and the difficulty of quizzes and final projects.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Online grader for labs is terribly buggy. Attempted submitting labs several occasions - all fail. Local builds work fine with apps working as expected and tests pass. The online builder gives very little feedback other than "BuidError". £40 wasted. Will not recommend and will never fall for it again. AVOID!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course is a bit outdated and I am finding it hard to stay motivated knowing there are other more recent courses. The topics I think are still relevant but the tools are not. I am looking for courses where there is hands on development that you follow with the instructor and I did not find this here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Outdated and unsupported !The code for the exercises was made for Eclipse ADT and Google dropped support for Eclipse a while ago. The official IDE for Android development is Android Studio now.I could import the project for Lab1 but I'm unable to compile the tests and the program with Android Studio, I get a ton of errors. My post in the forums about this is unanswered for 3 days now.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A basic course but not for the ones who don't know anything about java or android. Not made for the beginners. Also the submitting projects work is complicated and should be made more easier.Not recommended for the starter.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course lacking in providing sufficient coverage of the basics in the course videos and lacking a useful and directed reading list. I spent far too much time researching command syntax and using try and error to find what worked with the provided code.Disappointing as topics covered are good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very fast pace with no support. Be prepared to make countless online searches or to discuss solely with peers. Many drop out by the end of the course. Final Project is far too difficult for this course, because it did not prepare me at all. If you want to learn Android programming, I suggest you look elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was disappointed in the lack of explanation for the tools. Since everything depends on the IDE, and there was no instruction about the IDE, I found it difficult to do the labs. In the course of trying to, the IDE somehow managed to corrupt my hard drive. After that I pretty much lost interest in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Yet another good course that is ruined by a peer review requirement. Dr. Singer is a fascinating person to learn from and I am glad I took the time to pursue the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No passion is on his lecture. There is only dryness and ethical superior pride through his theory.. Altruism without love is an empty vanity and well-designed commercial intention for selling his theory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many lectures, specialized audience with huge competition, not accessible by novices of philosophy and only assessed through a single peer-reviewed assignment-essay.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
poor design on presentation assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mini-project grades system is awful. btw, you have to wait till three students review you project. One more point is that, the contents of videos are not that enough. You can just read the required textbook to get all knowledge and examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor in all aspects.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Shame on you University of Houston SystemI did the first three lessons, which are less than average, then went on to quiz 1, after completion, a window appeared to ask me for money to get my results! This information should have been provided when I enrolled! I find that very mis leading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are rather simple and easy to follow, but it's impossible to pass the quizzes with only a basic knowledge of mathematics/physics, only for experts. With the information provided in the video lectures you won't recieve a grade, there's a lot of extra work necessary with no other help given then some wiki that only a math genius would understand without any further help.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it is good thing to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Many of the problem sets ask you to apply theorems in ways that have not been demonstrated. If a student makes a mistake, no feedback is given other than, "That is not the right answer".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horrible, endless rambling, no solutions to the quiz questions (unlike cal 1 course). sucks all the fun out of math, avoid this course, find an alternative where you can learn more with less time spent watching him write out 20 numbers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wanted to like this course, but (and perhaps it's a mathematician thing) the teacher just kept doing stuff without explaining WHY he is doing the stuff. He is very animated and a good presenter but, even when I understood what he was saying, I couldn't get past the "why is he doing this?" It is never "self-evident" for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not know what was going on and I have to stop.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad video quality and errors in course material. Worst course on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't even begin to describe how much pain this course gave me.The code snippets and instructions in the exercise videos are incomplete/have errors and it's impossible to complete the exercises just using those (it's hours of extra work to get things working). Also, at some point you are given a new version of part of the files in the project, which won't match the rest of the files so there's remedial work to be done for that too. Some of these issues were flagged on the forum 5 months ago and still the course material wasn't updated. It all gets even worse as all assignments build upon the code written in these exercises.The assignment instructions are unclear. You are shown a demo of how the solution should look in the assignment videos, and then you are told you actually have to build something different than what you were shown. I also couldn't understand some of the grading criteria. You will get/lose marks on uploading a screenshot or naming variables/functions a certain way.I was really interested in this specialization so I kept going hoping it will get better but it only got worse. After 11 weeks of work I am ready to start something different. Wasn't expecting such low quality content on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was too messy. I spent 75% of my time to get the examples to work. It would have been better if after each module all the .js and .html files would be given in total, not just the snippets.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good introductory type course but when there are issues a student is having that no other peer can resolve, the instructors are almost NEVER available to assist.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course -- actually, both the 2nd and 3rd courses in this specialization -- are like "take your interested, but mostly uninformed friend to work day". Give them some stacks of paper to sort, then shown them what a correctly sorted stack looks like. You've only got one day at work with your friend, so be kind enough to humor them with a very cursory explanation of what sorting is about, but you can't really teach them much in such a short time. So, set them to task, sorting pile after pile. Hey look! Your friend is now a practiced sorter!These courses are really for folks who can spend much more time than advertised. Sure, you will see lots of really cool things -- like AngularJS, Grunt, Bower, etc. -- but don't come into this believing that you'll really learn them, because that is just not possible with the time allowed. This whole thing is about exposure, not deep understanding.Want to learn the guitar? This is like going to watch a (very slow) concert, and then having the guitarist hand you their instrument, put your fingers on the correct frets, and then strum the strings for you. See -- now you can play!Thinking of learning algebra? How about if I simply told you to "write the numeral 5, then the addition symbol, then the letter X, then the equals symbol, and finally the numeral 12", and then proceeded to tell you, step-by-step, what you should write on the page in order to solve for X. Would you have learned about solving equations? At most, you would have written a workable example for solving a certain kind of equation, but I doubt you'd be anywhere near proficient after being hand-held through one example.On the positive side, I was exposed to many different things in the web-development world -- that I cannot argue against. However, this course could be so much more. The model of having students watch a video of a person talking about coding, whether in front of a Power Point slide or a text editor full of code, is borrowing from the worst of the "lecture-first" classroom experience of (most of) higher ed. It's a bummer that we aren't moving in a different direction with this stuff after so long, but I guess it's still what people expect (or at least have learned to cope with).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not well designed and the professor hard to follow...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too hard to listen his EnglishThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I like the professor...but the activities and projects always had errors and issues that weren't easily fixable. And the mentors are absolutely terrible at providing guidance. So I most likely won't be able to finish this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Learning materials are poorly delivered. Codes given are bug-ridden this in turn makes it incredibly difficult to follow on. DisappointingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are steps that are missing at times which require you to scour for help. There are also quirks that aren't mentioned that other students have to point out. Unaddressed questions in the discussion board required escalation. Feels rushed and it's hard to learn for a beginner. Feels like you're just going through the motions and copy and pasting code.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are no advanced stuff these what is taught are basics any graduate or undergraduate student can easily pickup on his/ her own interest. What a waste of time .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely poor help and feedback.Almost no replies on discussion forums from mentors/peers so many issues end up unresolved. Considering how difficult this course is compared to other courses, the lack of real assistance is appalling.Seemingly outdated lessons.A lot of errors I get come from version discrepancies. Lessons should be checked over. If I have to Google problems to complete step-by-step lessons, the lesson is extremely ill-prepared.This is enough to make me abort this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad explanation too boring lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs an easier way to peer review. Downloading individual files to computer and plugging into your project without overwriting your own work is a nuisance. Especially during assignment 4 where everything needed to be hosted in the server in order to work; this made is extremely difficult to review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cannot believe charge me homeworkThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not good as usual one, the code you provided can not work, I had to debug againand the instructions for the assignments are not concrete as the last two coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
no basics being taught! straight away code snippets are pasted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Angular JS is a crucial component of all of the internet. Hardly a website exists without it and it's clear that Angular will go places. However, this course fails on a few crucial levels. As such, my review might look scathing and I'll detail why in a minute, but I want you to know that this course is quite possibly invaluable when it comes to web development. Besides, the fixes that would need to be made on the instructor's side are minor, but when working without those fixes, things get infuriatingly frustrating rather quickly.There are errors in the code supplied by the instructor that need to be pointed out by students, scripts sometimes don't work, explanations are sub-par when explaining things such as $scope. There are parts that are seemingly there to pad out the lessons such as Task Runners. Sometimes, doing things exactly the way shown in the video with additional fixes by both the professor and students, it still doesn't work. Some exercises are an hour long for something that won't be quizzed in the end.Understanding that this review was made about a new course that covers something rapidly changing and not persistent, I still did learn a lot of valuable things and I would recommend this course to everyone involved in web development. However, be prepared to question your own sanity, your skills, the software you use, software in general and just despair at times. All in all, it is a price worth paying for the amazing knowledge you gain.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Angular 1 not Angular 2 which is disappointing but worse still, it teaches use of scope which is no longer recommended by the angular team themselves.Could be vastly improved by using modern angular best practice such as "Controller As" syntax and teaching you to write code that is more "compatible" with Angular 2The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Update:Coursera or the course content provider has changed this course in a bad way: You have to PAY for the course IN FULL AMOUNT JUST to get your assignments submitted and reviewed by peer learner.What a pity.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Great course! Material is very useful and interesting!The course introduces concepts in a progressive and comprehensive way so that knowledge is easy to be understood. Practise quiz and assignments perfectly reflects course materials.Also, professor Muppala is quite funny. Enjoy the course!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Was very difficult to follow. This is a complex subject and the prof is trying his best, but there are times the explanation is not sufficient. Instructions for installing gulp was not good. I was unable to complete the following exercises after gulp installation failed. Instruction needs to be short and crisp. Building on top of each other project has its negative. There must be solution at the end or at least a check point where you can start clean for the next project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too long videos, you should make more short videos, instead of one boring long video. You speak too slow and that makes a 8 minutes video turns into 30 minutes video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The paste of the lectures is too slow. Much too slowThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting content, but sooo slow. 20 minutes long videos could have been done in 5 minutes. Moreover, the teacher's voice and tone did nothing to make the content live.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very boring and monotonous. It should be made more engaging. One needs to capture the concentration of students for a subject like Angular.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course covers the basic ground about approximation algorithms and would be very valuable for a practitioner, but seems designed for people who already know the materials and is more theoretical than applied.Lectures are very abstract --with a description of the problem and a formal description of the solution--, there are few examples with step-by-step tracing of algorithms --that is how the algorithm actually works to solve the problem--, and a significant amount of expertise is assumed --so much so, that you wouldn't need this course. For example, there are questions about "approximation ratio", but it is not explained. This seems like something that is inherent to approximation algorithms, but is only asked in the exams/project, and is not even mentioned in the lectures. Similar issues abound around the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course covers challenging technical topics and I appreciate that the effort that went into making it. That said I have serious concerns about the quality of execution for Part II of the course, which was much inferior to part I of the course.In general, the lectures themselves were up to the quality of part I and are well done. In many cases, the practice quizzes were less helpful. Including one sequence where each quiz extended the previous one but if you there was no way to learn from your errors, especially an error in the first quiz.For the peer graded assignments, there was one answer field for multiple questions, rather than one per question. Worse, the answers often required equations and LaTex math was not available. The only solution was to put the answers in a document on a cloud drive like Google Drive and paste a link in. Finally, for the peer review you could just mark questions correct or wrong with no way to provide private feedback on what was lacking in a response. Furthermore, doing the peer review was purely optional and the results were not actually scored. (Part 1 was similar, but it was possible to upload the document to Coursera directly and peer review was a required part of the course, resulting in a grade.) Either there are serious limitations with this iteration of the Coursera platform or the course authors did not understand how to properly implement this.Finally, in the session I took their was no active Teaching Assistance presence. There were no responses to student questions nor concerns that were raised about typos and possible errors in the quizzes and problem assignments. Either the course should not have been offered if no TA support was available or there should have been some notification in syllabus that this session would only have peer assistance with no support from the course staff.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
TOO MUCH Peer rating too little hard informationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dijkstra and A star algorithms courses are a bit shortThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is really way to easy. It could be done all in one day, definitely not worth 80$.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting things about graph algos, but I think the content should be more challengingEspecially the last two weeks, a quick quizz and a free assignment the automatically give full grade whatever the contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All this peer grading nonsense is garbage. If we are gonna pay 63$ a month of something we can at least get the proper grading system included.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Linking programming language to hardware sucks. Do not waste time on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If I am auditing this class why can't the quizzes be free also?What happened to free Coursera?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a bad introduction, but if you already know a bit about programming you can get the same basics and learn more quickly with a book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is almost about nothing. It seems to me that the teacher didn't make enough preparations and make a lot of mistakes during the couse. After 8 weeks of Arduino-related courses I've got almost nothing new besides first 2 chapters of Arduino Starter Kit book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too simple and lack of practice exercises!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No forum, what are you thinking!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is too short and have little real time example .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course barely touches C programming. While explanatory about the Arduino functions and structure, It should have been spread into more weeks so that it could cover more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One week of this course was only marginally relevant to the subject. The instructor even said as much.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't need the teacher to read Aristotle for me. Reading is not Teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I took all 5 previous courses in this series and they were all great.But suddenly Coursera has changed its policy, and one can not take courses for free anymore.If you just want to learn and gain knowledge without chasing the certificate, than the course is useless, because you can't receive feedback for your work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The contents of the course are interesting however it is a shame that you can only access the quiz portion and assesments if you pay for the certificate. Same with the materials, it would be great if the readings and the suggested bibliography details could be downloaded.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have not been satisfied with the theoretical contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought this course would teach art appreciation,but seems geared towards Teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teachers there do not do what they teach: they rattle down their text as fast as they can speak and do not emphasize the content with movement or even change of expression. I was disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lacking in content. The OOP portion of the final project was poorly constructed. The instructions were unclear and the exercise seemed futile. We took a data set and further complicated it by abstracting into various object classes. I think a better example could be used. Since there are already plenty of ways to do the things our objects were tasked with it seemed like a futile exercise. I think a different type of real world object should be used, perhaps one that is not easily stored in a data frame.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This courses touches many interesing aspects about R programming but I did not like the structure , it does not seem to me that it adequates its difficulty coming from "The R programming enviornment".Also I miss some swirl lessons for many of the readings from the book. There are not too many help from the mentors and the peer assigment in week 4 took me too much time and had to consult a lot of external resources. Readings in general are OK but too simple.I have learnt many things butThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first three weeks assigments were way too easy and the answers could be found in the material.The last assignment was very poorly described and the material was very limited in explaining OOP. That meant it took a lot of time figuring out what exactly was needed to complete the assignment and how to do it.Disappointing after a great first course. Hoping the next will be better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Waste of time and I did not learn anything from this course.It is basically 6 weeks of the "facilitator" asking questions without offering much in the form of answers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Such lame quizes, I cannot pass them although I know this material in my sleep,because the english is so bad and has so many ambiguities; There are no single answers to a question, instead you need the check the correct answers, which are phrased in s misleading way, and one little mistake fails the whole question. So I try and try and try and never get all the correct checks for the specific questions. So I just fail and retry and fail and retry. This is so frustrating I consider I will unroll this course. Same because I know all this material !!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not quite the excel actually relevant to industrial requirements. had to leave the course mid way.There are better Excel DA courses out there. Concept presentation was good though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was a bit disappointing. We didn't cover enough advanced Excel functionalities, opting instead to focus on 2 statistical models (Binary Classification and Linear Regression). Having a BSc in Economics, the Linear Regression tutorials and quizzes seemed infantile, while the Binary Classification tutorials proved to be too vague, when we actually had to apply this knowledge on the final project. In retrospect, I regret not starting to work on the final week's material right from the start, which resulted in having to switch session multiple times in order to finish the course. Even if I had done so, though, it wouldn't have made up for the vague instructions in the quizzes and assignment of the final week that made feel at a loss, until I asked for help in the forums. All in all, this course need some serious re-working, in terms of how the material is presented and how the assignments are phrased.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I´m quite disappointed in this course. First you should know that the first week doesn´t reflect at all the rest of the course in difficulty and in matter. As I was delighted by the first week presentation and way of explaining as soon I started the second week I was wondering what happen to the clear, concise examples and ideas presented in the first one. First The presentation of the following weeks is done by handwriting on software that give a very very poor graphic view. It´s BARELY READABLE ! It allows really smalls amounts of infos to be displayed. That could be redeemed by good explanations you may say but sadly it´s not the case most of the time. The examples are rarely connected to something real, numbers come up from ... nowhere. The level of difficulty could be challenging if you don´t have a bachelor of sciences like Math or Physics or Bio. It´s NOT A BEGINNER COURSE.To give more context I have done and succeed more 16 courses , 2 specializations, followed/audited about 3 others courses and that is the first time I´m giving a bad review. I´m sure the teachers put a lot of effort in doing the course , there is a lot subjects presented but I definitely suggest a change in the presentation to start then connect and fully explain examples. With some changes that course will fly high :)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Final project almost impossible to do with material taught. Also, each lecture comes with an additional spreadsheet that needs to be studied. Material taught doesn't match material tested.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very helpful for those with a solid statistical background. I prefer to use R to do the modeling things, while this course should talk more about pivot tables and existing useful financial functions which advantage over other statistical tools.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough detail and information provided in the lectures to undertake the final assessment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Irrationally difficult and inexplicably sloppy. Having taken first "Business Metrics for Data Driven Companies" I had high hopes that it would be on the same level.Well, I was wrong. It was extremely messy, jumping around from definition to definition with little to no explanation and there was a general lack of motivation from professor Egger's part.Apart from week 1 that had some necessary basic knowledge of Excel, all of the next weeks' lessons were fast paced beyond a beginner's comprehension. By week 5 I had lost the motivation to go on and was only able to finish it through a great deal of trial and error on the quizzesI would not recommend it, unless you have some basic knowledge of the economic theories used in this lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
An absolutely dreadful course. The only things you'll end up studying are how to use the spreadsheets given and what the instructor was thinking when creating them... I can't figure out what, and there doesn't seem to be any way of finding out. The lectures were mostly stuff I learned at school and really quite easy, but I just have no idea what the final project has got to do with the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All theory. Quizzes you were left with the task of answering questions based on models never seen or explained spent most time trying to make sense of them. Final project is almost a joke to try and decipher how to create from scratch based on the ones they provided in the quizzes. Its not a joke but it is very difficult when the actual excel and model making isnt part of the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
if you do not have a background in statistics do not expect to pass this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course did not meet any of the expectations. Neither Excel nor the analysis part. Should have focused on one of the aspects to make it more stronger. In my opinion "deviated" & stressed too much on statistics and model building (regression, logistic regression etc.) but did not do justice to that also!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm here learning Excel skills, but this course, especially week 2, does not teach Excel skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is best to have a strong statistical background before taking this course. Lots of statistical calculations and procedures. If you don't have a strong background in statistics , there is a good chance you will get lost at some point in the course. There is no questions that the instructor of this course is an accomplished mathematician, I just found it hard to follow his lectures as he got deeper into various statistical aspects of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is more of an introduction to statistics lesson than one in excel... not what I had signed up forThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not done with the course yet, but I have to say it started out very well and organized. I was actually learning how to use excel in the first week WHILE the instructor was teaching. The later weeks, however, seem to be completely different. They're disorganized and I'm struggling to see how the material correlates. It's as if I'm being bombarded with random topics, in addition to the fact that the instructor literally stops using excel to teach. After week 1, lessons are just random notes on a blackboard with a link at the end to the excel sheet in which the instructor has already prepared before with A LOT of info that you need familiarize yourself with solo. I had high hopes when I was done with the first week, but now I have to say I'm bored and demotivated!! (so far)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has nothing to do with Excel. It should be called "Statistic and binary modelling with little use in excel". If you except to learn about functions, pivot tabels, macros and the many other exciting features of excel, this is NOT the course for you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dislike this course because I have to complete so many assignment in one week. Instructions could have improved and slides could have improved rather than using chalkboard. Sorry there are a number of times I have to rewatch the videos and still dont understand. Hence I even have to place myself in another slot because I could not finish the assignment. Please improve on this module so that it is more enjoyable for learners who really want to learn. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little to do with Excel, mostly focused on statistics with brief overviews of how things could be done within Excel, but very little focus on actual Excel use and knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is only supported by a course of data analytics. It should clearly state that advanced statistics is a prerequisite knowledge. I expected to learn advanced excel techniques, not to be required to know statistic models to apply.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did learn a few helpful tips for analyzing data with excel - particularly how to do a regression analysis in excel which is something I didn't know and is not intuitive. But for a course that is supposed to teach you how to analyze data in excel, there are actually very few lectures that actually show you how to do anything in excel. So much time is spent on how to calculate stuff by hand, without even mentioning how it translates to excel. Also the lectures have a lot of errors that were not corrected in a professional way. Just a random slide put in as an afterthought. The lectures got a bit disorganized towards the end, like the professor was in a rush and then forgot to relate everything to actual business analysis. The final project was especially difficult as not much was explained - I had to read the forums to figure out what I was actually supposed to do.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was tough, but I dont mind a challenge. But what I found frustrating about this course was that first the quizzes were often inconsistent with the lecture material, the TA's were less helpful than my fellow classmates (without whom I would not have made it through the course) and the final was an IMMENSE challenge that took over my life for about 1 week - despite the calculation by the instructors that it would take 6-8 hours. I did give it a few stars because I honestly did learn things I did not know, and I understand the value of the application of what was taught for modern businesses. I have been informed that the course is being reviewed by the instructors for strengthening and I 100% agree with that direction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Beware this course, especially if you are new to this area (despite what the course/specialization says). There are very few examples to clarify and illustrate the different topics of the course, but what's worse is that the assignments are almost completely divorced from the instructional videos; the assignments and especially the final project are much more complicated than anything presented in the instructional videos, so there is no knowledge basis from which the student can operate to complete the assignments/projects satisfactorily or smoothly.I am extremely dissatisfied and wish I hadn't paid for this specialization. Beware.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Title misleading. Never ever a beginners course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The concepts here are useful and Mr. Egger is a knowledgeable instructor but 1) this class is really about gathering information with Excel as the tool - you aren't learning anything about Excel functionality, so the title of this course is really misleading if you just want to become a stronger user in Excel 2) there is a huge disconnect between the video lessons and the excel worksheets used to complete the assignments and since many previous reviewers mentioned this, it seems like that's not going to change. 3) the disconnect between the lessons and the assignments wouldn't be an issue if the instructor could be bothered to respond to forum questions. Mine sat unanswered for 5 days as the deadline passed. You are NOT going to get support if you dont understand something.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really unhappy with how difficult and over complicated it is. I came here to learn about Excel. Pivot tables? functions? The course really loses focus and its unfortunate that I am now stuck here and cannot continue the entire specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The title is misleading .This course has a little to do with excel , you could get some mathematical information but I do not think you will master anythingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
PROS:- Classification lecture is good;-Weekly assignments are challenging enoughCONS- No slides provided. Professor draws on an eletronic chalkboard (with a very bad handwriting) and you need to keep going back to videos when you are doing the homework. For me, this shows lack of professionalism and laziness- Some excel sheets are provided. But they are very messy and badly formatted, matching the messy handwriting in the videos. AND, the instructions are for MAC! No instructions for PC are provided whatsoever. I never used MAC, so I had a very hard time!- Very few examples real examples are provided;- You learn math concepts, not Excel skills! Except for the LINEST function, which is very handy, BUT it's NOT TAUGHT in the videos. I had to google the function to learn it.- They say to complete each piece of the final assingment after you finish the respective week related to that piece. But they only say that as you start week 6!- The course doesn't provide sufficient material for the final assignment. You get stuck without knowing how to get to answers;- Some answers to the final assignment are not correct, you check the answer sheet, and the results aren't present in the test!OVERALL:I'd never recommend this course to anyone. I only took it because I'm plannening to finish the specialization.I've taken several Online Courses (5+ on Excel), and this is the worst and most frustating one by far!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor lecture, I barely learn anything about excel from this course. The course title is quite mis-leadingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
When the instructor for the course expresses amazement at the level of difficulty people are expressing in the forums that tells you a lot about how out of touch he is with what he is teaching and what is really required prerequisite knowledge.There is minimal actual instruction in excel-most often concepts are taught much like Khan Academy, on a digital blackboard. Nothing inherently wrong with that but when your course title has the word 'EXCEL' in it one would reasonably expect the instructor to actually demonstrate using excel. Nope, not here.If you've never heard of linear regression or Bayes Theorem don't bother with this course. Honestly. While those things may be easy to explain without the math they are very difficult concepts to implement and a simple 10 minute video won't clear the fog.You absolutely will not 'master' data analysis with this course. I've used Excel for over 15 years, daily, and to have the gall to say your course will 'master' something with a few videos is misleading and deceptive.If it wasn't for the TA/Mentors who do the lions share of work in the forums answering questions and deciphering the questions so students can understand them this course would be an abysmal failure.If you're wanting to jump on the data analysis/ scientist bandwagon look elsewhere. i.e. EdX has a great course on a true introduction to data analysis that is more in line with people's impression of actually using excel in that context.Now, having bashed the course I do believe the instructor to be a very competent and knowledgeable individual, but I feel he's been in academia too long and has grown accustomed to teaching those who've been in school continuously and still have algebra/ stats fresh in their minds vs. those who need to brush away the cobwebs. The course in more on the level of a 201 and in certain parts 401 level but not 101.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Misleading course name/title. Was expecting a course on using Excel. Forums were cluttered and not monitored often.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very easy and unusefull course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Constants errors in explanations, made you work very hard to complete it. We typically work hard, the organization of this course my you to suffer. You will go to learn a lot like I do. (Final Grade 91.4%). Learn in this course can be frustrating, they will push to the water, you will need to dedicate a lot of time discuss course material with fellow learners, mentors, and instructors to learn how to swim to save your life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really wanted to take this class. Unfortunately, I believe it is more about advanced statistics then excel. It was advertised as a beginners class and that is not the case. I recommend having a significant knowledge of statistics before taking this course. I'm a 15 year senior level accounting executive and I was easily spending 10 to 15 hours a week plus watching the videos 3 or 4 times each in order to understand the content. It was very difficult to understand. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too difficult. The lessons go too fast.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found Week 2: Binary Classification really confusing. It was just not clear. Specifics were not given. Definitions were not given. Poorly instructed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly coordinated lectures. References to resources that are not provided. No response (at least, for days on end) when questions are posted on the forumsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is an advanced Statistics class. Learning was chaotic, confusing, and fast paced. Strong Mathematics skills required. As icing on the cake, there is an 8 hour project at the end of the course .. and they only tell you at the end that you should have been working on this all along! Not at all what I wanted to learn or find productive in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No relevance to specialisation. Do not expect to get through this if you have not taken multiple statistics courses at university level or higher maths. Barely any practical application, does not prepare you for final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Concepts are fantastic but the material developed to deliver the course is short of expectations, especially from a university. Excel sheets do not match what is demonstrated in video lectures, lots of confusion around how to complete tasks, quiz answer options not being correct, and missing Excel spreadsheets (e.g. video lecture says to refer to accompanying excel spreadsheet, but no spreadsheet available). Also, judging from past discussions by students, some inconsistencies around formulas being presented in video lectures versus assignment questions. could have been a great course, but the inconsistencies have made is very disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting statistical concepts, and great theory. However, the lectures and the quizzes do not prepare the student well for the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really confusing and struggled a lot. The course doesn't prepare you for the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course doesn't prepare you for the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The title is very misleading. Excel is an afterthought for this course; instead there is a heavy focus on statistics. The class claims to be for beginners, but that is clearly not the case, as it requires previous knowledge in inferential statistics and calculus.Excel is hardly used and is certainly not the focus; there are weeks where Excel is not used at all. There are no practice assignments, only quizzes.It's clear that this course is outdated and poorly maintained, as the videos refer to examples that are not included or content that was not presented.Needless to say, I will not be taking any other courses in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found much of this material wasn't as applicable to excel analysis as hoped and didn't cover many of the analysis toolsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course structure is not thoughtfully prepared. There is a lot of confusion around what the instructor wants to say. The practice quizzes and course content have no match whatsoeverThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class required far too much independent study. The instructor did not provide enough instruction or reading material to complete the quiz each week. There was too much focus on the conceptual data with very little emphasis on practical application of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am sorry to say this, but the tutorial could have been organzied in a much more serious way.I do not know how much time the Professors have put on preparation. But it gives me a "sloppy" impression!!! The class carries the name of University of Duke and 70 euros are charged, so I think the learners would reasonably expect to see that the teacher puts lots of time to organize the course structure, in order to efficiently give as much as information to the learners within limited time!For example, I believe nobody would not say that the Week 2 content on confusion matrix is very consistently explained. And this is just one example.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is not well organized, videos are disconnected from one another, explanations are not clear, spreadsheets contain vast information that is not explained anywhere. It is been quite difficult to follow through the course and I bet many students are giving up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 1 a little disapointingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is doable if you have prior knowledge of probability and statistics. This is not for beginners and should therefore by reclassified as intermediate and above. I am sorry I enrolled in this course. I have truly hit a brick wall and can go no further...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course contains too few solid content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is definitely not a course for beginners .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Does not teach Excel very well while tryng to apply the basic usage instruction to not too difficult problems. The ability to interface with Excel after some knowledge of Python/R or other programming languages would be helpful in the Data Science programming that is increasingly being promoted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the first week touched on Excel and the equations can be used in Excel and have efficacy in regards to analyzing data, it feels as if the course emphasizes more on utilizing math than utilizing Excel. And according to my understanding, that was what I thought I was signing up for. So, it felt like a bait-and-switch to me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To course got tougher every week while the lecture video is not cover everything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course is definitely NOT for beginners. you MUST have intermediate to advanced knowledge of statistics and math. I had to resort to google and khan academy extensively just to grasp the concepts in this course. This course also does not teach you everything about excel, let alone master it. you just refer to pre made excel sheets for quizzes. thats it. Good luck figuring those out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In light of R or Python, doing statistical computing in excel is really time consuming and backward. The instruction might be OK, but I lost interest beginning of week 2 seeing how he build binary decision model in excel.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Don't be fooled by how detailed and clear the first weeks videos are. The second thru the final weeks are lacking details and explanations and found myself lost during most of the videos. There were even a few typos and errors. Be ready to do a lot independent research and learning from other sources in order to complete the weekly quiz. I was unable to complete the final project of this course due to the lack of knowledge provided by the lecture videos and some of own research. I was hoping to complete the specialization for this, but it doesn't seem like this course provided me with enough to proceed.** The use of excel on the weekly basis was poorly integrated with the flow of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course too advanced for my level of familiarity with statistics. Its true that most basic stuff is covered to be fair, but the progression is very rapid.As I work long hours and other commitments I didn't have enough time to dedicate to study beyond the time needed just for this course. If I had been able to study an extra 10 hours a week practicing using the formulas then I'm sure I would have got more out of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the course was good.However, I did not like the presentation of the material, moreover such a topic would need to be covered by a longer duration course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected far more handy real life Excel examples, not to see a teacher speaking and writing stat formulas for hours.The idea of this course is very good, it has some room for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Complex concepts (e.g., regression), which cannot be taught in such a short course format (I know from extensive prior training), are taught here in an arcane way. I don't know how students without prior knowledge on these topics (e.g., regression, ROC curve analysis) could possibly understand this when taught this way.Course is also in an 'early draft' mode, with plenty of mistakes in the videos/slides. The course (and specialization) really tarnishes - instead of enhancing - this institution's outside image and reputation.Really a deception; sorry I took this class and specialization, a complete waste of my time and money. The initial presentation was misleading (and I have found online many people sharing the same feeling).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Given this is the third (or fourth) iteration of this course, it's telling that the errors from the original release remain in the videos and quizzes. There are other, higher-quality Data Science MOOCs available.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too advanced, not enough ExcelThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Probably the worst class I have ever taken on Coursera. The teacher asked us to do tons of things without explaining how and used tons of complicated math formulas without explaining what they were, what they did, or when and how to use them. There were also actual incorrect answers in the videos on occasion, so that even if you did do things correctly, you would think you were wrong and be confused, and there were a lot of inconsistencies between the spreadsheets used in the videos and the methods used to solve things compared to the actual spreadsheets given to us, which makes things pretty impossible to learn. If you're more advanced, it may be easier to find and understand the differences between the video and the spreadsheets, but the whole point of this class is that it is for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel that the course does cover adequate topic to improve our mastery of data analysis in Excel. The course is more focus on the statistic and probability theory without giving adequate explanation on how to work on Excel.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not for beginners as promised. You need strong statistical skills to understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course requires good knowledge of statistics as a pre-requisite.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, the material and lectures of this course fell short of my expectations. Lectures don't follow a logical path and are all over the place, and some concepts are not expanded as required. Overall, I believe they need to improve how the content is presented, and how it's applied in a real world context.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecture videos are not super helpful and the instruction and support for final project is somewhat lacking. You need a relatively solid background coming into doing the project beforehand. Just study the course material is not enough for you to complete your final project, in fact you need peer help or to read more materials to fully understand and finish the project. The quizzes compared to what is asked in the project is too simple and thus not constructive enough in the overall learning. Overall I would recommend you to have a solid background before proceed with this course if you want to improve your learning experiences.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Being honest, the lessons in the course are disconnected with the weekly tests, specially for the final exam. Professor Daniel Egger and his assistan MUST improve the lessons, including examples step by step specially for the multiple linear regression suThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very confusing stuff, need better clarification in course description and the way the material is transmitted to the student need to be reconsideredBut very well made and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In the course info this is described as the first course in the series and that it requires no prior knowledge but the first week quiz contains questions referring to an equation 'discussed in the previous course'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is mostly theory based and certainly not what i am expected!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Was very frustrated with this course. Does not have a strong emphasis on Excel skills and the statistics models provided seem to be randomly chosen and poorly explained. Quizzes were interesting, but time-consuming because of the necessary extra research outside of provided lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would have liked the class to be less theoretical, with more frequent explanations linking concepts to practical applications in daily / business life, in order to keep interest and motivation high and facilitate understanding and memorisation. It sure would help to enter this course with a certain background of probability. Those memories were too ancient in my case :-(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content not discussed in proper detail. Instructor skims over the concepts. Its difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is really interesting and useful. However, the way in which the lessons are organised I'd say is confusing. The professor explain you complex concepts like entropy or binary classification to continue with an excel worksheet. It's here where the issue relays, the excel files are filled and instead of learning by doing you have to figure out how the prof made the file. In consequence, the solution is always available.In my opinion, it'd be better if a raw data set is given and you build the model step by step from the scratch.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos fine. Quizes impossible to understand unless you take previous courses and have time to go through forums and more extra staff. It takes a lot of time. Not suggested unless you have it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this course. It was very poorly planned and seemed thrown together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much work needs to be done on this course to make it friendly to learners. The quizzes and assignments do not align with what is taught in the lessons. Further, the content in the lessons does not even show or explain what is expected from the learning.I spent the majority of my time exploring the discussions to discover what I was supposed to be doing and the rest of it on Google teaching myself the concepts that were not taught in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course neither explains statistics properly, nor teaches how to use excel effectively, disappointedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If I could give it less than 1 star, I would. It wasn't an Excel class, rather it was a targeted business statistics class with only disjointed lectures and no benefit of textbook to actually help you learn. Lots of errors in the lectures and tests, and little to no support from course staff. Stay away! You won't regret it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
im in week 4 , cant master data analysis in ExcelThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very confusing lectures, he says you don´t have to have a basic level of excel to do the course but I didn´t find that true. Struggled through all of the lecture videos and the quizzes seemed to come out of left field.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor material and instruction videos, with no logical flow or process.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is sort of interesting but there is not much hand-holding. I actually am an Excel beginner, and have merely an average grasp of mathematics. Before signing up, I read the prerequisites - there were none! It is advertised as a class for beginners, but I have found it beyond frustrating, and whats more I pre-paid for the specialization so this Excel class and the final project seem to be an utter waste of money without me going off to study Excel at length before trying the course again. Why not label it as an intermediate or higher class? I feel there should be a more obvious indication of the difficulty.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
absolutely one of the worst courses... I am deleting it from my list.no slides make it harder to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much material, that moved too fast. Wasn't opportunity for enough feedback and explanation. I say this as someone who went to Duke and has taken similar classes at Duke!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Warning: The lecture videos along will NOT be enough to prepare you for the final assignment! Be prepared to do your own research for the extra study materials. On the forum, many students said they had to drop out during the last week (probably without getting a refund!) because they were completely caught off guard by the huge knowledge gap between lectures and the final assignment. If you are determined to get the specialization certificate, you should definitely start the final assignment as early as possible. Don't wait until the last week or two!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It has a lot of problems, including: Not so many lectures about excel itself - most of the time you will be watching videos about statistic methods. The lectures are very superficial, even though the quizzes and projects demand a lot of knowledge and time. The course seems to have a staff of one man: the professor of the course rarely replies (even though he did at the beginning of the session) and all the work seems to be done by his assistant, who tries his best, but ends up not coping with all the questions asked at the discussion forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great idea. Unfortunately, the course is young and there were too many bugs to get past Week 2. Hopefully these will be finished my next sessionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too many abstract concepts that are not relevant to the challenges that I encounter in my day-to-day role. I wish this course would actually show me how to solve PRACTICAL business problems.The 2nd part of the course is not enjoyable at all. Sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Don't know how to apply the statistics and excel formula in real world situation. Besides, it becomes focus on approving statistics equation than teaching data analysis in excelThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So many equations presented without explaining why these things work or how they are derived. I'm having a hard time seeing the relevance. Also, I learned a lot of these statistics in college and the explanations provided in these lessons actually confused me about things I already know. Very disappointed in this course. Especially since part 1 of the specialization was so good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Where is the course study material and are you providing a book on this subject and Excel? You have me lost.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course name is very misleading. While overall it is not a bad course, I believe a lot of people come here expecting very different material. Let's just put it this way: Mastering Data Analysis (mostly things to do with probability) with occasional use of Excel. Do not expect to learn anything new in excel.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The transition is from easy to advanced. It gets really confusing, not sure if it's just me. I am not following the lessons anymore so I left the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material could be exciting but the presentation is dull. The pass mark on the quizzes is around 80%. As these courses are supposed to be for interest why do you need 80% to pass?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pronunciation of the lector was more than awful! His English is quite unsuitable for video lectures! It was just a torture listening to him!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content might be great but the teachers don't seem to enjoy presenting the course at all. They are basically reading from a script. Very monotonous atmosphere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
interesting content but not well presented. faculty read the script and struggled with pronunciation, fluency and generally engaging presentation. Combination of basic content on the one hand and highly specialised information / terminology without explanation on the other was not helpful to learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Personal difficulty in understanding accents, my own lack of ability.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found it very hard to understand the lecturers and what they were saying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teachers doesn't seem to enjoy beeing there.......... The all seem like ''The faster we do this, the sooner it will be finished....''The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The articles that were limited were actually somewhat helpful. The google hangouts seemed lackluster and draining. I would recommend more substance in the videos, or MoMA might switch to an article/book MOOC that doesn't rely as much as people talking about their opinion without a ton of evidence or support. Wouldn't recommend participating in this MOOCThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's seemingly a great course for K-12 teachers but lacks relevance for higher education.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some of the content are repetitive. The first interview sounds "staged". Some Korean reference ("noon sei" or something like that ) are non-value adding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very basic course that introduces you to the topic, but doesn't go into much depth. While it's clear that a lot of time was spent filming and creating the course material, I still would not recommend this course. Both the presentation itself and the in-video quizzes are unbelievably obnoxious. The presenter emphasizes every other word and talks in a very unnatural manner that makes it very tiring to listen to, and the in-video quizzes are far too basic and take up too much time. Sometimes you also have to go to an external site in order to do the activities, which are badly designed and just frustrating. Overall, I recommend waiting for a better course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class isn't over but I'm suffering through it, not enjoying it, like I did the dino Uof A classes. Problems: the presenter is HORRIBLE. He's sing-songy, trying to be interesting. Can't you get the dino guy? Or me -I'll do it for free. PAINFUL. Also - you need more graphics. Charging along with Mr. Boring and a map of Alaska behind him as concept after concept - difficult ones for folks who aren't like me with lots of background - is a perfect recipe for lack of comprehension. Even inept and cheesy graphics would be better than nothing. Yes, I noticed that the earth is spinning the wrong way in the "sun at an angle around the sun" graphic but who cares? It's something. And yes, I know it's free, and I know you have budgets, but 3 universities can't rustle up a graphics undergrad to help out and call it an internship?? The content is probably better than my perception - and I'm perceiving high! - because I need an aspirin after 20 minutes of Mr. Please Get A Professional Presenter [or at least competent.] I create online education that is nothing better than Powerpoint and a talking head, lack of budget, but at least the head doesn't make people want to drown themselves in a melting glacier.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting subject, the presenter is hard to listen to though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is good but it could be improved. For example, I don't think the images on the background (even if they are stunning) are particularly important and I think they could be substituted by plots and schemes referring to the topics (all the presented schemes where helpful, but there would have been more things that would have been good to see visually).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too much videos and too little hands-on learning. Felt like the course mostly taught you to remember stuff, and not actually learning a skill, though I broke the course early.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've only gotten started, but there seems some assumptions made about how much we know and how quickly we can pick up these new terms and ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very helpful. In the homework I spent more time wrestling with commands in R than actually gaining an understanding of the subject matter.Also, I really didn't need so many subject matter examples about the professor's baby's pooping habits. (And my family is Dutch with all the offensive humor that comes with it, so it's not just a matter of the sense of humor not translating)I'm re-taking Statistics with Calculus online at my local state university and frankly, I can't notice any benefit from taking this course first. My current online Statistics with Calculus course is rewarding and I feel like I'm truly gaining mastery of the topics, whereas in the Basic Statistics course I was floundering.The graphics in the way the lessons are presented are well done! But I would have been just fine with fewer graphics if it meant more worked-through examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturer does not clearly explain the topics very well especially on the topics in Probability and Distribution. His presentation in English is honestly quite hard to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
R labs are too tedious for people with medical or science background! we need explanations rather than trying to figure it out on our own!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course was a waste of my time; luckily I found out after wasting only 6 hours on the preview. this course apparently requires a level of probability knowledge I don'tThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Uses R with no explanation. Why does it use a challenging programming language that is not the point. The point is to learn statistics.Use Statcrunch - so students can focus on statistics not programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is as much about computer programming as it is about statistics. The statistics I can do with pen and paper; the programming, I found very, very unhelpful and confusing. Eventually, I gave up on the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Puerile, made up examples with made up data, no deeper treatment of the mathematics involved than the here-is-a-magic-formula-use-it approach and mistakes (including serious conceptual and factual errors) evident in the quizzes and the R labs. Far better to look out for the "Data Analysis and Statistical Inference" course by Duke on Coursera that is presented by a passionate statistics teacher, covers the same material (and more) and provides a far better introduction to R than this course.One of the stated purposes of this specialization is to clean up the way social scientists conduct science and are perceived as scientists; in this respect, it appears that the worst enemies of social scientists are social scientists.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I love the main lecture of the statistics. The Subject is fun. After couple lecture, my mind was very clear.But most of the time I'm working on the statistics software name R. I think it would be better if require R knowledge. If not, student like me will need more than weeks to get use to R. I don't mean learn another software is bad idea. I will always like to learn something new. That's why I go MOOC. What I mean is R and Basic Statistics should be separated. First R, than Basic Statistic. Or first Basic Statistic than R.I really enjoy the class. but the extra is a bit heavy for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good lectures, but the R-lab is horrible. Do not take this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
---------- way too much time is devoted to introducing definitions and way too little time is given for student practicing and review . the presenter's accent is constantly impeding instant recognition of what he's saying. the subtitles sometimes don't accurately represent what he's saying. sometimes there are misspellings - which makes it even harder to know what he's saying. this student was inundated with formulas that needed to be practiced - and i didn't even have time to write them down !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is bad!I had come upto week 4. While Chris Impey is knowledgeable and good, the course structure is very poor and leaves a lot to be desired. I would venture to make some suggestions:a. Restrict each video to a max of 7 minutes. More than that makes one sleepy.b. Reduce the number of videos in each module to a max of say 6.c. Instead of having Chris expound it like an audio reading, please include some slides, pictures,tables so that the matter to be learnt becomes self evident and Chris doesn't have to speak so much. A good example is the Coursera "The Global Financial Crisis", which I am also doing currently.d. If you feel all the material in this course has to be studied, then to achieve the objectives in (a) and (b) above, divide this course into two parts, Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space - part I & II.e. The written assignments are very simple and do not require any mental resources other than memory. Can you make the questions more challenging? For example, in Telescopes (Assignment 2), can you not ask a question like "In addition to Atacama, Chile, using Google earth, which other parts of the globe may be suitable for installation of ground based telescopes?" or "To obviate the blurring effect of the atmosphere, discuss the possibility of high altitude balloon based telescopes?" or "What do you feel about the fact that since today's mobile phones have high computing ability, their components can be used to make a low-cost space based interferometric telescopes?"Kudos to Chris and his team! On the whole, knowledge wise, this is a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't have my certirficate and already I pay for it!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly, I find it very hard to recommend this course to anyone. First of all, let's note that the course covers quite more advanced topics than the previous 3 courses in the specialization, so some extra difficulty is to be expected. However, the main problem I encountered was with the video lectures themselves, particularly during the 3rd and 4th week of the course. The instructor does a very rushed job at explaining everything, constantly giving us tons of information and jargon that is not previously mentioned, and even the examples fail to give us insight at what we need to do and why.Other than the lectures, no external material is given to help us decipher what the professors are saying, other than a few Wikipedia links. I'm not saying that each course should be accompanied by an e-book, but honestly, if I wanted to learn about Bayesian Statistics from Wikipedia I could have well skipped this class.The main reason I'm giving 2 stars to the course instead of 1 is the Labs and the Quizzes. Even though they could use some polishing too, especially the final Lab, they are indeed very helpful and do a much better job at clarifying the concepts presented.All in all, I feel that if you want to learn about Bayesian Statistics you should look for another course, and/or save your money and get yourselves a good textbook.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course makes a valiant effort to provide as much coverage of Bayesian statistical methods as the prior three courses in the "Statistics in R" specialization do for Frequentist statistical methods, but the lack of supporting material (e.g. reading/text exercises directly paired with each lesson) really hampers this. The videos are quite informative, but if you don't catch on to the material based strictly on the videos, the weekly quizzes can be a bit frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first three courses in this Duke series were superbly well done. I have taken numerous courses from Harvard and Johns Hopkins, and none of them compare in quality of execution of the first three Duke courses in this series.And then there was Bayesian Statistics: much of the "instruction" in this course was truly awful. The quality of the slides and video and so on was still excellent, but the "teaching" was horrible. Vast amounts of totally unexplained jargon and very extensive equations were thrown at the students with the apparent assumption that the course was a review for postdoctoral statistics students. When material is beyond the scope of what perspective students can reasonably be expected to understand, faculty members should be honest enough to just say so rather than pretending to teach the subject matter.I appreciate very much what the Duke faculty achieved in the first three courses, but the treatment of Bayesian statistics that I have just suffered through was shameful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is easily the worst course in the Statistics with R specialization. Contrary to the earlier courses, which were very competently taught by Dr Cetinkaya-Rundel, teaching quality is very poor in this course. Both of the main instructors are unable to explain what's going on. There is vagueness and ambiguity, which is almost impossible for the uninitiated to resolve. All in all, a very frustrating experience. The course would urgently need re-recording. As it stands, it shows a huge disrespect for the student's time and effort.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class assumes a lot of statistical knowledge and background that is not covered in the first three classes of the series. So much statistical terminology and jargon was used by the instructor, it felt like taking a class in another language where I had to constantly stop the video and google for the terminology she used. It took a lot of grit to finish the class, which was overall a very demoralizing and negative experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would've saved a lot of time by knowing the R commands used in this course. It took so long to figure out things and I I didn't like the course because of that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good introduction to Bayesian concepts, but the course would benefit of some rethought of design of exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too Fast. Video is too short and spend a lot of time in the summary.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first three classes in this certification were excellent; this course was anything but that. There seems to be a significant disconnect between the first three courses (probability, inference, linear regression) and the fourth course (bayesian). I do not have a strong statistics background but I felt the first three classes in the certification challenged me, while providing an adequate level of support and thorough / articulate examples; the pace was perfect. Yet, with the fourth course I believe that either: 1) there needs to be a bridge course that prepares you for the bayesian course, or 2) the material needs to be taught at a slower pace with more specific and well presented examples / frameworks to work from. Although I was able to complete the course, I will now have to find an alternative source to learn from in order to really understand bayesian stats.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professors know what they are doing but not good at making the concepts plain to the students who don't have the strong background. Most of the times I would just ask myself why they did this and that but later they don't provide enough explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I get really frustrated when the tutor doesn't explain lots of concept/symbols in the materials.....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs much more work from instructors before it gets offered to the public. It is poorly assembled, offers hardly comprehensible material with no or very few resources to turn to. Reading material is listed, but they are useful for people already skilled in Bayesian Statistics. Exercises are worded such, that even the questions are a challenge to understand. Quizzes contain material never mentioned during lessons. Discussion forums are left unanswered by the teaching staff - or if they reply, they do it in a very negligent manner. No support on the merits. A major disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
About two years ago I completed Dr. Mine's course "Data Analysis and Statistical Inference" and was quite impressed by it. I always hoped that there'd be a follow up on bayesian statistics, so I was really excited when I heard that a course on this topic had finally been created. However while attending the course I became more and more disappointed. Dr. Mine does a nice job explaining things, other teachers in this course aren't as talented. Most slides / videos are quite useless for teaching because they skip over important steps without giving appropriate explanations. Also I was quite disappointed that this course pretty much only focuses on conjugate priors. MCMC is only skimmed over and the introduction to MCMC is more than questionable - instead of showing a simple example, MCMC is squeezed into the topic of bayesian model selection. Another point is R - this course doesn't really teach bayesian stats with R. It teaches how to call one-liners like bayes_inference (from package statsr) or bas.lm (from package BAS) instead of lm. This is totally disappointing. I wish this course would skim over conjugate prior methods and then focus on MCMC sampling methods by teaching how to build interesting and practically useful models using JAGS/STAN/PyMC/whatever. For anyone interested in bayesian stats I'd recommend reading "Doing Bayesian Data Analysis - Using R, JAGS, and STAN" and "Probabilistic Programming and Bayesian Methods for Hackers". These books are actually cheaper than this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mismatch between assessment and course content. After not being able to pass the assessment, I've fallen behind on the course and I'm too busy to catch up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course clearly has come ambition to cover important topics on bayesian statistics, however, probably due to time limit, the lecturers have to skim through the contents without further, sometimes necessary explanations. As a result, the lectures are difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not well-presented. Lectures are unimaginative, and there isn't enough supporting material or readings.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course covers a good amount of bayesian statistics. However, the presentation/videos starting from week 2 really sucks. They change instructors for difference topics and obviously some instructors are not very good at explaining other than reading the material.The videos skipped many medium steps that are actually very crucial for understanding the concepts. And no suggested reading materials at all either. Also the quiz are not very well designed either. For example, some quiz are much more simpler than the course material, which makes it not helpful at all to understand the course material itself. While some times it is the opposite.The first three courses in this specialization are very good, but somehow this course are way below the quality of the previous ones.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course lacks of explanation and it's very difficult to follow. It seems that the instructor just reads the slides without reasoning and explanation. Suggested reading materials are needed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't understand how come this course can get such high reviews. My experience with this course is horrible. First of all, most quiz are poorly designed, lots of mistakes. For instance, there are 10 Qs in week 1, 3 of them have mistakes. Wasted me tons of times.Lectures are also difficult to follow. Instructors usually just give formulas without further explanation. I forced myself to go through them until week 4, I finally give it up. I feel like it is a waste of my time. I need to find a better course on this topic.Most coursera courses are very well designed. This one is the worst I have ever experienced.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not much useful. Limited in interactivity. Dropped out after a week and halfThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
there was no home worksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too many theory and too boringThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor kept referring to different authors and books as if she wasn't sure what she was saying was true. She was just reading off a screen and not actually teaching. Might have been easier, and a bit more beneficial, to just read a well prepared set of slides on my own. The first set of quiz questions also weren't really relevant to what was in the actual lesson. Quite disappointed in this part of the specialization as the other sections had in depth presentations, clear information, lots of examples and great slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I couldn'tfinish this course because it was too much the. I wish it had a more practical aspect.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course is very much theoritical. I should have included mathatical models and ways to relate them with our day to day life.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I like that the course covered negotiation in general in relatively short time. However I found the lectures were too dry and theoretical as they lacked real life examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
She is fluent just like reading the scripts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had a hard time paying attention to the woman speaking and dropped the course after completing week one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad course. The content can barely be applied outside US, you don't know from which perspective it's explained (for sales or purchasing people), the videos are bad quality, the teacher is babbling, no extra resources, no interaction with the audience outside the assessments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course offered nothing significant or new to anyone who has spent any time around business or government negotiations. It really seems as though the instructor either assumes all of her students are completely inept or that because it is a free course that producing a reasonably viable product is not necessary.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too short, too easy, too costly. Beautiful picture, beautiful title, but low content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The answers to the test questions can be improved significantly. Most of them can be both justified or refuted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Instructor doesn't give enough info about principles and her presentation skills are very week,the studying material also are very poorThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring, didn't have strength to finishThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
teacher talks much too slowly, and uses many complex terms when they are not neededThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course depends too much on multiple third-party sites to be as enlightening as I had hoped. I learned about some great resources, but that's about it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Painful to watch and boring as hell!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many errors in the graded assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite disappointing. Lecturers / tutors no responding in time, and the solution provided are questionable, which already happened in earlier courses of this specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't learn anything more than what I already knew- which was basic concepts- and was able to pass anyway. I'm very disappointed. I want to be a good programmer, and this did not teach me any programming.The videos are not conducive to learning. You need a more engaging teaching plan. Don't just read slides to me, I can do that myself. Use videos to explain concepts, but stuff your videos with practice problems. Put more code in the videos and walk me through it. Put in mini-quizzes in the middle of videos, to keep the student aware of how they are doing in short increments. Don't move on to the next thing unless they have learned the first thing.I was unable to complete the projects because the practical coding was not taught - don't throw a third of the course into the first practice I get to without first walking me through short, contained examples of how to actually use the code, and testing me on each piece before putting it all together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The entirety of this course is "watch and listen". There are no hands-on activities/assignments that get you implementing what you are (supposedly) learning. The assignments that are offered are optional and consist of filling in the blank code without actually providing you a way to see how your code works in the big picture.For example - they go on and on about how intents are complicated and tricky, but they don't actually give you a required assignment. It's optional. Then the actual assignment is "Do this here, and this here, and then this here" and only when you have completed every step can you actually run the code. But this doesn't actually show you how to build the intent. All you did was write down what they told you to and where. You never actually build anything yourself. You don't actually get an idea of how these things work or how to implement them yourself from scratch.The quizzes are also pointless. Every quiz is multiple choice, select all that apply. There's no thought required, just regurgitation of info from the lectures.Also, the entire week 1 lectures are HORRIBLE. The lectures on git are sssoooo dull that I could not stay awake no matter how much I wanted to. They are given in a monotone, bored tone that will drive you insane.Overall, this course seems more like it was hastily slapped together, without much thought, and then never looked at again. I would not recommend anyone take this course, let alone pay for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The programming exercises should not be optional. I still intend to do them, but now I passed the course with a 100% mark but only 10% of knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
More practical application would be helpful in solidifying knowledge. Concepts seem abstract outside of any programming practice. Additionally, flow of lectures seems scattered at times: concepts are introduced then not expounded upon. This creates a distracted learning path that makes it difficult to follow the lessons. (From a beginner programmer's view).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course work was entirely optional and only started at the end of week 2. The required level of involvement was too low to be helpful. I don't learn well just watching lectures - I can get that much from YouTube!!! However, I expect a bit more when paying $500 for a specialisation.The first module in the series was too basic but at least there was a lot of coding involved. This (second) module didn't even have that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was really disappointed with this course, especially considering how great the first course was. IMO...there was too large of a jump between the two courses, and the plethora of "I'm totally lost..." threads in the forums would seem to back up my opinion. I'm currently reading Head First Android Development and it is exactly what I needed to grasp basic concepts as well get my bearings in the Android world. If this class remains the same I wouldn't be surprised to see attendance drop in further courses and/or Coursera starts receiving complaints about the difficulty.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course gives good perspective on innovation process and how to bring idea to life. However it was disappointing to me that content of the course has nothing to do with Art and Culture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would like to give this course worse than a 1 star. The course explanations are very poor. The explanations drag on and make no sense. I had to go to outside sources to make sense of what the videos were discussing, which I felt like defeats the purpose. Why am I paying for something when I have to use other sources to better explain. I would never recommend this course to anyone. Listening to these teachers explain each subject poorly was killing me. I like to learn through examples but what they provide just makes it more confusing and hard to follow. Each instructor got worse and worse! The videos were so hard to watch and the accents made it even more worse! I feel robbed from taking this course. I should have asked for my refund within the first week, but I felt since I was paying, I would stick it out a little longer. You will get a better explanation if you take each subject and youtube the videos on each subject. Very useless course. Hated every week of this course and I wouldn't dare to continue with the full specialization program. It's very sad to hear that this course gets recommended a lot, but it missed it's mark completely.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't recommend this course. The lectures barely touch on the topics being taught, you are expected to go learn on your own. I learned more from the free Khan academy than from this course. It would have been worth more buying good literature on algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos and explanations are very poor. Most of the time the instructors are reading off a script, and everything feels fake. By reading off a script they are forced to "hand-wave" and do not explain concepts covered completely.The only thing I liked about this course were the problem sets, which were interesting to do. Will not buy rest of specialization, feels like this is just a cash cow for UCSD.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Def a useful skills to have when starting to interview for jobs. This is a hard course to teach to begin with. I found the lectures really boring, too long, hard to understand and just not really motivated well. I think the homework problem are good, but they are very time consuming. You need to use various methods to find edges cases and though that might be a good skill to have as well, it's just too much to get done in one week and somewhat frustrating when you're only stuck in one test case. I think this could be an excellent course with a few modification on the slides and adding more motivations and making shorter homework problems that focuses on the main part of the material for that as oppose to things we've already covered in the previous week. At the moment, I don't think I'll continue this specialization the way it's designed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If one has taken the Algorithms 1 and 2 course by Profs. Sedgewick and Wayne, this course will be a disappointment and waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the material are great so much information and it is the first from the hole specializationbut! the explanation is so weak doesn't match at all with this big datathe pseudocode is so distracting and hard to readi always get lost and i don't know is it an array in the code or variable and what does he want to do with itthe pseudocode should be just a normal english code saying what to donot an understandable signs :\i am really sad that i couldn't get benefits from this amount of knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
These two stars go to the instructor in week 1. I left the course after week 3 because I couldn't tolerate the accents of the instructors. I got frustrated starting from week 2 where I have to reread the subtitles to understand the material. Please let someone who can speak English fluently teach the course, please. The course goes kinds of fast, this is first course of the Specialization and it quickly jumps to Greedy algorithm, really? In general Algorithm course, it is usually taught late.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Algorithmic Toolbox consists of a series of slides containing slimmed down explanations on introductory algorithmic concepts, followed up with programming assignments. The slides are the centrepiece of the course, as the presenters rarely stray from the bullet points and pseudocode they're comprised of.I learned a lot during this course. Although, to gain confidence in your knowledge, this is a course that will require you to seek out additional materials to supplement your learning. Perhaps unsurprising being an introductory course, but the presenters struggle when faced with setting expectations.Throughout the course presenters often gloss over fairly complex concepts, treating them as they were trivial knowledge. This applies to mathematical definitions, proofs where most steps are skipped, tree diagrams without the context of their underlying theory, or bullet points used in place of what could be detailed explanations.All material is left equally weighted. Rather than providing explanations like: "We don't need to go into detail on this, only x concept from it is important for what we want to focus on. Reference this chapter in this book for more detail." presenters would read mathematical definitions verbatim from the slides and move on. I was often unsure of how much I would need to know about such concepts.In terms of communication ability, the presenters don't hold up against many of the free/low-cost services I'm accustomed to using, for example: MIT OpenCourseWare, Udacity, edX, Khan Academy, Code School, Treehouse, etc. Perhaps unsurprising, as these competing services often feature professional communicators rather than professional researchers. But the marketplace for quality online education is definitely becoming a competitive one. Users now expect nothing less than presenters with exceptional communication/teaching ability.In most videos the presenters read verbatim from the slides and motion with their hands to explain concepts that would be better broken down on a whiteboard. Rarely straying from the slides, the times the presenters go into more depth on a concept, you get a scribble in the corner of a slide, lacking the clarity I've come to expect when approaching complex concepts from master educators like YouTuber PatrickJMT or Khan Academy. After a couple weeks into the course, I just went straight to the slides, read MIT's Introduction to Algorithms, and skipped most of the course videos.But all things considered, the course served as a good curriculum to guide my focus through the introductory concepts, regardless of where I sought it out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Update: As I proceed to wk 5, I know why there are some complaint on Dynamic programming,Reduced to 2 stars. Lectures are totally useless for the assignment,The course is really good until week 4 when it deteriorates very quick. No matter how many times I re-watch the lecture, I can't understand much. I ended up using wikipedia for the quiz instead :PI can't use much of the course forum since there are too many posts there and it keep crashing my chrome.This course gets my 3 stars from the first 3 weeks alone, otherwise it gonna be 0-2 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Even though this course covers a lot fundamentals for introduction to algorithm, the course itself is not designed as good as I expected. For starters, the weekly problem designs aren't very good. Some problem statements are ambiguous and not very clear unless you read more than one time or take a closer look at the examples. Often, the input format/arguments are designed to take redundant info. Some problem even has more than one possible correct outputs, which is just confusing for learning purpose.In terms of lecture videos, it's good that there are some classic algorithm problems being demonstrated in the video, however the linkage between how to express a problem in mathematical languages is poorly explained. For example, in the lecture of edit distance, the realization of the matrix was not well explained at all. I personally appreciate a lot of the thorough proving steps introduced in the lectures, however I personally think the proofs are often not well explained to the audience (I also understand that it's more difficult to explain proving steps). Considering the large variety of audience, I would recommend the instructors separate the comprehensive more in-depth knowledge into optional videos, in this way the audiences could decide if they want to spend time in optional videos or not based on their own needs, meanwhile the instructors could spend a little bit more time to explain the difficult concepts better. Overall, I know that talking and analyzing algorithms can be kinda of boring and challenging, but I wish the course videos could be stated in a more interesting and intriguing way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Feedback in assignment is not good enough.For example, for the points and segment, there are no correct answer in output as a reference.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course starts very promising, but it gets worse week after week, culminating on a barely understandable week about dynamic programming. That’s when I gave up and decided to write this review instead, with just one assignment missing to complete the course.Some of the teachers aren’t native english speakers, which is fine, but their english is very hard to understand. I found myself having to watch some portions of the videos over and over again in order to understand what was being said. I tried reading the transcripts instead, but the they’re even worse! It seems that they were automatically generated from the videos, thus suffering with the poor pronunciation.The teachers use mathematical sophistication that feels unnecessary, but to be fair, they do mention it on the FAQ as part of the necessary background. However, even though it’s an online course, they barely use any teaching method besides very raw slides, some dry mathematical proofs and someone speaking about the content. The only resources offered to help learning are a few open source visualizations. I expected much more.The only good aspect from this course are the assignment checkers, which allow you to write your solutions in multiple languages.I deeply regret the money and time I spent on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So much of the content was limited without paying for the course, that calling it a MOOC is a real stretch. Because of these limitations, most of my work was done on my own, and by purchasing the related book. Since my local Community College used to run this course, but now points to this onine course instead, it's a huge disappointment. Most folks who are going into business for themselves need good information but have little cash. The one star is for the handouts (I believe pulled from other websites but pointed to by this course) - these have been useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was really boring, just reading the text in the presentation.It can be made in 4 classes not 8.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Informative but not challenging enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have given you a 2* star rating as on finishing my course promptly all the information I submitted has suddenly been locked! I haven't been able to answer a classmate's request to review his work & worse, I haven't been able to print off my own work for reference & this is a REAL project so I need to be able to do this. We were not given notice that this would happen.#disappointedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Why is this course dangerous?I took this course because first I liked the idea to have a history lesson spanning the age of the whole universe. Maybe it is also intriguing to explain everything just with one principle: the second law of thermodynamics. BUT as it turned out they don't have any clue what this second law of thermodynamics means. They always forget the second part of it: it is just valide in a closed system. I think everbody will agree, that the earth for example isn't a closed system.In the beginning they tell you you should be critical about everything new you hear or get taught. But if you are critical and question things they teach you they will ignore you. One glance at the discussion forum shows: they are fast in answering good feedback and compliments by students, but critical questions (with scientific papers who show different facts) get ignored for weeks and months. They are cherry picking. They just see what encourages their view and their opinion and ignore everything that contradicts their course, opinion, believe and dogma. In this respect they are so dangerous. That is the same principle how cults work.Maybe their goal, stopping polluting and changing the world in such a speed seems to be a good one. But also here you have to be careful. When they talk about climate change and the overuse of ressources they are exaggerating by a factor of 50! In my opinion you are damaging an important discussion if you are lying and exaggerating in such a shameless way. For sure it is not helpful! But again, the truth doesn't fit in their world view.Furthermore they "teach" that cities get blown away by taifoons is caused by the "universe balancing entropy". This isn't just lack of understanding physics, or history, or flow mechanics, it is just insane.In summary: this is not a history course, but the "teachings" of a lying, exaggerating, cherry picking cult with no knowledge in particle physics, cosmology, chemistry, biology or even history.So please: if you take this course, be aware of this pitfalls and their intentions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
With a grand title and grand introduction, I found the course very superficial and gained little additional insight form "Big History".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I find the week 6 of this course completely irrelevant. Also, I'm attending courses on Coursera to learn and quizzes are IMO an essential part of that process, but definitely not essays. For me personally, essays are just waste of time and there's nothing beneficial about them.Another thing that bugs me is how questionably and often misleadingly are thermodynamical laws interpreted by the professors in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the class gave me nothing. nobody wan's to waste tons of hours to learn nothing. so I personally think this course is on of the worst classes among the Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is not good at all. The instructor assumes that you have a good genomic background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I struggled so hard! No way near the same level as the other courses.Came from Computer science background and felt that I missed so many terms and concepts that were required for this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very frustrating and disappointing experience. The lectures were hard to follow on many levels:1) The enunciation was unclear and subtitles were often of-the-point, plus they covered-up the code lines that were being discussed.2) The lecturer often failed to explain logical constructs that were being used, despite the fact that the course should have been understandable with no R cran/Bioconductor experience.3) The method arguments were either not explained, or very vaguely mentioned, which means applying them to new situations was unnecessarily complicated.4) No feedback at all was offered from course organisers/reps to anyone, even after complains in discussion forum about quiz questions.5) No feedback for solving the questions/correct answers even after the deadline.6) Quiz questions required methods and logical constructs that were not explained/used/mentioned in the lectures. One quiz lacked background information of what data needed to be used (the info was available in the previous version of the course). Some quiz questions were biologically inaccurate i.e. confusing genes/transcripts/exons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Discussions in this course are voiceless and dead and the instructor never appears in discussions. I couldn't understand anything from video lectures: cannot understand enunciation not enough detailed, lack of examples related to the assignments. So the only source was repository http://kasperdanielhansen.github.io/genbioconductor/ with html files. And a lot of searching through bioconductor forums.I liked the relevance of quiz questions to real life genomic questions, but all quiz questions were outstandingly difficult, because of both lack of examples in lectures and errors in some packages inside bioconductor.Overall I expected much more from this course and I cannot recommend it to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
complier error all the time!!!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very useful. Somehow general.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting topics, and some good information presented on a variety of issues for many animals and situations. However, presented info is often vague and generalized, some sections discuss very little scientific data to back up claims made, and course is generally not very rigorous or challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
*No Stars*Another boring animal class that I would not recommend. The teachers do seem nice and well educated however it is still too boring and slow for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many animal mistreatment clips were shown, also some gross misstatements of biological-scientific truths and widely held facts. Humans cannot change the genome of any living creature, DOGS are WOLVES and always will be. We have domesticated and bred for certain personality traits and characteristics. Done with your course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is uneven at best, with some modules providing insights and knowledge and others not so much. The presentation in some of the modules is perhaps an example of how not to do it, reading fro a script in a monotonous voice. Some of the material, like the lengthy historical review of Edinburgh's vet school, might be good advertising and interesting, but does not fall under the scope of 'what it takes to be a vet'. Good idea, but, with a few exceptions, less than average execution.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content was good, but occasionally VERY hard to understand the lecturers' English. Worth taking though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry for my English.So many people looking forward to take this course and was very cold, robotic... full of theoretical and repetitive texts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was nothing like true Tibetan Buddhism which is my religion ! please consider canceling it immediatly or having me or a real lama as the teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a course that sounds like a bad audiobook. The prof. reading a the lecture and giving lot of information without any soul or teaching energy to engage. I prefer then read a book about this topic than being here at this course get bored listening at the same tone a reading of a lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Audio is terrible - can't continueThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not well presented at all. Great disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really horrible in instruction, experience and application ability of lecturers, poorly put together and assembled. It was astonishing to experience such self-promoting hacks rather than knowledgeable practitioners of the art of meditation. It is very important to clarify the content of a somewhat titled misnomer. The course was an academic study in mediation bring is rather esoteric, questionable, and personal opinion concepts and comments; in effect a mesh-mash.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Audio was difficult to hear at timesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very disappointed about the content. It is not a course. Pr David Germano is just reading text. No design no learning experience. I would learn much better with just reading a book. It is a shame I was very interested in the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course feels a lot like it's being taught by a non-teaching professor. The lectures are very long, not chunked for easy viewing (to the point where I couldn't download to my phone for offline/off-wifi use). There are very long locally-hosted readings (so they're hard to print and you can't add them to an offline reader app), and the Reading section for each lesson seems to be a bibliography (rather than actual reading assignments), because there are no links and some refer to "Selections" without giving page numbers or, in at least one case, a multi-volume book. The information is comprehensive and very valuable, but the delivery is very lacking as a MOOC.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very useless, there is no meat, only water - there is no substance - only talking around the topic. I am appalled that such research exists, and ashamed for the courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course appears unfinished and very disorganized. The lectures are monotonous and boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The early lectures were profoundly dense, monotone and cluttered with non-contextual detail while being (strangely given the subject) seemingly empty of a real desire to share, or convey, understanding. I am confess that, as much as I was looking forward to guest lecturers, I couldn't make it past the first three.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not for the basic student looking for information. Very detailedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much theoretical. Probably this is not the course I was looking for when I joined it. Nevertheless, I will try to get some concepts from it, particularly for what concerns the practice of meditation and mindfulness.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Watch one or 2 lectures before you join the course, if you felt okay then go ahead, otherwise don't waste your time and money, something wrong in the course structure...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the teacher had to little expression , it was like he was reading loud, and I felt I might have red the text myself. I lacked some enthusiasmThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Simply not as engrossing as I had hoped it would be.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible...can't believe how a quality the course is. Embarrassing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too many videos and texts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
presentation has to be betterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of talking, little content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I enjoyed and benefitted from some of this course. In particular I would highly recommend the Meditation Labs, the Science of Meditation videos and the short presentations from the Tibetan Buddhist monks . But I think the creators of this course need to be a lot clearer about what their aims are in that part of the course which Dr Germano presented. Since this was he was presenting the main overview of Buddhist content it was particularly disappointing that his presentations were so bad.I understand that there were difficulties in getting the course up and running from the various delays in its starting date and the change to its title and perhaps Dr Germano's role was more affected than the other lecturers. However it's pretty damning when he manages to to be so off-putting to so many of the students, going on the discussion comments. For my own part, I've studied and practiced Buddhism for more than 30 years and I am left with little sense of what his aims were for his lectures.To be more specificDr Germano's Presentation:-he read from what I presume were lecture notes but more likely he was reading from an academic paper. the language was pretty turgid.-he could have just provided a PDF of his paper / notes for us to download. That would have been much more helpful as presumably it would have had some structure to it. doing that would have enabled him to use his video time in a more creative way.-MOOCs are wonderful audio-visual opportunities but he had no slides or illustrations at all. The few text headers which appeared then disappeared in only a very few seconds and sometimes did not relate directly to what he was saying at that time.Dr Germano's content: the amended title was Tibetan Buddhist Meditation. This is a complex subject which encompasses many layers of meditation practice culled from historically earlier Buddhist traditions. Can I suggest that any future version of this course includes the following:-include a video which presents the main aspects of the historical development of Buddhism. There was some mention of this in Germano's material but he did it from the Tibetan point of view. Surely what a modern day presentation needs is a modern impartial historical analysis of the subject. It's not as if there aren't plenty of academics and practitioners who are active in this field.-it's confusing to describe Tibetan Lesser Vehicle practices but then illustrate them with Pali text sources, modern Mindfulness practice, and modern Brahma Vihara practice all of which have emerged from the modern Theravadin tradition.-it's also perplexing to include information about many modern Theravadin teachers (Sayadaw, Goenka) in a course apparently not about them.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the videos about Sayadaw and the interview with Sharon Saltzberg, but I am left in the dark about just what differences, if any, there are between them and Tibetan meditation.Overall I think this course was offered prematurely. Much of its content was enthralling, inspiring and very useful practically. However much of it was not.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am afraid this is only two stars from me for now. It is a course with great content and a lot of potential, but the way how it is delivered can be greatly improved to make it easier to understand and more engaging. I just hope the team do not give up, but improve this to be one of the best courses on Coursera - it can well be!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Needs to be more engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poorly structured. Purely academic and dull as dishwater. Buddhist meditation is a profoundly beautiful tradition but there is no beating heart here. I gave up quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I waited a long time for this class to start but now that it is here I find it impossible summon enough will to pay attention to the lectures. As a retired teacher I have more of an ability to stick to a class than many but life is too short to wait for this class to perk up. The professors seem very knowledgable but their teaching methodology leaves a lot to be desired.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a beginner to the subject... I feel like I know even less if that was possible after just the first few weeks!! I plan to start again sometime in the future and see if I can figure things out in this course.. after I learn about Buddhism somewhere else first!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a buddhist, I feel upset of this course. I expected it to be teach in a better way, with more lectures, PPT presentations...there ought to be a better way of explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The guided meditations were wonderful, but the introductory lectures for Weeks 1-5 were redundant and boring. These lectures could have been much shorter and would have been equally valuable. Dr. Clifford Saron's lectures were interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Far too academic. Nothing of substance but lists. I'm not here for monotonous lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was looking forward to starting this course, but so far, checking through the delivery of the first 4 weeks, I can't see spending time voluntarily following this. There is no doubt a lot of work put into this, but it is painful to take part, so no thanks for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Speakers sound so monotone and dry that they leave an unenthusiastic impression of an incredibly fascinating subject. Some video lectures and writings are so unnecessarily verbose they cloud what is being taught. Frustratingly fought my way through the lessons and failed to clearly retain what I was trying to learn from Prof. Germano. All apologies to the professor for any harshness, and I MAY try again one day, but not now.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The introduction is great. After that it's unbearably boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely dry, academic style presentation, could use a LOT of work to make it appeal to others in the future. "Lesser" Vehicle is also considered an insult in many circles. Not a good title for a class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Joined this course as I was really interested in understanding meditation itself from a scientific perspective. The monotonous drone of the instructors combined with the super low volume that one has to strain to hear, the extra extra long essays which read like one long chapter less novel, the videos which extend what could've been covered in 5-7 minutes to nearly 30, all take the interest away. Unclear if this was intentional & intended to enable participating students to be more patient and tolerant of imperfections around them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I submitted homework for week 1. I get an email telling me I did not submit. Then week two the course makes references to material not covered in week 1. it looks like a week is missing between week 1 and week 2?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My course 3/4 in this specialization is still incomplete because the questions had wrong answers in the module quizzes and it was literally taking HOURS to complete the quizzes because you had to guess which one of the wrong answers would be correct this time. The questions rotate through slightly different questions each attempt so you can't simply use elimination on each attempt, YOU GUESS EVERY SINGLE TIME. IT'S LITERALLY 100% LUCK! I thought maybe course 4/4 would be better but nope, same problems here. I've wasted over 6 hours in total trying to pass these broken tests and I'm completely over it. I also reached out to chat support, they went through and said they couldn't find anything wrong and couldn't help me and a refund was impossible because it's past the refund date. Even though I paid for 2 broken, un-proofread, time wasting courses. Also, in course 4/4, the math tables in the videos are staggered all over the place and looks terrible. Seriously an issue of someone not even looking at the video before publishing, would have taken less than 5 mins to fix for the entire course. Also, every time a "checkpoint" question is supposed to pop up, nothing happens. In every single video, they're all missing. I've used Coursera for a few other courses and thought they were reliable but this makes me think otherwise and I feel like such an idiot for paying $200 for this COMPLETE GARBAGE. Other people in the forums have shown they have the same problem posted over a month ago but nothing. Please, someone from Coursera get a hold of me and help me resolve this ridiculous problem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing much to learn, the videos were rather short. There's no lecture on computing the angles and the full features of the framework. The framework wasn't updated for Swift 3.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
waste of time and moneyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Why there is no "minus one" star? Because one star is way to much for this course. Stay away!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In this capstone project, you're given a framework to work with, and asked to create an app with pretty minimal required criteria. The problem is, there's very little instructions or support, so it feels like a classroom where the instructor said "do whatever you want" and walks out of the door. Overall the specialization feels ill-organized and of questionable quality, and there are plenty of negative sentiments in the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After the first week, the instructors never showed up to answer a single question in the forums. The capstone project itself was disappointing, I learned much more from doing my own app in class #3.I took the Coursera Android specialization, which was eons better than this. I would not recommend this iOS specialization to anyone. I would never again take a MOOC from U of Toronto.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This capstone project was a huge disappointment to me. The course caption stated that this would be where we would use Location, Design and Usability, and Persistence and Settings to build a high quality app. Also stated is that "you’ll apply your skills to create a fully-functioning photo editing app for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch." Earlier I have also read that we would be allowed to build an app of our choice or according to teacher's specification. That text now seems to have been removed.Anyway, none of these promises were kept. Instead we got something like 20 minutes of lectures in total for the whole four weeks, all on a simple framework to track face features. Unfortunately this framework isn't very competent, so there's only so much you can do with it. Most of us have only placed some static images and simple animations on top of the face shown in the camera view, and that is actually enough to get full marks according to the form used in the peer review. How does that even begin to fulfil the promises of the caption?We have paid as much for this course as for the previous three. There should of course be a similar amount of lectures on more advanced topics like current best practises for UI design, the Location API which was promised, and other interesting things that provide the building blocks for a state of the art iOS app. For a real cornerstone project, I expect that more than 4 weeks would be necessary in order to be able to build a good app, since many of us are doing this on our spare time.I feel sad that I had the misfortune of signing up for this course before it was made, but hope that you will take our collective criticism and make a good course out of this for future students.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The capstone project had nothing to do with the previous three courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If I could, I would rate it 0/5 stars.Do not, I repeat, DO NOT pay and enroll this course. And you will be disappointed if you do. There, now you have been warned.This part of the specialization has been put together in a haste, without effort and absolutely without any care of teaching. I'm completely shocked and disappointed.In other words:It is a complete joke and a sad excuse for a MOOC. Shame on you University of Toronto!Yes, harsh words, and here's why:The course description does not reflect the contents nor the final assignment. Face tracking? That's pretty far from what I expected from this when I paid $284 for the specialization.In total, there is only 25minutes of video lectures. Really? That's it? It's way too little for a capstone project course.Staff does not care about learners's concerns. Zero effort to respond in the discussion forums. It takes days before there is any response at all.The assignment descriptions and requirements are sparse and vague. Why are we doing face tracking when the description talks about location apis and "putting it all together"?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course has been released way too early, clearly it lacks most of its content and what does exist isn't working properly either.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course material is very poor and did not give much support for doing assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too simple, no programming, just theory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't feel this course is always very clear. I Feel that I usually am missing the big picture. I follow it in details, but the pace does not match in terms of how you can view the big picture of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content was not very appealing. Explanations were not that engaging. What I really missed was the actual practical aspect where you don't work with command prompt but an much more user friendly interface that is more up to date with current standards.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too high level. Last assignment too ambiguous, peer assessment was completely random and not reliable to pass the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course a materials are interesting and with significant value, same comment on the teachers, this would be perfect if the third party(the VM) is working fine, I can't say I'm happy about the course where the frustration is probably the right word describing my feeling right now, wish me luck for this week, I might pass might not ......The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish the courses are more project oriented. This is a very good introduction but, atleast you could provide some optional projects or some tasks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a manager in an IT consultancy, I can't justify sending my personnel through this course, even at $69 per course. The amount of information gained is very thin and does not move one toward being productive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed assignment on data modeling did little to expand my knowledge on the topic. Which is a shame since the individual lectures were well done and very interesting. The "Pink Flamingo" peer-peer-reveiwed exercise needs to go.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The last peer review is really hard to do. Hard is because the wording is very ambiguous and not all understand how to review. There was a guy who answered with SQL query. This is hardcore since we have not learned that yet...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth your time or money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, the 'hands on' exercises are not very hands on and do not actually add much valueThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
hard to follow not because it is difficult, but the lecture is only slides, texts, reading slides, very boring and not so many hand-on instruction. only thing i remember is the instructor's face after finish this class. Dont know why you add this into such a good specialist.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of the lecture material is unclear and does not fit with the content I've learned from other BI books, lectures, and experience. Additionally, the quizzes don't seem to test for real-world BI knowledge, rather they test for the ability to interpret the instructors fairly unique views on some BI topics. Furthermore, the additional readings need to be culled significantly, it looks like someone just googled BI topics and then copy and pasted the links they found. Please prioritize the additional readings highest value to lowest value and then post only the 4 to 7 reading that rank the highest. A pairwise comparison process may be useful when doing this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basically just a product demo and the lecturer was very hard to comprehend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Compared to the other Coursera course I attended ,this one is by far the least useful one. The instructor is super brief and his slides are mostly made of a list of acronyms!I would not recommend it until they make some serious changes to the content and presentation of material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
lecture too focus on the theory that not very useful on business world. The BI tool "microStrategy" used in the homework is too slow and crash from time to time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material and the lecture is not so engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some lectures are just right for the public in general but most of them seem to be built from common sense, there´s where I wonder if the American people are so unliterate on food issues. The quality of the visual material is also variable, I am sure that including animation of more appealing graphics would be helpful to engage more people into the course; another challenge would be to prepare more challenging content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Was expecting a deeper unsdersting and knowledge of child nutrition and its impact in the health of little ones... too general.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First, I would like to say that with the exception of ONE exam, I was able to take all the tests WITHOUT WATCHING THE VIDEOS. That shows that this is a poorly put together course. Secondly, this course did NOT cover CHILD NUTRITION, it covered general nutrition. There was nothing helpful in regards to meal planning with children (although there was useful information in the Lunch Packing Video.) Although it claims the project at the end of the course is optional, it will not let me complete the course without doing the project. I find that extremely frustrating. This course offered a lot of great information (even if it was a weird combo of factual/opinionated) I was frustrated by the fact that this course is OBVIOUSLY geared towards the upper middle class/rich instead of the the everyday blue-collar family. I will do the project to complete the course but was very disappointed in my first course through Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you aren't familiar with cooking and nutrition this course is a good fit. However, if you have a bit of background in healthy eating, you may not get as much out of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very basic, videos contain a lot of repetitions and quiz questions are too easy (in addition, I believe that there are too much negative questions). I believe that this course should be called an Introduction to the basics of Nutrition and it's only for complete newbies. There are no insights in specifics of child nutrition besides general concepts of balanced diet and some tips how to make your kids be more enthusiastic in eating vegetables.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
dunno wwhat's the point of making two separate courses with different names.. the content are fundamentally the same.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Changed my mind after watching the cooking. The course on nutrition is just "ok" but the teacher has a very skewed idea about what "healthy cooking" really is and fails to present with reasons for her recipe choices.Anyway I stopped watching the course, again, the nutritional part is fairly good but if you choose to continue the course at least make sure you keep searching for other points of view as well.Best of luck.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic and too focused on 'farmers market' thinking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am really disappointed with the content of this course. If what you're looking for is the most basic of information on making better choices and remembering to wash your cutting board after handling raw meat, maybe this course is for you. If, however, you come to this course wanting specific information about how to build great meals for babies, toddlers, and young children, or you'd like to know how their needs change over time, this course is not for you. I was hoping for information like how to teach your toddler to chew/eat difficult things (ex: whole apples). I wanted to know at what age/weight you switch to 2% milk. I wanted to know how many calories a meal should be based on height and weight and how that changes over time. I wanted to know medically verified tips on getting the right amount of each nutrient into a toddler's diet and what, if any, extra vitamins should be added. I wanted tips on weaning if you're still nursing a toddler... I guess I just wanted more.In addition, the quizzes are so easy as to be silly. Actual quiz question and correct answer: Which is NOT a good way to approach grocery shopping if healthy choices are desired? Answer: Visit the supermarket hungry and walk through the candy aisle first. COME ON! Did I need a Stanford University course to tell me that one?!?!?While the instructor is knowledgeable, this course is geared toward someone with NO knowledge, not someone who wants to gain a deeper understanding. The videos are painfully slow (am I waiting for a doodle here???) and I could read the entire course worth of transcripts in under a half hour rather than go through all of the videos. And the recipes... good god! I don't think that someone interested in learning more about child nutrition is needing a slow tutorial on how to make basic oatmeal on the stove top. If she'd upped the game- showed basics and then talked about the benefits of adding, say, chia seeds, different fruits, flax, etc. and how best to make a basic bowl of oatmeal into a complete breakfast, that would have been a useful topic.I'm just hugely disappointed. This course is best suited to perhaps a health department; not to someone seeking college level information about a topic that matters to their children's lives.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very good nor scientificThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I only took this Course because I was forced too and I don't think it matters what you eat it's just how much you eat. You also don't need to eat lots of Vegetables and Fruit to be a Health person just saying .Plus this course is boring as hellThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was too simple for my taste and not very fullfilling science wiseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Worst course ever. I stopped partway through. Too many links to outside stuff. Tests/quizes were not based on what was presented in the lessons. Test design is horrible, too many negative questions. Glances over the good true information about nutrition to tell us about free range farms, farmers markets, etc., which most people do not have access to or can not afford.Giving it 1 star is being nicePeople who sponsored it should get their money back.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found it very basic. There were lots of repetition. I was expecting something more in-depth. Loved the graphics though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Condescending, not backed up with evidence and preachy. Somewhere in there are some good ideas for making healthy food for kids but given I'm probably of similar politics to what they're pushing and I found it obnoxious I think they're alienating a lot of people. Must do better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
"much better than the data science with R concentration provided also by John Hopkins. This course has concrete examples, and the lecturer doesn't treat his audience like the first-grade kids." I take this back. The lecturer doesn't know what he's taking about and what he is gonna talk about for at least half of the time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The concepts are good but the delivery is quite dry. Very hard to pass the quizes, as there are no analogies or examples in the videos - just theory. I did not enjoy this course as much as I did the first two in the programme.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was a complete joke. Many practice quiz questions and even test questions had wrong answers marked as right so you had to re-write test over and over until you guessed which one of the wrong answers was right. Also, there was a theme of lazily worded questions and answers throughout the entire course. There is always a way to write in non ambiguous ways, it just takes some effort. Very frustrating to decipher the lazily worded questions. Someone should have proof read this course. I feel like an idiot for paying for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is hard to be constructive when you do have something brilliant to compare with.The very first thing to say is that the course is presented through poorly drawn cartoons for 5-year-olds and ineffective lecture videos with little or no eye contact with the instructors. The presentations are filled with strange icons and drawings appearing every here and there, making not much of a professional impression.After watching videos, in just about 5 minutes after the lecture is over, the retained information was always going to zero. Sometimes I had to rewind the video to retrieve the points they were trying to make. Or maybe I just didn't want to listen to them. But it seems impossible due to the fact I am interested, and I do finish every course on Business writing I run into. Always with 100% final grade.The overall demeanor is not as professional as it has to be. I recommend the designers to watch "Write Professional Emails" with Gerry Landers by Georgia Tech and "Teach English Now!" with Dr. Shane Dixon by Arizona State University. I do not normally remember the instructors' names, except for brilliant ones. I do not remember the ones of this course.I do hope my criticism will eventually lead to a better experience for your students. I apologize if I was overly direct and wordy.Regards,RafaelThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good for someone who has no idea of anything about calculusThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is okay and covers the basics well enough. However, the assignments are structured for memorization not learning and contribute little to the experience. I decided to cancel my subscription as there are better options on EdX and other Coursera courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Presenter is very bad lecturer. She seems to be reading (badly) from a tele prompt, rather than lecturing. The quality of the slides is very poor. Not the level of a reputable University.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion, a very basic course...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I cannot complete the course due to installations problem of the software required even if I have all the requirements needed on my laptop.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It covers theoretical part of "What big data is" and basic info about Hadoop. Quality of presentation slides is below average. Most of them are not readable - many fonts, many colors, some with complicated pictures, some with no information at all. Part with Map reduce is just slightly touched, not explained in details, without examples. Practical tasks from hadoop are very easy and they show nothing (just how to navigate over hadoop file system.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite poor. Just a lot of talk and nothing practical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Last exercise is half the course and took many frustrating hours to install and for me never worked. No support provided by instructors. You are on your own.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many things I already know and which are quite obvious, when you have some little computer science knowledge, less practical information; the explanations for installing Cloudera etc are insufficient!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Language is not good, and Lack of InfoThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly, for the price paid, the value given is quite low. I expected to have more hands-on working with the Hadoop ecosystem rather than this course's focus on background that really does not help one to become productive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course provided almost no value , and there was almost nothing covered that you couldn't find online for free. The presentation was probably the worst part of the course: It was extremely boring and made it hard to get through the videos.I didn't expect much practical parts in the course, but there was even less than what I expected: What was described as setting up a hadoop cluster consisted of downloading a preconfigured VM image and running it, and then typing in a couple of commands that were provided to you. Again, nothing of value was added, and quickly going over the FAQ page of any of the products mentioned would be more helpful, faster and a lot more interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Less useful than reading an introductory chapter. Being able to reiterate acronyms or idiosyncratic mnemonics does not demonstrate any real understanding of this field. The minimal information provided and low level of the instruction at least clarified that this specialization is not worth pursuing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointing. Poorly written quizes and presentations. The level of the course is far too basic to be of value, but is required for the specialization. Why not offer an option to test out of basic introduction courses?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of the course is providing useless statistics, i didn't enjoy it and it's a really basic course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic. All this information of this course can be self taught by Googling and the hands on exercise at the end of the course is a joke. For the $59 price of the course, expected more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely basic intro, not valuable if you have any understanding of the the spaceThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the course is ok. The main problem is that the way the information is presented. Ilkay Altintas, who is the main lecturer, is a sweet woman, but lecturing from a manuscript is not her strongest side. It is clear that she is reading from a screen while she is looking into the camera. Anyone could do that job, and they should have chosen more of an "news anchor" type of person with better pronunciation and more flow. It's simply very uninspiring and boring to listen to. Also, 59 dollars is far too expensive for such a short course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It´s a requirement to put down a payment to take the quizThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic knowledge, not enough information about targeted therapy, everything is explained without going into any detailsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hello all. I'm glad I took this course successfully. However, I have some notes. As a 4th year medical student, I see that the information is superficial. I finished the course in around 3 weeks, so medical students wouldn't get so much benefit out of the course. I wanted to learn more details, specially in depth about each type of the 5 cancers from the basics to clinical. Secondly, there was no interaction between the students and the doctor supervising the course in the discussion blogs. Thirdly, I believe that the assessment was too easy. I suggest a 60% passing grade with a more challenging assessment. Finally, this is my personal opinion. I enjoyed the course and I would like to see more improvement in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the instructor keeps repeating the same information throughout all the lectures. It is not as impactful as I thought it would be. The last straw was her saying that-that was an article.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very low quality and not practicalThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
An mix of general tips on how to write well mixed with some corporate-specific information. Broad overview, but I didn't really learn anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I couldn't access all of the reading materials and could never finish this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic. Tricky quiz questions. There seems to be multiple right answers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely basic. Please put that up front in the course description.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a good brush up course but a lot of it was common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not designed well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, I hoped for a more advanced level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor content. Clearly filler material for the specialization. :)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the video lectures very choppy and difficult to watch.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it's to general. I would like to have done some exercises. Great framework without a punchline.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some questions in the quiz for module 2 are unclear and seem unrelated to the course work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was very generic and didn't teach that much. Sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not too interesting, but certain things were useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I must say that the Capstone Project was a good assignment. The issue is that the Peer Reviews were bad. I had to resubmit my assignment due to a student that choose to give me 0's when the other reviewers gave me 5's. There was also a bias to what each reviewer thought the capstone should cover so you had no idea which direction to update your work because the next reviewer may feel that the type of analysis you did was not Necessary.The course needs a specific Rubric and specific methods each person has to use in order to complete the assignment. For example, Must Use the Four Forces Model when evaluating Strategy. This way everyone knows what to expect and what to look for. Otherwise you can get a low grade on a great project because a Classmate thought you should have used another model so he gave you a 1 or 0 when the model you used demonstrated your knowledge.Capstones need to be monitored either by a student or assistant to protect against trolls that don't read your work and give you the lowest score. Otherwise the Course was great and the information was definitely well put together. The Peer Reviews brought my overall grade lower because I didn't get the High Mark I should have.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a hard subject to teach myself. I found the instruction distracting. I think in attempt to be enthusiastic the instructors frittered away my attention. By terrible coincidence, my computer blew up. Real Life intervened in that and other ways. I will continue to try to learn calculus, but this didn't work for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor does a very poor job of explaining the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is impossible to input solutions to quizzes/exams - even when they are correct, they are graded as wrong - a massive waste of timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This comical man makes me very annoy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
you must use the exact format to get the correct answer on problems, or it will be marked wrongthe course is "as is" meaning when there are mistakes in the coursework neither web hosting nor faculty have are available to correct mistakesmoderators are not allowed to correct course content, so what they end up doing is editing your post in the forum. get use to this: "A moderator deleted your post in Calculus One because of spam""Review our forum Code of Conduct to learn more about guidelines for participating in course discussions", but i and others are only posting problem areas, thus rendering the forum discussions uselesssince the moderators only have the power to delete and edit your post, there is a list of content errors for the course that you will need to look at. real smart. i asked to have my grade adjusted, but they deleted that post alsoThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
teacher doesn't teach what is on the quizzes. -_-The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course is great, I like everything about it, but I can't say the same about the quiz format, it is rigid and non-standardI gave up on the course many times because of thisHow do write Sqrt(5) for instance ? 5x must be 5*x or it is not acceptable.I am sorry, this is pretty badThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough material to understand the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really frustrating method of teaching. Class is incredibly slow and does way, way too much simple addition, subtraction, and multiplication to prove extremely basic points for a calculus course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was too advanced for meThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not good in giving lessons with examples that will help a with studying for the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Did not go over determining a point on a graph of g from two functions but had it on the first quizThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing is making sense. None of the videos are related to the quiz. None of the examples are remotely related to the quiz to even give you a suggestion on how to solve them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A total waste of time -- not challenging at all in any aspect. It was quite funny that many word problems were identical with only some parameters changing :) Buckeyes... please, try harder next time :)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lot of typos and glitches, as well as typing in equations being really difficultThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
get new material - new videos these videos for all your classes are years old - the quizes dont relate to the material taught and it seems you guys got this set up years ago and just forgot about itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The excercises should be set up to be more comfortable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not precisely bad, but it's very lacking compared to the other courses in the specialization. Here are my complaints:-Much of the more interesting bits say "check out this other course in bioinformatics for details". Of course, if you aren't registered for that other course, you don't have access to those materials.-Not a lot of thought went into the homeworks. All of them are "implement this. Here is some pseudocode", with no "think about a problem that can be solved with the same ideas", like the other courses in the specialization (which are, in my opinion, much better).-We saw 4 algorithms for string matching (KMP, Rabin-Karp, suffix array matching, Burrow-Wheeler's transform), but virtually no discussion on when to use each one, strengths and weaknesses, and so on. Also, no Boyer-Moore?-After passing all test cases for a homework, we should be able to download a solution with the correct implementation, in order to improve our own.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's better to watch the Youtube videos to understand the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Test errors, no answers from staff on forums, poor narration at times, audio scripts that do not quite correspond to what is being said... It needs careful reviewing and more user-friendly features being introduced by the organisers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointing course. Far too much repetition. A lot of opinion based on scant evidence. It would have been much better as a 30 minute video without all the fluff and unsubstantiated inferences. I would not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The last assignment is a time-waster and really poorly designed. Not all adults are into coloring; this is not elementary school and what's the point of coloring a picture of the Arch for you? Frankly I can't be bothered to look up sources for the descriptions of Roman soldiers' attire, and especially to figure what each number is pointing to. It wasn't even always clear what the numbers on the template referred to and two of the numbers were missing. In addition, there were a lot of glitches with the grading software. Finally our questions were almost never answered. Otherwise I found this to be an interesting course and I learned quite a bit from it, although it could have been condensed into three or four classes at the very most. The video lectures were videotaped a bit strangely, with Professor Fine often seeming to talk to an invisible person on the right or the left of the camera, instead of at the viewer. The videos I liked were mostly the office hours ones and the one with the interview with Rabbi Elliot Cosgrove at Park Avenue Synagogue. I could have gotten a very good grade on this course, but the last assignment ruined that. No, I will not be recommending this course or any others by this Professor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many generalities and roundabouts and little real detail.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is badly structured, with proposed tasks not being well oriented, and videos where teachers are constantly doubting and making mistakes. Not really happy with it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are serious issues in the IT infrastructure for this Online Course. Coursera needs to upgrade their IT infrastructure for it to be real time. You may go through the threads in Help for more information and issues posted by other users.Apart from this, it is extremely difficult to communicate with someone in Coursera regarding anything and in any form, i.e email, live chat, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first courses are great.Unfortunately, the course that covered the installation (week 2 - "create your first basic application with android studio") got me lost.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very sorry to say that the course is very poor in english (speaking), too bad you do not teach the course in french this could be useful for a lots of french speaking students and better for the quality of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor's explanation is not orderly nor structured, and with a lot of 'noises'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i was very excited at the beginning of the coursebut when i figure out that i must paid for unlock some important lecturei really felt disappointed i thought i should only paid if i want to took the Certificatei had been wasted some time at this coursenow i have to search for another course but complete one this time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor material, terrible french accent, not a good Android course at all.I don't raccoment it unless you're a total novice at Android development.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Explanation of concept was poorThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course if well-organized and the instructors do a very good job. However, three weeks of slides and theory and then only the last two weeks of seeing code hardly makes the course project-centered in my mind. Also, requiring learners to upgrade to run an autograder on a quiz is ridiculous!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The free version of the course is far more restricted than other courses I've taken, the content wasn't brilliant, and it wasn't really more advanced than other tutorials with far better presenters which can be found online for freeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought it was free. I might was well go to Google to learn Android development.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You really need prior coding experience to understand the training. I also was very disappointed in the teaching. We have an incredible opportunity to improve education, and I feel that this course is merely an extension of current learning techniques. It was extremely difficult for me to fully participate without paying. I was using this course to make a specific android app to control my wheelchair. I act as an analyst for my programmer husband. So I fully understand code architecture, but absolutely hate coding by hand. This course glossed over coding however it is far more code intensive then I was led to believe.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is real boring I just learned thatThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not exciting, instructor too stiff and looked like reading a paperThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Can't finish even week 1 if you don't payThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It uses mixed material from other platforms meant for pure Python programming learning, jumps between sections in the external platform going forward and back so its pretty confusing to find problems involving content that you have no chance to know if you do not have previous experience with python. I would not recommend this course for beginners in programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very badly linked with other websites that provide the actual content. This is more like a click-bait setup than the actual course. I'm not sure why it's even offered on Coursera, other than to make money on a more popular website using the content hosted by less popular one. Very bad experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Frustrating as hell. Too much math and computer coding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Again a course that comes with very simple (and not always good prepared) video lectures but for recieving a grade an enormous math knowledge is necessary, with no further help givenThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much time required. The first Quiz had almost nothing covered in the video lectures. I saved all transcripts and was unable to answer the questions. The Sim's... I have never seen anything like that and again - it most certainly wasn't covered in the lectures. Disappointed in this course. It took 3 hours for each segment of the first week... not 3 to 4 as was stated. Leaving this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didnt find it very interesting because of language interpretation issues. The content was good though!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the lecture is pretty basic and general compared with the other lectures in the Marketing Mix Implementation course. Many examples were suggested, but I think it would be better if there were more international brands rather than Spanish brands. There were many errors in subtitles. I would appreciate if they were double checked before release.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the quality of this course is very low, and the content are not interesting and useful at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizzes kept requiring information that was oddly specific (needing an exact decimal number without multiple choice options), which would have been okay except that it was not covered in the lectures. Ended up dropping course because there is no way to get through the quizzes if the information is not covered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very bad courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor explanation and very complicated topics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is supposed to be the most interesting, and most challenged one of this specialization. However i am quite disappointed with the instructor and the contents he put together. He speaks too fast without much clarity, and worst of all, i can tell most of the time he reads from the scripts without really conveying much knowledge about the contents.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was unhappy with this. It was clear that this course was pulled together from a superset of other material, and that it was not checked for consistency or completeness. The students were tested on their ability to write down a specific phrase from a video rather than on application of the principles learned from utilization of the graph database tools. (Broccoli -- REALLY???)Further, the lack of response to questions posted in the forum indicates a lack of engagement from instructors and / or facilitators.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First week of 3 min video. Seriously we want to dive into the subject. And the last two weeks should have more content. Felt like much more copy and paste without understanding why you did that. Understand this should be introduction to Big Data... But the price you pay for the introduction is too expensive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material on graph analytics was of introductory level. A string of interesting ideas, with unclear explanations. The lesson on GraphX was basically a copy-paste introduction to it's abilities without actually teaching how to use it. The transcripts are full of mistakes. Someone not proficient in English or hard of hearing would be confused by them. It was somewhat difficult to understand the main lecturer. The best part was the explanation of Neo4j - and it was at an introductory level. A disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much technical. I would have preferred high level generic concepts. Also, the exercises were quite tricky for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very engaging. Information overflow and poorly delivered lectures where the instructor is just reading from slides. I don't recommend paying for this, it is better to just check out the syllabus and read about this stuff online.Note to instructor: Very simple concepts were explained using overly complicated language. Also, please refrain from over using the word 'essentially'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course lectures don't seem to match up with the questions on the quiz. It is also not clear if the typed in answers are not read by the program correctly or if the answers do not match what the instructor is looking for, in any case the 3 weeks quiz is very difficult to figure out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The slides are unclear and very very ugly and old style.The assignment is very specific to Linux based machine.Only one programming assignment.More theory than practices.The QCMs don't really help understand. They are just about remembering values.I woudn't recommande this course since it is more like a book then it is like a course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is not for beginners and WinForm lovers. This is real re-branding yourself. I would say path to reborn to what real open source world is living in. Low or no help from course instructor, community or google. Course comes in huge amount of concentrated videos. 7 hardest assignments. I would give up on the beginning but commitment is top of all. I respect anyone who has completed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the test is terrible and teacher is just reading the ppt. boringThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Can't actually be done as a free course, like others on the site; you have to pay just to get a quiz grade.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
good course and well presented by both.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Subtitles were bad not in sync with the words of the professor and were wrong in many cases.Delivery of lecture and Visuals of the lecture was Ok.Module 4& 5 were very confusing and not interestingThank You Professor for your time and effortThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I cannot take the quizzes, because of money. The other courses let us take the quizzes without paying money. I dislike you paying policy. Please, let us take the tests without money payment.Sincerely,GarikThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Okay course. Techniques and content are a bit too traditional.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It would be nice to see more detailed explanation instead of reading the lines in slides. Also there is less practical content for real time usageThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the content is simple, I think the course is just for watching during the break.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only an introduction which was also not proper.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its very boring. Just someone reading off slides. One could read from a book instead. No examples or explanation to the information on the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The touch on a lot of topics, but do not provide nearly enough information to make it worth staying through the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it is very basic course just giving the introduction to a layman.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Presenter is reading the slides. I feel I would have been able to learn as much by just reading the slides.CDN course is a bit more visual, with some maps and charts used during the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very pedantic. course teacher just repeats the information on the slides verbatim. an interesting subject is made quite dull. would request more emphasis be put on presentation skills as the course material seems ok for a refresherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The way the content is delivered is not interesting. And the lecturer basically is reading from the power pointThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor context, no real examples. The guy just reads what is written on the slides without further explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very high level syllabuses, limited application description of BD, poor quiz and questions designedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's almost desk work, not practical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The contents of PPTs are just read out in the video lectures. It's as good as providing only the PPTs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
nice teacher but the course is too succint.Each lecture is very short and theoritical with little visual content. the course could/should be more detailed and a section of the course should relate to backyard chicken farming as well. i wish there also had been a section on how to recognise different illnesses in chickens and demonstration on how to humanely kill a chicken for example.I enjoyed the course for what it was but i wish it had been taught with far more depth and breadthThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The information is not presented well and the math is not always taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor lectures, inaccurate and incomplete information. Narrative about changing colors is reminiscent of Sal Khan. I just can't listen to any more of this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Redundant, poor explanations and a complete lack of examples about the general concepts and the foundations of this discipline. The interaction between the teacher and the slides is limited to a reading exercise that does not provide any add value at all. Very dissapointed and still wondering if this course is worth my attention -and extremely limited time- or not. Plenty of room for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have sat through 4 of the lessons and I am not very impressed. I fell that the topic is very interesting, but the professor does not do a very good job explaining the algorithms. It may be because I do no have the textbook, but overall a rather poor course. There need to be a little more explanation beyond the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too theoretical without enough practical quiz and assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just read the slide., The presentations add very little since the presenter is (stumbling) over just reading the text on the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This seemed more appropriate for a startup, and most of the content was rudimentaryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The explanation of roles is clear. So are other remarkt / piffalls / do's and don'ts. But those are valid for all specialist functionsCouple of remarks:(1) The target audience seems to be the data manager, rather than any executive (C/ C-1 level) of function (HR) dealing with building a data science team.(2) With regard to management and organizing, I missed the "academic" level (organisational design) nor did it help in setting up data science (where / how to start ?).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm not sure if the material presented in this course warranted a whole separate course (even if it only was one week). It probably could have been inserted in various segments of a larger data science specialization throughout the classes. Most of the topics discussed should be common knowledge to a mid-level manager of data science or even strategic marketing in general.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Rudimentary HR / new supervisor level information. Not specific to Data Science either.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This material is important, but the assessment quizzes were tedious as the right answer often hung on some small obscure remark that was hard to recall.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion this course does not fit to the specialization well. Not sure how big proportion of the specialization students have a background different from data science and are going to manage the data science team.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
information is useful. But, still, it is a shame to split one month course to 4.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sometimes hard to understand the speakers.The medical knowledge is also assumed to be relatively high, with no references to some of the terminology and background reading material that can bring one up to speed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course deserves no starts. There were no instructors answering the many questions raised by the students. There were no explanations for wrong answers, and so no opportunity to learn. I was helping other students understand the assignments, and spent extra time grading submissions as no teaching assistants were available to help.There were a couple of very good teachers in the specialization, however the structure is critically flawed and your time would be better spent studying on your own.Avoid not just the capstone, but this entire series.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The capstone, just like the courses of the specialization are a strong illustration of the problems of higher ed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad course. Things mentioned by the instructors are naive. According to my knowledge (my knowledge about Chinese philosophy come from A History of Chinese Philosophy, Youlan Feng; History of Chinese Philosophy, Sze-kwang Lao), that is not Chinese philosophy at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some profs are very good, some are terrible. The terrible ones need to improve their teaching skills and even language skills. As a native Chinese speaker, I find some of the lectures very boring.Good lectures are clear, concise, and right to the point.Good teachers make the learning experience effortless and fun, poor teachers make it like a torture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really far from the courses by NTU...quite disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course has very interesting information but it needs a way better format. It needs agile presentations, better, infographics, graphics and design and to be much more flexible and fun.I have not finished it but it does not make me get involved in the content even it is very interesting.It needs a better script and handling of the information to be able to conect with new students.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed with the information provided. I went through the second week, completing all assignments and quizzes, but did not learn anything new. Most of the information provided is common knowledge anymore. I was also a little put off by the frequent self promotions by the instructor, in reference to his treatment center, organizations and book. I am withdrawing from the class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although very interesting and very innovative in its presentation I had the feeling this course was an introduction to the Master program at the UNIGE, rather than a stand alone course. At times it was difficult to comprehend the speakers. I would have preferred deepening of one aspect of this topic rather than such a broad approach.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the course so far is interesting - and to be fair, I've only completed the first week of this course.Unfortunately, the combination of multiple lecturers within one part of a lesson (often with highly varying accents, reading verbatim from lecture notes) makes the presentation of the course material come off as very stiff, over-directed, and hard to understand. It's hard to adapt to the idiosyncrasies and lecturing style of a new person in a four minute video, at which point you get a whole new lecturer and have to start the process over again.A maximum of two or three lecturers for the entirety of the course (perhaps with the occasional guest speaker) would be helpful. Also, either allowing the them to deliver the course material in their native languages with English subtitles, or perhaps having them record the course material in English in something similar to a classroom environment where they're accustomed to lecturing, would make things infinitely easier to follow.This 'too many cooks in the kitchen' issue is what I also suspect happened with the week one quiz. I do not know who generates the quiz questions but they seemed to require a lot of mental gymnastics for a multiple choice quiz. Perhaps on my end there could be a cultural misunderstanding in how a quiz checks your knowledge of the source material? Let me put it this way: in my previous university studies, I have never taken a multiple choice quiz where the question starts as 'In your opinion...'Sadly, I will probably drop this class - but the course has sparked enough of an interest where I will probably be picking up some books or doing some informal research on my own about this topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It absolutely amazing course , I personally benefit a lot. really it's not just the certificate .Thank you Coursera for this huge chance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very slow and dull course. Lost my interest Half way.Probably a course for non-native English speaking students.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic stuff. Assignments can be done only in the paid version, but as it's so basic and everything is peer graded for me the course isn't worth the money (compared to other paid language learning classes online or in-person).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I learned very little from the course. The tests were easy. But that's because there was little to be learned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very poor. even though for the most part I found the videos engaging, the course's overall structure doesn't help to 'read the novel together', as is stated in the title. the quizes are poorly written, even for me, a native russian speaker, it was often hard to understand the questions, and sometimes its plain guess work on the opinions of the course authors. often a required number of answers to pass a quiz is the same as the total number of questions in that same quiz. the essay's topics rarely correspond with the actual reading of the book. for the very first week the essay required knowledge of the book that hasn't been read yet by the participants. or it should be stated that one needs to read the book prior to taking the course. then again that would require the change of the course's name.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
bad course .. teaching was poor... assignments were very high level.. but teachings very of low profileThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are unpolished and hard to follow, especially as the captions are inaccurate. The mathematics in the course are not explained clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Need a good foundation with knowledge of calculus(integrals), electrical engineering and wave and acoustics. Not just a course to pick up for fun.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures have very poor teaching skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course offered many interesting ideas about flipping school classrooms, but offered no suggestions about the practical methods to do so. As a teacher, I need to have realistic suggestions about the technology necessary to flip my math class, not a series of testimonials about how great it's going to be once my class is flipped.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not find that this course added anything to what I already learned. Seems mainly a re-hash of prior material slimly disguising marketing pitch of other Northwestern courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not as good as the others and way too quickThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What I liked: Materials have quality and a professional approach. Speakers add value to the discussion. Toolkit is important.What I didn't like: This course, as most of Northwestern courses, is excessively short in video lectures per module. In this course each module had about 20 to 30 minutes of videos per module. That is clearly insufficient. Most courses in Wharton's, U. Michigan's and Illinoi's specializations in Coursera, have more video materials per module, than your courses in totality... 1.5 to 3 hours per module in the three institutions mentioned in average per module against about 2 hours of videos on all your course modules combined. That is a serious and very salient gap, that I think you should reflect on. In my opinion, quality MOOC's either singular courses, either specializations have to be very well balanced in content - both in quality and quantity. Your courses have very reasonable quality, but fails completely in quantity. As competition in the online e-learning domain increases at an impressive speed, you should benchmark what I mentioned above and do something about it, or probably after 2/3 runs of your courses, people with churn for more addedd value offerings in the dimensions that I pointed out.Good luck.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While course uses a genie method for presentation the content, Quizzes are just made to accomplish one goal: to make sure you have memorized every small detail haven said in the course. Even if someone memorizes the details like specific names and dates, for how long he/she is going to keep it in mind? 2 days? On week?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The structure of the lectures is not really effective.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I founded so basic, I didn't feel engaged to continued.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great idea but unprofessional design and programming.Looks like nobody double-checked it before starts to offer it, especially for money.Almost every Quiz and separate questions has programming bugs.Waiting for ver 2 ASAP.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this course because the video lessons are quite poor. The teacher mostly reads notes from his iPad without a proper presentation or some kind of text.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course covers very useful and interesting topics, not in very much detail though. It is useful to begin with the topics, but it is really not more that a thin introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lots of theoretical information but very little practical information about what to do with people with Autism Spectrum DisorderThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Aimed at those needing to get services -- in a spectrum of family living. Too much on California systems, not enough on direct coping with day-to-day.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lightweight and marginally informative. While it is clearly aimed at a lay audience, a deeper presentation of the scientific foundations of the disorder is sorely needed. If you're interested in the etiology of autism, you'll need to look elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Short, superficial, and sometimes even condescending towards people with ASD.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found it very easy. But if you do not know anything about Autism, I think you might would contribute from it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is informative and introductory. It has a value in generating a general awareness about ASD. It would be useful for parents and learners who are new to disability issues. The content can be used for introducing and familiarizing with clinical practice with ASD. But this course has the limitation on following grounds1. The contents of the course are coloured with medical perspective and with pathological view point2. At some point this course appeared like an advertisement for the institute and its research work3. This course tried to cover too many things like theory, practice, research, experience and so on. But at the end it failed to do justice all4. Finally the contents are infected with virus of medicine, market and military science. Terms such as intervention, package, therapy so many terminology. The unfaithful use of "social" in few instance look like an altruism to social science by dominant discipline.I am sure that this course has market. Evidence based research/ practice will corroborate it. Best wishesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was really, really hoping that this course would be educational. I personally work with an individual with AS and I excepted to have a better insight into some of the things he goes through. So far, however, I have found many of the lectures condescending. As a person with a disability I find it highly offensive when people speak like they're doing the person with whatever kind of disability a favor for even helping them. People with disabilities are just that, people.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the videos are too longassignments are difficultand dr asfahani is not like dr larryi loved dr larry much moredr asfahani is not interesting in his presentations at allThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good material, fair presentation, too many peer evaluations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lots of overlap in the videos, not a lot of information on C++ features, too few hands-on activities with the features taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Peer to peer assignments are really slow and due time dependent.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poorly designed course material. Everything has been split up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor speaks too slow and sometimes hardly audible with my earphones plugged in with 100% sound. Incredibly slow paced. Coffee must!!! Too much of story and history and introduction. Much less material presented for concepts shown. Much of the lecture time is wasted on things which does not matter, for example Djikstra shortest path... I would be more interested to know about the algorithm than a huge lecture on who is Djikstra, and also would like to have some exercise to implement the same and realise. Very unsatisfied with the course. But there is no other courses offered for C++ programming language in English Language. Not worth the time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
- Assumptions about the student are not clear, before starting the course.Instructor examples are not practical in all contexts.Jump to dijkstra in very second week, without clarity on major C++ concepts and examples, is too much an expectation from the student switching from C to C++ for the first time.Confusion with deadline for assignments.too many lectures during later week courses, as if the effort is to crunch everything in that week and complete the course.If its spaced properly with examples and problems over few more weeks, it would help.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am highly disappointed with the policy of providing the homework only to the paid participants. It seems this is gearing towards another means of making bussiness when it comes to education.I understand that grading and providing feedback requires effort and the fees charged is required to the cover those cost, but like before we must have an option to get access to the homework, allowing us to apply our learning while it maybe be acceptable not to have any feedback or certificate on the course completion.Currently, the closed homework policy goes against the basic objectives of MOOC and I hope it is reconsidered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor speaks too slow. Teaching concepts that are not valid anymore. e.g. prefer inline over function call, const vs #define, declaring variable anywhere in the code etc...The topics are too small and too much time is devoted to them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've already written a review for part 1 and I have the same opinion about this one. The course is rather poor and not challenging. Only general information about relevant topics that as well read on wikipedia. No exercises, no code assignments. A lot of this content was repeated from first two parts of this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizzes are trivial. Makes the certification worthless.Prof. Campbell is not a good lecturer.The topics are treated mostly superficially, then suddenly go into too much detail sometimes (how to use IntelliJ IDEA, machine learning).Subtitles are very buggy.I enjoyed Mr. Farivar's talks much more, it seems like he knows what he is talking about and his presentations are well structured.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course brings lots of information, but the assessments are not at all creative, so it becomes a lot of theory with little practice.El curso trae mucha información, pero las actividades no son ní un poco creativas. Entonces se converte en mucha teoria con poca practica.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Needed of specific information to now how to be more creative in schools as profesionalesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had a very poor experience being graded by peers. Although the Capstone Project Assignment itself is EXCELLENT, the peer grading rubric is not. I was not fairly graded, and I am sure of this 100%.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the lessons were too long in duration and i was really bored because the teaching didn't have anything engaging me to be more eager to listen and all the slides were with the same background and design and there were no pictures or animation or fun stuff to create some kind of diversity in the progress of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very much in depth and does not offer complete lecture notes, which are necessary for answering the quizzes...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I get lost a bit too often.The teacher sometimes explains easy concepts and omits the difficult ones (e.g. exponential distribution is explained as "for example if you are waiting for a bus that comes every ten minutes" and then he tells you how to compute expected value and moves on, but he does not say WHAT IT MEANS - is it the probability that I will meet an oncoming bus? is it probability of waiting ten minutes for the bus? is it the average waiting time? is it average number of buses that come every hour? - but there is detailed explanation of what A squared means in lesson two (!))The teacher often makes me confused as to where he got the numbers he is plugging in the formula or what answer the formula gives.But I take it as a challenge and I intend to finish the course despite all of that. Sometimes it is fun to decipher the mystic equations. And maybe it is me, maybe I was not born to be a statistician. Maybe there are people that find this stuff easy and understand it right away.I really like the quizes. They are HARD.One last thing: Wearing white shirt and using white marker makes it impossible to read what he writes. But I take it is part of the challenge ;-)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you already know everything about the topic and just forgot some little things or you are very strong in calculus, this may be a nice refresher. Otherwise, not very useful. Really dense and little explanation. I liked the Youtube MIT course on Probability (it includes Bayesian Statistics) much more, since it has good explanation of the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some matters were just given formulas and there was a lack of practice. The course should cover less materials or be longer to be effective in teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have studied some Bayesian Statistics before. I feel like the materials itself is not sufficient for entry level, and will actually confuse some of the learners. Anyway, this is just my two cents. :)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No TA, staff or instructor presence during the whole course. Students are left to their own devices.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the rating for the whole specialization.1) Some course are nice and well done, but probably only 2-3 of the 9 (The entrepreneur one is really well done). But most of them are simply useless.2) It's too long. For the same amount of knowledge, I could have done just 3 WELL DONE courses.3) Most of courses are just things people read in front of a screen, without any passion or interest. And the concept are so easy I am wandering if they need to be teached at all.4) The exam are just sloppy. Even a monkey that didn't watch the video could answer them (sometimes I try to do the same and it works. If I already know what you will ask me, which kind of knowledge are you supposed to teach me?),5) About this project, the instructions are messed up.In the end, I finish it because it was my first specialization, and I was lucky enough to do the interesting one at the beginning, so I feel compelled to end it, but really, I am not sure It was worth my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Complete garbage...items not really presented in relevant details with respect to standard industry practices. What you will learn here is not how things are done on the job.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seems like the team have tried to do the whole course in one take! Perhaps some practice would have been in order? at least to work out what they are going to say next.... content is ok so far but delivery is tough to listen to.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very applicable -just a bunch of concepts.It feels like a very disorganised course.Paul Harris is extremely repetitive and takes so much time to get to the point. Sometimes he over-explains unnecessary things. His lectures need serious upgrade.Lecturers speak too slow, I have to use the 1.5x speed not to fall asleep.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was a very disappointing experience since it is designed around depending on peer reviewed assignments that don't get graded. I have been waiting for over 3 months for the 1st assignment to get regraded.In the future I suggest the creators of this course stay away from peer graded assignment as it puts students in a position where their grade depends on others and not the knowledge the student acquires from the course content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not recommend this course. It did not fill my expectations. I am not able to create application for mobile phone after finishing it.First 4 modules were somehow useful but since module 5 onward it is just waste of time, I did not learn anything useful, I did not learn how to code. Advices for sources were very shallow and it was not shown how to work with them. I could gain same information with basic search engine request.The teacher is nice and willing to give information to students. But unfortunatelly he did not prepare for recordings of videos. His speeches lacked structure and focus. Very often he was lost in talking and he often re-explained (in detail) staff which was already explained in previous videos. This caused that videos were too long considering the amount of knowledge that was provided to students and watching them was waste of time.The course was shallow, information did not go deep. Students participation was not supported (nor required) after 1 module.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting concept.However, in my opinion, there is sometimes a lack of :- practice especially for the coding part (entire courses are exclusively theoretical)- explanations (during the courses, I have heard several times this sentence : "don't ask me why", which is disappointing in my learner experience and frustrating not to get the answers I was expecting.)- subject mastering (the "teacher" seems to be lost sometimes and admits not being able to explain some parts of the course, which may confuse and demotivate learners not knowing exactly what they are being teached and how it works.Moreover, in the courses covering database subject, security issues are involved. Example week 6 - c video how to send a ROAR from the app to the internet)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This Course is very easy to learn, all it's themes are so good explained.I'm sorry but I might to change the RATE of this course.All went well until the course started reading the explanation of code , after that ... I lost , and I could not continue , because It just came out of nowhere , coding , there wasn't a previous step that says , we will encode here , or are we going to do this somewhere ... just appeared and disappeared as it appeared ... ... we were very well ... but I can not say much more !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't understand why this guy is trying to teach me if he doesn't know how to code?!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think that it would be a good idea to improve the grader, release more informative assignment information (take a look at the Algorithms course for example) and lecture materials in pdf format.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures were extremely good, but assignments and graders were very low quality and difficult to decipher requirements from. Professors and TAs were not active in the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Inattentive lectures. There're only a few videos that are worth watching. You need to be prepared for wasting a lot of time for programming assignments -- it's not because the assignments are tough but because of poor descriptions and out of sync with lectures. If you're interested, just download the online material (not videos) and read through it. Much better than wasting your time with the lecture videos and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week three quiz is real bad. I suggest you give it a try and see for yourself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Taking this course in January/ February 2017, I found it to be jumbled, out-dated and frustrating.Materials are presented in a chaotic, roundabout way, which is neither chronological nor thematic, leaving huge lacunae. The initial lecture started with an entirely uncontextualised location-visit to Lewes, and mention of the Battle of Lewes in the Barons' War, with plenty of merry jumping over the *rather more important* Magna Carta. In later lectures, there is similar dancing around the English Civil War, which is shocking, given its constitutional importance... and then lots of vague, hand-wavy references to European law. I understand that these lectures were filmed before last summer's shock result in the EU referendum, but - honestly - would it have killed Professor Gearey to have discussed the context and possible implications of the referendum? By contrast, I'm currently following a Futurelearn course which is a repeat iteration of the original material (that's how online courses are viable - I understand that) BUT which the educator cared about enough to updated with topical material from the very week in which we were following it (Week 1 of President Trump)!It would have been far better to have gone into the Common Law course with clear historical anchors (e.g. Magna Carta, Civil War, Great Reform Act, EU membership), which would have given a proper framework for studying the development of common law, through cases and precedent. Instead, we get Professor Gearey sliiiiiiding into half a dozen subjects per lecture and then "leaving that question there for a later lecture."I must mention that other lecturer is much more coherent, and that he talks sensibly through various cases, actually demonstrating how precedent works. However, that's just not enough to make up for Professor Gearey's flibbertigibbet style of exposition, which seems to make up the bulk of the course.On a technical level, the un-corrected transcripts of "lectures" were a huge headache, since they didn't make much more sense than the lectures themselves, and at times made even less sense, due to incorrect transcriptions. It was particularly frustrating to have legal references mis-spelled (e.g. "Blackstone" as "Blackspen"), making it difficult to track down better sources to supplement the lectures.I can't actually be bothered to see this course through to the end, and am very glad I didn't purchase it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No slides or writen support to guide the student.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have found this a deeply frustrating experience. The main lecturer, Professor Adam Gearey, clearly knows his subject well but is a terrible communicator. His lectures are poorly constructed, repetitious and sometimes confusing. He seems at times to be delivering the lecture as a stream of consciousness rather than a properly prepared lecture: as a result he sometimes misspeaks himself, for example saying that murder trials are conducted in the High Court rather than the Crown Court, and these errors have not been picked up and corrected. I am forced to wonder whether anybody in the University of London team bothered to quality check these videos. These problems are compounded by the uncorrected subtitles and 'transcripts' of the lectures, obviously done by somebody with no understanding of the subject. It is also frustrating that when I raised these concerns in the weekly discussion forum, I received replies from a volunteer moderator which were so badly written as to be almost unintelligible. This moderator made no attempt to enter into constructive discussion, but told me that 'you cannot say our professor is wrong because you disagree with him' and that I should 'read the sentence properly': in other words, no criticism, however constructive, can be tolerated. Even some of the questions in the quizzes are carelessly constructed: for example, the 'correct' answer to q8 in the final quiz uses the word 'allowed' (which implies an element of discretion) instead of 'required', which would have properly reflected the provision in question (s.6 HRA 1998 - 'the authority could not have acted differently' ). All in all, the presentation of this course falls far short of the academic standards I expected from a university with London's reputation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unnecessary video segment at the start of each lecture is annoying and a total waste of time. The content of the course lacks in substance compared to the "An Introduction to American Law" course. So much time spent on European effect on British law: this is not a course for lawyers, I would presume, but supposed to be an introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really badly organised. Course lectures are interesting however end of section quizes have no relevance to the material taught. There are no external links or additional relevant material attached to even link the question to the lessons taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All talking, don't even have slides to assist with the presentation of materials, also seemed to have focused too much on the European Union/Convention instead of the Common Law itself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
thanks it just needs more timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cheesy. If you mess up in your delivery, press the little button and start over! Needs some judicious editing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not meet my expectations from the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Margaret Meloni was constantly looking down to read directly from a poorly-rehearsed script while trying to stumble through phrasing and lecture points. Considering this is a course about communication, this was very disappointing. The quizzes were vague and either didn't have clear correct answers or didn't feel applicable to the module to which it was assigned. After reviewing the material, I had to complete the quizzes by trial-and-error since the answers were not reflected in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overly-remedial information, but that is not what earns this course such a poor evaluation from me. The poor evaluation comes from the composition of the review quizzes: The end-of-section quizzes ask questions to which there can be more than one correct answer, yet only a single response will receive credit.Example: "A recommended solution to a problem is valued by an executive because..." Followed by four possible answers: One of which is clearly incorrect while one makes an awful assumption. These two choices can be eliminated easily. However, the final two options are BOTH UNARGUABLY CORRECT, but only one was briefly mentioned in the material (reading or video), and thus only that one receives credit.Unfortunately, this demonstrates the course creators' desire to value a student's memorization of the instructor's own unique words over the student's assimilation of the course content and ideas.Course-takers beware, this course seems more tailored to stroking Ms. Bravo's ego than to you actually learning anything of commercial value.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought it was going to be good. Did the first week videos and Lectures. But I feel cheated because it will not let me take the quiz to move on without paying for the course. No where did I ever see anything that said ahead you had to pay -- if you didn't want a certificate or to do the whole specialization. Coursera used to be a platform I used and recommended. No more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The idea of having support with the videos does not work with this course. Also, the exams do not match at all with the information provided. The anwers to the exams are so relative or subjective, and that's a problem for those who does not domain English very well, just like me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too much reading material. Not enough video lectures/ explanations. The professor also needs to speak a little slower for people to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of reading material is unavailable (link does not work or it is behind paywall).I also found the videos lacking. For example, there were 5 important tips and only one was given, before jumping at next topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Brief, high-level ideas. Could use more specific examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the teacher was very welcoming, but the content was less than enough to answer the quizzes. In the quizzes, every answer choice was correct and there wasn't any possible way to discern. What the teacher said and complemented with the lectures didn't match with the question answers. So, my score is "2".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cannot believe UCI have just very short course, compared to san diegi/Duke/Virginia/Copnehagan who have courses worthing thousands of dollars for free as compared to this one. UCI have exception course in objective C which is worth the money to be paid, but this series, are extremely below the expected standardThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There wasn't a lot of information inside the video and the test's questions hade multiple possible answer.However, the links to ressources such as HarvardReview or Inc.com were pretty good and usefull.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected much more information in videos. Instead of that, videos are very short and provide only few information and don't allow us to pass the exams at the end of each module. There are some link to websites where you can learn much more and which are not even written by the professor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a nice "entry level" course lacking a forum discussion... was not even able to report some issue with videos and no explanation provided with quizzes results :/The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Tiny lectures and no readings from professional booksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The test questions are abysmal.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material was well delivered but I found it distracting to go between the video lecture and the additional material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The value of this course is the collection of reading materials that can be found in the same place. The lectures don't add much to the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It very short and brief. I was thinking it will also emphasise and help us to grow our communication skills for the 21st century communication, but it's just a brief explanation of some changes and nothing more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I paid the course and the course seem to be no longer supported, I tried without success to switch session , in summary : You paid and don't get to follow the course, incredible :-( ....... !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is a wonderfulBut the idea of a peer and the final assignment a very badYou need to wait ... for several days and a waste of your time in order to be assessed by other peopleThese people may be incompetent and give you a zero for no reasonAnd lost your effort and your timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not so much live examples full of theories.this has been thought in class it self.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointed by the course content ( except for the 4th week).The course content is US specific which has no relevance for international students. How am I bothered about Obama care or other american statutes?!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too US-centric. Very strange concept of non-monetary benefits. It very common to forgo cash remuneration for non-monetary benefits (mainly for tax advantages) which was largely ignored in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The materials explaining the course are too poor. This is a core course in the specialization.The quizzes are out of the material's leagueThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the last project was very badly positioned and explained. First the Coursera is using Cloudera VM, but if you execute and run the Cloudera Express to set the Cloundera environment up the Coursea exercises do not run There should be a warning!. If you do then the simplest Jupyter exercise it fails - this took me about 10 hours to figure out.Then for the final Project, technically to succeed you must miss country names in all lower case and you cannot match with countries with a 'space' e.g. 'Cape Verdi' and if you try to take any of this into account you do not get the same numbers to pass the test. There needs to be some warning on how to interpret and manage the files so that you get the same numbers being asked for in the test. Again this too me about 10 hours to resolve. Both resolutions ONLY because another colleague is doing the same course and we problem solved together. THIS IS AN AWFUL EXERCISE in frustration due to incomplete details. Not a learning exercise. Just AWFUL....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course and presentations were very informational and good. I enjoyed that aspect. I would have rated the course 4-5 star based on that. The reason for the low rating was the 6th module, and the fact that I felt very ill prepared for the syntax of creating all the operations in Spark (building out the Jupiter notebook). We really did not cover much of that, and it was quite punishing to search the web and sources to make things work. Even the instructions to export the csv file were misleading at best. I have a full time job and a family, I am not some young undergraduate with copious amounts of time to waste. While I am not opposed to some searching of other sources, I would like to have more of the useful information taught so that it is not so much of a burden. I believe that if you are going to test people on something, you should at least cover it in some sense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The VM doesn't work out of the box sometimes for the hands on activitiesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have enrolled in this twice but can't see the course content. Every time I click "go to course" I get directed to the description of the course. Where are the lecture videos and other course content?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor presentation of topics, I don't recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The last assignment of the course is, compared to the others, more difficult. In my case, I ran into several errors which I couldn't get help in solving by using the course Forum, as the end of course deadline was just a few days ahead. I had to analyze the tweet texts for the last graded assignment without using Spark framework (nor any of the other "Big Data" tools explored in the course).I also found some of the videos by PhD. Amarnath Gupta were difficult to understand, his examples were unclear and, in my opinion, too complex and difficult to follow and understand what was the reasoning thread.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I miss a proper buildup from the theory to the practical exercises. Especially the last quiz I found very difficult based on the limited number of exercises presented upfront.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed, no help whatsoever from the staff, Forum is totally worthless. Worst course I ever had on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had many problems with the final two programming assignments with running Spark in the VM and there isn't a lot of help available online.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overall this course does have some good content and delivers big data concepts. However, as others have mentioned some content (especially in early modules) could either be combined or ommited. Key focus areas on Spark and MongoDB are not given enough focus and lab time.The quizes have badly worded questions. Finally the last assignment required to pass the class has bad directions and covers content not reviewed in the class. Spent a frustrating amount of time trying to get what most likely is simple code to work.I'm hoping this particular module is revised. For those just interested in learning Spark or Mongo and not doing the certificate program you can probably get better learning from doing your own research.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizes are inconsistent with given dataset. Questions are bad: i.e. what is the difference between "number of distinct countries mentioned" and "number of countries mentioned in tweets".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I tried giving zero stars. This course is very poor. In particular the last portion of the class wherein you are tested on things that were not taught. If I had wanted to spend hours in google trying to learn this stuff I would not have spent money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course cost too much for the gain of knowledge. Feels like this course could be merge with the first or the third course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Forcing users to install demo software which requires a registration is just too lame.Other than that, courser is very boring, introductory, jumps constantly between things and doesn't explain much. Stack overflow and 2 hours would do a better job.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Weeks 1 &2 were worthwhile. Weeks 3 & 4 were very thin, not really up to expectation based on first course or even first two weeksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If there hadn't been so many hiccups with the videos and quizzes I would recommend this course. However, I lost a great deal of time viewing incomplete videos and trying to complete quizzes covering material that was not addressed or only partially addressed in the videos. Then had to go back and Review all the videos once they had been re-uploaded. It was a very frustrating experience. I lost momentum and even motivation and as a result am now behind with the assignments and quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course started really well and followed on nicely from the first course in the series but I'm really disappointed and frustrated with the video editing issues. Many were fixed but there are still some errors/omissions and the second half of the course was very short of content compared to the rest. Such a shame as I'm sure the writers really know their material and conveyed so well when the content was there. I'm looking forward to the next course and hope the material is all ready to go!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Got lost and left behind very quickly even after watching videos numerous times and doing additional research. There were videos missing even with deadlines approaching. Some videos were very well explained while others I didn't understand at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had really high expectations from the course, I believe but it wasn't upto the mark. All it went through was some basic though I would have expected to go in details esp. for Aperture, Shutter and DOF.I am not sure if that i going to be covered in next unit but having gone though the basics in 1st unit, that was expectation in 2nd unit.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is very poorly explained. The quiz questions don't really test what was taught in the lectures, and the assignments are just copying and pasting things. I feel like I still have a very poor understanding of what was supposedly covered in the course. I cannot generalise or apply the 'learned' information or skills to other topics or researches because I didn't actually understand the core concepts or how to use the programs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Machine learning is too simplified and spark part is not even explained, also very little relation of all course with Big Data.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is another course in UCSD's "Big Data" introductory course. The material is not pertinent to a specialty on big data technologies. Further the course does not increase one's knowledge of Machine Learning in any way that justifies spending the time in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Almost a useless course - ML overview using KNIME which gives no insight whatsoever.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately this course consists of the Professor reading his notes very quickly with rapid listing of concepts and very little time spent explaining complex topics. The quizzes emphasize the terms for various elements of the analysis rather than teaching how to work with the tools to analyze data. There does not seem to be anyone monitoring the course forum and mistakes in quiz questions and questions asked on the forum are not answered or replied to by anyone. I was committed to working with the course but by week 4 it was unfortunately impossible to absorb and there was no way to interact with anyone to get help. I'm sure there is room for improvement on this course and I hope the instructor does work to improve with the course, but currently the course is disappointing as a learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
really... strange. Kind of childish.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only fit for absolute morons and perfect ignorants. No content value whatsoever. I don't understand why Coursera allowed this one to happen to be on the Coursera website.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of the effort in the creation of this course seems to have gone into the visual and acoustic effects of the slides. The first week's material has no substance whatsoever (literally!). The second week' s presentations are just listings of lengthy definitions and "Best practices" which in fact are mostly goals, not practices.With the poor quality of the provided videos, my hope was that the reading would be better. But the second week's reading are uncommented links to a 270 page NIST document, an Open Online Course(!!!) and OWASP material.At this point it is clear that continuing the course is not going to help me in the way I would expect it from a course. When I compare this to the excellent Software Security course of Michael Hicks (University of Maryland) , which I also attend on Coursera, there are worlds between both.I understand that "Cybersecurity and its Ten Domains" addresses students with less prior knowledge, but especially for such students I would expect a much better didactic approach.One star seems harsh, but after the first two weeks, the only words I find for this are: "seriously?"The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is very weak, sounds that are used very annoying...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very helpful, very stessfull music and only read definitions, do discussion or explanations to go deeper into the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The design of this course seems rather lazy. There should have been more meaningful contents and discussions in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No content, essentially you just read a textbook. The videos are about 5 minutes per week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content very light, near of empty course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This Course is a total scam. In doubt? Sign up for the free version and go watch the videos. Each video is only 1-2 minutes long, so you can watch all 7 weeks in half an hour ( speed 1.5). O, I forgot they also include a link to a 4 years old TED talk, FUn but not really relevant.This course is a disgrace to Coursera. It ought to be removed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not recommend. Very basic and videos are only 2 - 3 minutes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had some issues with this course which is why I rated it a 2.First off, let me start by saying this is a very good overview of what the Cybersecurity Terms are, but I wish it went deeper into the subject.1. Having to pay just to take the quizzes for an overview course is kind of a joke. I could see asking for money if you went into more detail information regarding each lesson, but just telling me what each term means and then pointing me to a website, then asking for 50 bucks is kind of cheap considering no in-depth information was ever given.2. Why did you have all of those people that are in the field of cybersecurity just read off a list of terms? You could have done that, kind of a waste of time for those other people. I am guessing that you had to pay them. Which would explain why you are asking 50 dollars just to take the quizzes.3. Where was the real life experience? Explain to me the most common mistakes people make with each of the different type of networks as securities. That would at least be worth 50 dollars, for some real world practical use. I could have easily googled these terms and have in the past. I thought it would contain more detailed information about the subject considering is technically an online course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the only reason to take this course is because the certification will look good on your resume. don't expect to learn anything new if you are already in IT or related field. i passed the tests without going over the material. there is a shortage of original content, although their graphics and effects department did a good job, and mostly they expect you to read outside resources.audit the course for free to get familiar with the content but only pay if you need the certification for professional reasons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I DON'T recommend this course AT ALL. This college doesn't spend much effort to structure this course - just putting short videos (less than 10mins in total per a week) and external references (which someone else wrote). The assignments are just open discussion among students and have ourselves evaluate with each other. I haven't learn anything from this course. It's just a waste of time and money. Coursera should inspect this course otherwise these skeptical courses can deteriorate the reputation of this MOOC platform - I love the other courses/specializations provided by other universities though,The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
3 introduction videos each week, and tons of links for reading?Do not want.The worst course I ever took.Not enough Video material with good explanations. All we got - links to articles which we can found ourselves without any help.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No useful info for meThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too short lectures;The study material is not properly defined, only entire books to read as reference;The tasks/tests are all literal parts of the books to complete, no understanding of the subject is motivated, but memorizing and tiring reading of books without proper directions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The high video production values of this course fail to hide the abysmal lack of content. With approximately 4 mins per week of video charging $49 for this course is a disgrace. Potential students should save their money and read the relevant Wikipedia pages.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected much more. The course material is really weak, did not improve my knowledge about Cyber Security. I am very disappointed, also cos I payed 30 dollars to a certificate. I do not recommend this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not a course - each session is 4 mins or less...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring course... useless videos... only the referential resources and exercises are goodThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A collection of links to other sites and short and highly generic videosThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor video lessons. The course is sustained by the reading material alone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the poorest Coursera course I have participated in. Very few and short videoes that only scratches the surface of Cybersecurity. Instead you are directed to massive amounts of readings with no guidance on what should be read. To read it all includes sometimes +1000 pages for one week (not going to happen). I ended up just reading the introduction, glancing through the texts and searching for the answers for the quiz.This course totally miss the purpose and potential of MOOCs and the great Coursera platform. It's a shame.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly made very short videos that do not explain the subject matter, some of the content is outdated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is for an overview of many aspects of cybersecurity. There are many resources to read, videos that briefly discuss concepts of the week. Then there are quizzes and discussions with the topic of the week, doing the possibility at the student to talk about that and post his idea for assimilate concepts and reaching goals of the course. This is useful also for discuss with other students and how your ideas is viewed.I think there is a very basic course in his entire length, with more reading lectures at academic or professional level not for a beginner. it can be adding videos with more length and in-depth that in a easy way the ten domain about cybersecurity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very broad with no real depth. Basically a very light summary of what cybersecurity is. You could watch all of the videos in 30 min probably. The real course comes from the reading and peer discussions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not prepared as well. You see several video with animated presentation and typical (vocabulary) terms.It is not for beginners because in course you didn't find answers.It is not for pros because in course you didn't find interesting material.Hope that instructors can change course to better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish they spent more time on the content of videos and less on the silly effects and 30-second intro and outro sequences. Practically every question of the final comes word-for-word from a book not assigned in the module readings and not available for free to students for them to study. I won't be taking any other courses from this school if this course was an indication of quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't like it. It's all theoretical and there isn't any practice.Also, they didn't send me an accomplishment like the other courses that I already done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is my first course in coursera.Cons:Information redundancy, unnecessary required reading.Extend some information that only need few hours to study to a 6 weeks courses.Pros:There are some useful basic concepts & framesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have utilized video lectures more. Questions on final exam did not seem to relate to materials covered in course. Course seems to just comprise 1 or 2 minute long video lectures and then direct students to vast amounts of online reading material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos way too short, annoying music/animations, lots of stereotypes (floating 0's and 1's, really?).This doesn't seem like a serious course provided by a university.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos are too short, without enough information about the topics. You have to read a lot, Actually, this course doesn't look like as others Coursera's courses and I don't recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
all on demand flow are bad. difficult to follow and see where we are and what is left...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too elementary. I would recommend this course for non-technical managers or security/coding beginners under the age of 13.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not find the lectures at all informative and the readings were not targeted enough to understand what items required focus and what information was more background. I did not find the course especially helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos seemed disjointed. Assignments were marked inconsistently. Did not find the subject interesting but the course did give useful insights into the industry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos are very brief - slide presentations of course outline. One has to depend entirely on reading materials to understand the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A new generation of MOOC with REL available for free on the web as teaching ressources!Already got that elsewhere...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Video content barely summarizes the outline of each module. The questions in the quiz are not "though provoking". Peer discussion are rather superficial and do not cover half the content of the course.Readings are OK, show good sources, but there is no real discussion about them in the videos or in the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pretty average and way too short/fast paced videos. Felt like it was put together on the fly. I don't usually review but this was not great, the reading material they linked to was the best content overall.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos and documents are not balanced with the quizzes. The quiz questions are sometimes verbatim sentences from one book with a missing word - which I find hardly a test of acquired knowledge. The course must rise above only a few definitions and rough concepts. Most of the video's hardly offer insights - they last only 2 minutes and cover a few of those definitions. This course has a lot of potential, but in its current format and content it was a disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the videos are just some engineer citing with some brief headline of security, it's lacking of depth and explanation, totally wasting my time !!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm going to try to continue to the end but the first three weeks is probably 15 minutes of videos with the most annoying music available playing for way too much of the content. I also didn't need to watch 10 seconds of an animated caveman grunting and smashing things on the screen. I would probably enjoy that part more if I felt that the information that is supposed to be learned over three weeks was more information than 5 pages in a book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One of the absolute worst final exams I've ever seen. Vague questions coupled with synonymous answers form a frustrating experience that ruins an otherwise decent entry in security topics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Minimal video efforts, not enough content, and long readings. Definetly not a good course to get a verified certificateThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Short lectures, long intro, ridiculous music. Very quickly decided to learn this elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This required a lot of work with little gained. Some questions, referring to budgets and site layouts, required skills that weren't learned in the course. The 3 word feedback comments I got from all reviewers did not feel like worthy responses to the amount of time I put into this project. Additionally, I was graded negatively by some reviewers without reason, as happened in other sections. Overall, not really worth the money for a paid certificate. Would be nice if maybe for the capstone only, some sort of professional or professor weighed in on your project for some legitimate and helpful critique.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Don't have the certificate to certify that I've undergone the course. It is sad. The content of the course is good. However, without the certificate it feels like all my efforts have gone in vain. Please look into it.I would like to receive the certificate, I am willing to pay for it. But I don't know howThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very confusing course, unclear example, too theoretical (very limited relevancy to business questions)Also, presentation format could be improved (tables are not intuitive to read/understand)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very slow and boring. needs better and more relevant examples. Instruction should be more fast paced.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very confusing subject which could have been better presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't learn many data science concepts in this classThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am a developer and know how to create advanced websites. This course has less use for me as in my day job i create sophisticated websitesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To be honest I don't think this is worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
seemed like a filler, nit are why this was includedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Would like to use the time to learn more machine learning/predictive technique, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This review does not reflect the course content. The new Coursera UI makes it impossible to download transcripts or slides of the videos. Without these features, following the lectures is significantly more difficult, and I can't rate this course any higher than 1 star. I would rate it zero stars if that was possible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To lock assignments for money is disgusting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some of the assignments seemed overly complicated and irrelevant to the topics discussed. On a few occasions the videos would mention something but never discuss the reasoning. Once I posted to the forum and no one answered so I never asked about the other questions I found during the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Tree exercise had absolutely no relevant video material. Videos give zero context for why data structures are important or when they are used....Should take a lesson from the Stanford course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pros:Effort has been taken in putting up the assignments.Cons:Quality of teaching is very poor and too fast to follow through . Instructors have rushed to present course material . I would not recommend this course . Princeton and Stanford offer much higher quality and presentation on the same topics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm honestly quite pissed. The material itself is fine but I have had a terrible experience working with the instructors. I don't think I will continue taking these courses.I don't appreciate the amount of time and effort given into the programming assignments only to receive practically zero help. First of all, I don't know WHY I'm failing the test cases, I just am. Your program runs through maybe 100 tests to ensure correctness but somehow the instructors decide you should only see the first 3. But then, I try posting on the forums to receive help only to have it removed. Quite frankly, I have spent well over 10 hours at this point on a single problem and I've created my own tests and I have looked at all the very vague hints given in the forums and I still have no clue what to do. I have school, a job, and yet I'm losing all this productivity because I'm running all these damn tests hoping on the off-chance that I catch whatever weird bug it is that's failing my code. All I want is real, concrete feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Worse than the first course. I expected something that is not academic-like explanation, which I can't find it here.Please bring back those explanations style similar to the first course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the wording of the assignments really difficult to follow so I didn't really understand what was expected of me. I spend a lot of time (and therefore money!) on this course but in the end I made a conscious decision to stop. I was taking it for personal pleasure and it was not worth the stress each week of trying to work out what was being asked. I have taken a number of other courses in creative writing elsewhere, and other courses on Coursera - this is the first one I have actively chosen to stop because I just wasn't engaging with it - either for education or for enjoyment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Auditing is pretty useless with how this class is updated. I can't get peer reviews so my assignments get zero feedback. Coursera didn't used to be like this.Asked about how to be more involved in class discussions and peer reviews a couple days ago and haven't received feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I couldn't take the instructor seriously. There were too many comparisons to Harry Potter and various three and five act formulas. I wanted something that would be practical and adaptable to the ideas that I'm working on. This just wasn't the right course for me. The assignments felt like they were pointless as well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too prescriptive and prone to lists. "Do these 21 things when editing a novel". If that's what I was looking for, I could search the web for blogs. Maybe this was too beginner focused for me, but I'm not sure I learned anything really useful here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic course with an extremely limited view on what makes a good plot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer reviewed assignments are next to useless, as there is no oversight on them. I think there needs to be a basic comprehension assessment done first, before allowing fellow learners the ability to pass/fail students in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is a little formulaic, had trouble making my submissions follow the structure outlined but still, I learnt some useful tips and actually got to just write something orderly.Liked some of the visiting speakers (the third speaker who talked about character - mature lady, dark hair) was quite good. So was the first gentleman.Overall, the course is ok but given the strict methodology and requirements for writing, I don't know if I'll make it through the specialisation.Thank you for reading!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Felt very much like an exercise in writing-by-numbers. Assignment instructions were too vague and the pass/fail grading system meant lots of classmates were upset that their work was not appreciated or understood. So many people on the course do not have English as a first language that the marking is often erratic. Great that non-native speakers are trying to write in English, enriching the canon, but in those circumstances a pass/fail system seems misguided.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I hope the instructions were cleary and not too vague that it was open to many interpretation. An example would have helped and the rubrics/criteria for grading should have been shown beforehand so students would be guided what points they would consider when making their piece.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material isn't bad, and it does provide some interesting prompts to think and write about. But, the curriculum is not at all creative. It focuses on easily teachable and repeatable lessons that teach a certain, standard way of doing things. It tries to reduce creative writing down to a formula instead of acknowledging that many compelling and successful stories can have almost any imaginable form. If perhaps many types of structures had been emphasized or structures had been pointed out as optional, this would have been mitigated, but the time period is so short that there's no time. The result is a class that feels more like "Writing: How to Make a Formulaic, Sellable Book" than anything with "Creative" in the title.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Undoubtedly the course instructor is very knowledgeable. However I did not take away as much from this course as I would like to. It is mostly theoretical; very limited examples. I also missed the bio in biostatistics. A title like "Mathematical Statistical theory boot camp" would be better suited. I believe having a set of cases that get reused in some form over all lectures would be very beneficial for -at lease mine- understanding the topics. The form of lecturing is not using the benefits that an online platform offers. So instead of short interactive videos, this has slides with lengthy essential spoken word with it; hardly summaries.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
He terribly prepared us for quizes and gave about 4 examples in the entire course. I filled a notebook with about 40 pages of notes, about 3 of which were useful for the quizes. Though content was good, but i found myself looking things up because of his somewhat neive explanations of difficult concept.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very, very, very basic intro. The entire 4 weeks could have (and should have) been condensed into 1 week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i feel that the course need more explanation .. i got really lost in the begging of the HWThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic course, I was able to complete the 4 weeks on content in a weekend. I would recommend skipping this module and moving directly to the R Programming course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very big difficulty for me, French people who uses to speak english everyday for may work is that :1) Teachers don't do any effort to speak slower and to articulate2) As with all other courses I've attended in english, it's impossible to read a transcription, even in english, while reading slides.Slides are not sufficient by themselves, i.e. without commentary beside. The workaround I've used is to print french translation or english transcription and read it, trying to guess which part suited with which slide ...For a non-free course, it's not really professional ...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A simple list of programs that needed to be installed would cover 90% of the course content. Some of this content is also repeated in other courses in the sequence. If you have any technical skills this entire course is extremely tedious.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is really bad structured. As analogy - imagine a cookbook that says: in chapter 8 you'll learn how to cook pies, but here in introduction let me tell you how to add baking powder in them. It is not useless information it is just very out of place.Learning some git commands was the most usefull in the course for me. (Though again, why would you first show the commands and just after that explain what's the tool for and where to download it?)And by the way it takes half a day to cover all 4 weeks material (listened through all videos, installed the tools). Which is not bad, just of other users information)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This module is just enough material for 1 or 2 lectures with "How to get started" notes..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have no idea why you called it course, since there was nothing inside.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only informative. Not worth it outside the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I mean, it's replicated in the next classes, and it has silly questions in the practice quizzes. It's not worth it. Just kill this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth 29$ considering you could take away very little from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A good intro to the tools required for a Data Scientist. However, could cover the usage of the terminal and Rstudio better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Is this entire course going to be watching videos of powerpoint slideshows, wrapped in a rather buggy website?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too compact and short. Should be integrated to other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didnt learn anything about data science. I could have learned how to install all those tools by myselfThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have absolutely no idea how could this become a separate course - and one spread over 4 weeks. It is extremely basic, extremely general and extremely high level. It should be compressed to 1-2 hours and added as an _optional prerequisite_ to other courses in this specialization. I personally feel cheated out of my 29 USD.0.1 star.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was expecting 4 weeks of work, but it was more like 4 hours.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is too easy as a "university" course. It is much more like a pratictioner course. The final exam is ridiculous, really too easy.It can be thought as a week course instead of a four week course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course is very poorly structured.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was really basic information. It's not really a 4 week course. It takes several hours. The info is necessary, but it's sufficient as a single week of content for a larger course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a bit too simple to be a paid courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
$38 is a lot to pay for tutorials about how to install software. This course takes only 20 minutes to complete. It is also obsessed with command line interfaces. There's a reason that they were left behind in the 80s. It does cover GUI software like Rstudio, which is ignored for the rest of the course. How about something on the desktop Github version? https://desktop.github.com/ So much easier to use.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Is this a real course for a data scientist just installing shit and a peer reviewing for that screenshot and forking all repos ...very bad not worth to be with rest course in specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There just wasn't much to this class. It's not bad information, but it could have been done in one week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very introductory. I didn't find the tooling aspects of this course particularly helpful, but I'm not in the target audience. It's length was misleading -- I completed the work in two days easily, but I am a technologist, and already had the tools installed. If you use GitHub and RStudio, the meat of the course is only about an hour of the lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought this was very very basicThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is fine, however its more an introduction than a course. The course in itself doesn't teach much, should have been the first week of subsequent courses. I went through all 4 weeks in 1 week, the whole course is mostly about downloading different tools and signing up for accounts.What I didn't like is that the teachers seem to be really concerned about their reputation and workload. Its repeated several times that you shouldn't email the teachers with questions and that online questions should be of a certain standard, its understandable but its a bit patronizing. I think teachers should be available for questions, even if its only through the forum (which they are) Its understandable that there are a lot of students so direct emails might overwhelm but that's just part of the job, we pay for the course, we should also get support when its not working for us.Overall I wouldn't advise taking this course if you aren't taking it as part of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Would like to have seen more material using git and git bash commands. More repetition here would be helpful. Seems like a lot of this information will be lost or forgotten when it comes time to use it, especially as it relates to the Data Science Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
$40 is way too much to spend just to learn how to install a couple pieces of software and sign up for a GitHub account. The entire course should have been the first week of the following course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This should not be a course. It's just introduction and should be condensed to one video and a handout with pointers to those who need more specific and detailed instructions for setting up their computers. This is not a learning course. All they teach you how to install git, R and Rstudio. And they take money for this (if you want to say you "completed" the course)!!! Highly unethical practice in my opinion.The surveys are stupid too. They don't distinguish between those who completed (but not earned any credentials) and those who didn't.In my opinion this is a very dumbed down version of an introduction to a data science course (and not a cours in itself). Definitely not worth 4 weeks!A much more valuable course is Stanford's "Machine Learning" where you can actually learn something (and don't force you out of evaluation if you don't pay).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very shallow overview, not really a full course I'd say.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic even for people with no DS background.Issues with quiz having passed and results showing as failed. Inability to speed up and move on to next moduleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't learn anything in this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Complete waste of time. This should be a course on its own, and much less be charged for. This should have been the 1st week of an actual class. This only dealt with installing a couple of software tools. Hopefully the following courses will teach something worthwhile.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not sure this should be a course that is charged ....on to the next one now.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Introductory Course mostly around installation and setup for the other courses in SpecializationsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not very "beginner friendly"The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion, most of this information should be free and available as a pre-req. for other classes (installing R Studio).It was cheap, but in general, I thought I was going to be more out of this course than I did.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They charge you to take a class that explains how to install a few programs. If you go to the program's websites, there is directions to install it anyway, so this was completely unnecessary. Waste of money. This class should give you some early training on R before throwing it at you in the next course without enough training.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's an extremely basic introduction... which doesn't help in much for the next session (R Programming)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extraordinarily basic. Entire thing can be done in about two hours.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Useless. The information content is close to zero. Just some blah-blah and a long tutorial to install software.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Jumps around, doesn't put anything into "real world" examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
waste of time. except for git and github ,nothing much is in it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too basic for the price - almost no content - this is just setup - I resent paying for setup instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic, this should just be a readThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
they made this many courses as they can earn more money.I dont think this course should me taught seperatelyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is not updated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This should not be a course in itselfThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
By far to expansive for what you get. Anyway, thanks for the hint about swirl.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was a loss of time and money. Except from week 3 material, the rest can be found on the internet and should be required by everyone who wants to take that specialization. This course doesn't worth it, it's just to take extra money from anyone who wants to learn about Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some interesting concepts, but way to simplistic in my opinion. Only reason I see to pay for it is the fact that it is a requirement in the Data Science SpecializationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizzes were based off of extremely high level overview videos not covering anything specifically or deep diving into anything. When applying the git commands covered, numerous errors arose. Overwhelmingly academic course with very little hands on. This is not for anyone actually looking to work in this field, but for someone looking to be able to talk about this field.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is well structured and provides a good introduction, however, I expected a bit more from a course that costs 20 pounds than just a few clips on how to install and set-up software/create a github account etc. This information is available for free online on the websites of the respective software.I understand that such an introduction is needed for the course, but then do not offer it as a separate 20 pound module. Instead include it for free with any other 'specialization' you can buy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the speech is too fast to be catch up with and doesn't have much useful contentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too expensive for what you get :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
most part of this course is a duplicate of the "R programming" course.microphone/sound of the teacher quality is very bad.not original, boring, dividing this in "4 weeks" is too ridiculously long, this should be done in 1 week to enable users to take more time for the "R programming".this course should be free. don't lose too much time on it, it's doable in a day or a weekend and move on to "R programming".asking for so much money to see how to install R and github is a shame.feels like this course has been added just to have a round number for the specialization.even the survey in the end asking for feedback starts with a question not adapted to moment it's been asked "did you get a certificate?" of course i did not as i've just finish the course and now wait for my peers to review my final submission.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It has almost no content and isn't actually useful. I've heard later classes in the series are way tougher, so the ramp up isn't at all good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a nice introduction, but the material is barely worth a one week orientation lesson (I have completed it in about 4 hours with watching all the videos, taking detailed notes, and completing the quizzes for 100%) . Why should we pay for a specialization preview, we can read info about the separate courses on our own? I am really looking forward the next courses in the specialization since I really need a good course in statistics and this seems to be one, but the first course should be eliminated. The installation of R and github account videos should be added to the next course as an introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's more a preview than an actual class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course does not warrant the price, it has way too little information. Very dissatisfied.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This should not be a course of its own.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not useful at all if it's audited.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely remedial. Not worth the time or cost on it's own, unfortunately it's required for the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't get much out of itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really poor quality of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth the price. Extremely basic stuff spread very thin over too much time just to be able to charge for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This should not be its own course, as it would be pretty useless if you were doing it on its own without doing any of the other courses. The end of course project literally being just to make a Github account and download R-studio could be quickly covered in the first week of the other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Certainly not worth paying for this course, only talks about how to install the tools.Not able to take quizzes when you try to take the course for free.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Might be useful for total newbies, but this was very simple for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good introductory course. However, an overkill as a separate course (and hence charging $30 for it). Courses 1 and 2 could have been clubbed together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Maybe, I am already somehow experienced, but I think that the time I spent on that was a waste :/The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course must be a part of another courseres.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not much substance to this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nice introduction but actually very little contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very introductory. This material could have been compressed into 1 week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think there are only few contents.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course could have been done in two 30 minute videos. It jumps in with overviews but contain some high level items you won't understand until later in the course and it really doesn't give enough context to be meaningful at the time. It almost seems like it was thrown together without a clear mission of what should be in the introduction. Being a developer who has used some of the tools in this toolbox (Git, GitHub, Command Line) this intro really glosses over tools that most non developers won't understand. If I had a say in what should be in this intro it would be one video end to end of setting up the tools. The second video would be all about the history and logic and some of the applications we will be exploring without all the r formulas in the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic introduction to Data Science. Seasoned programmer or other IT professionals are likely to find this course really weak.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although the content is correct, quality models videos and materials is very low, wanted to make all the specialization, but I'm not satisfied with the quality of the course. It's a shame, because the JHU is an excellent UniversityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic content.I have not learned anything with this course (installing R and RStudio should not be part of exercises or lectures).I hope R programming course will be betterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This could probably be compressed into a single week of setup for the R Programming course. There isn't much in terms of substantive learning here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really enough content to be a course in it's own right, should be additional material as is useful, but definitely not a requirement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very simpleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little information for the cost. I was done with the whole course in a few hours. The review in the next course covered most of the same things. It certainly wasn't worth the price.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You will learn some command line commands, git, Github, and what you will need for eventually using R.I was a bit annoyed that this course is a requirement for the Data Science certification (which is what I am after). I already knew everything taught in this course and was a bit annoyed I had to pay for this in order to complete the track. I think 'courses' that are fully setup like this should be opt-in not required.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very short and just a basic overview on how to install a few tools that most of them I already had installed. All this course content could be packed into an introductory lesson instead of having to pay for it. I abandoned the specialisation because of this, I know it's a big business but at least you need to offer some value for the moneyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is generally good course, but I feel it is just a combination of very little tools, skills and ideas. I believe it is quite complicate for me to understand, esspecial git and github. I think it is better to combine this course in other courses where you need it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good introduction of what is to come, but nothing too provocative or thought provoking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is really basic course, I expected much more even if this is offered only for $29.. (the cheapest course in the specialisation)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Completely useless. Just a number of boring videos of what you may possibly learn in Data Science Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dry videos. Most classes are someone showing how they do something their way, rather than guiding or teaching with the intent to have the student absorb and re-apply principles.Very difficult for a student to absorb material from this video seriesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a course which is designed to preview the other courses. It could easily be eliminatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hard to follow with a lot of technical intructions right off the bat with inadequate explanation, a lot of "read more about this at <insert URL>." Videos were boring and the instructor was invisible just reading off the slides. Not very engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't provide much info beyond the basics of git. Could have skipped this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was advertised as a six week course, but the deadlines make it a two week course. The assignments are exceptionally challenging given that the instructors offer now actual instruction on how to perform them. Two and a half days into the course not a single moderator has answered a question in the forums and I can't find a way to contact Coursera about this problem.I am very disappointed. I was planning on taking additional courses through the Coursera platform, but now I am reconsidering.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am disappointed because the course doesn't provide profound material on data analysis with python. The videos are too short and the samples demonstrated in the videos aren't thoroughly explained. For instance, the speaker often only says what she is doing but not WHY she is doing it or what the function of a particular parameter is. I felt left alone and forced to google. In my opinion it cannot be the purpose to make your student google basic things that could easily be integrated into the course.Considering that this is labelled as a beginner course I was expecting much more theoretical input. Other courses offer additional slides and scripts that are aligend with the course videos and allow the students to look things up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible. A waste of time and money. I recommend doing Statistics with R from Duke instead. This one should be taken off coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Totally just marketing materials! Don't waste your time with this school at all! You cannot learn a program in a couple of minutes!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very beginner level course aimed at starters who dont have much experience with Data. Emphasis was on teaching Data Management with area of our interest. In Order to support this, assignments didnt had clear objective. I would have learnt a lot more through a course had they been more defined assignments.Not a course if you are looking to be ready for data related interviews. However, this course will be okay if you are working on some other field and want data management as an extra skillset.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor and instructors don't understand how to properly write SAS programs and ignored constructive feedback. It's very sad to see students follow suit by producing hard to read codes, ignoring programming conventions.As an analytic leader in healthcare industry (I am supervising some of my junior level team members to get some basic training), I want to say something to the students graduated from this course: if you program the same way as being taught, you will lose a competitive advantage during job interview.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course didn't talk too much about data management and visualization, which made me feel quite disappointed. And you couldn't feel you could practiced what you learned in the course in the assignment. Most part of the assignment just focused on making some comments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is too small and shallow. Whole specialization is actually one full course split into 4 tiny parts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course states that it is for people with no knowledge in SAS. I had to go online elsewhere to learn SAS before completing this course. There are free SAS tutorials on the SAS webpage - I highly recommend completing them before trying this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed about this course. The topic is very interesting, for me at least, but the course organization is horrible. Lectures do not provide enough information to complete the assignments. Zero interaction from course staff. Issues with getting assignments graded. In previous session the staff just refered you to the coursera helpdesk, but you cannot easily contact coursera directly.Main focus of course seems to be earning money and not educating. Be warned and don't pay for this course!I really don't get why this course has so many good reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The highest video production values of any class I've seen on Coursera so far. Unfortunately, that's the best part of the class; the support is simply nonexistent (a post by someone associated with the staff from a previous run of the course suggests getting help troubleshooting Python from Coursera staff), the instructions for the class software are out of date, the source material for the assignments is sometimes unsuitable to the task you're asked to perform (e.g. statistical analysis on a data set aggregated from disparate sources), and the pretty videos are at times completely unrelated to the actual assignments (the very first week with the literature review). Dropping this specialization like a hot coal; it looked quite promising, but the aggravation over the poor organization and lack of support considerably outweighs anything I could get out of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is OK, but that's about it. Near zero interaction from staff, short videos leave a lot to be desired, and worst of all, there seems to be a problem getting everyone's assignments peer reviewed (which makes no sense).There is a somewhat comical thread wherein staff direct students to contact coursera directly via a "contact us" link on a page, but get this, the link isn't there. Students repeatedly pointed this out only to get directed again to the non-existant link. In an online forum it's important to actually address concerns. Replys that avoid directly addressing concerns sound like automated messages. And that's the feeling I get here.This course requires a DIY attitude and a willingness to proceed without feedback.If you're looking for a good example of online learning, look elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad material, poor graphics, wrong mc questions in videos.More hype content than a course.This is not the way to learn Python, seriously don't take this oneThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The support from the faculty and the website is beyond explainable bad. The user interface gets stuck without reasons. There is no direct way to contact the faculty, if you are stuck on any assignments. There is hardly anyone who responds to the feedback that is sought for!!I will never recommend someone to do this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quizzes are not set up correctly and you get marked wrong when you put in the correct answers. It seems that the course was rushed and not properly tested before it accepted students. The content is good and that is why I gave it more than one star.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please stop reading from the screen, it looks ridiculous.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is mostly a sales pitch for the professor's book (you're required to purchase the book for the class).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course really covered information I knew but made simple concepts complex - that is just my opinionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Amy Blooms assignments were so complicated and obtuse that they were hard to dive into. The lectures didn't particularly hold me , either. Often, what the lecture was titled and what was taught seemed totally unrelated. Could be improved but at least it kept me writing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am honestly not a fan of Amy's teaching style. She seems to have a discussion with herself about character building techniques but not really explain the technique nor structure it for the student.There are too many shop talks.I would rather have a structure explained to me and then hear a discussion... the way Brando Skyhorse does in the Plot course... really a let down. I will have to buy the book she keeps averting I guess... after spending quite good money on the course already. PityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructions were very unclear compared to the rest of the courses in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone who's paying. The assignments instructions are too vague to understand and there's no example given.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer reviewed assignments are next to useless, as there is no oversight on them. I think there needs to be a basic comprehension assessment done first, before allowing fellow learners the ability to pass/fail students in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't find this course particularly helpful or useful. I'm not sure why, there was a disconnect somewhere, I think maybe that I didn't receive the help that I feel I still need on the subject of how to create a great, memorable, believable character. Also, some of the assignments were confusing. Nothing really stands out about this course, and it was actually a bit boring and I don't feel I learned anything related to the subject. Everything about this class needs some work: the videos, the instruction/syllabus/content, and the assignments. Sorry, I didn't like it. =(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't think there were many solid pointers...and not much that was original coming from the instructor herself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was my least favourite course in the the Creative Writing Specialisation. I learnt a bit about creating characters but I found the lessons bland and the assignments difficult to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this was my least favorite of the classes - the lectures ere not informative, and far too lofty. The style class, the plot class and the setting class all had detailed, concrete teachings, whereas these lectures were too airy. Most of them consisted of authors chatting with each other. The assignments required real craft however, and it would have been helpful to LEARN those skills in the modules.For example, one assignment asked us to describe a character in a setting, while they were not actually there - say a divorced nurse in a hospital. Not once in the lectures were we ever taught HOW to do this. We watched a series of author fireside chats, and then people bumbled through the assignment. I really wanted Amy Bloom to just walk over to the board and draw a character and say "this is a woman, she's divorced, she's middle class, she tends to get very angry when things don't go her way" or whatever,and then draw out a list of how her internal states might manifest in the world around her - she throws things, she's disorganized, she writes mean notes in the patient charts.I wanted her to teach. She seems to think we already know how to do things like imply a characters state of mind through action. I mean, for a beginning writer, its helpful to just make a list of details about a character - where they're from, what they like or don't like, what sort of flaws they might have and so on. We did barely any of this. It was assumed we knew the basics of characterization, but most students did not!some of the other students frustration and confusion came out in the peer review, which was a bad sign.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't find this module very helpful and some of the assignments were truly confusing. I wish there was more "meat" in the sessions and more availability to access the lecturers more readily when there was confusion. I don't like the fact I pay money for other people to "assess" my work when half of them don't even read my submissions properly. Or the question. Or both. So if the lectures don't stretch me, I find my money spent unwisely.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very limited teaching and contradictory assignments. For those with English as a second language be aware this course uses grammatical terminology but in a stylistic way and can cause a lot of confusion. Assignments are weak but as a whole for the four courses making up the Capstone just grit your teeth and get through it, the least enjoyable and instructive of all four.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very elementary coursework. Quizzes were too simple while I expected some challenging questions that'll make you think. Please improve the assignment quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not what I expected. Though the lecturer quite patronising and the exercises too juvenile. Did not finish the course, so it may have improved after the first few sessions. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been better. It was little boring when this type of course should be super excitingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't see how the assignments would make me a more creative person. Some of the content was new and interesting but overall I din't think it was a good use of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
elementary school level program, not college or universityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't like pay to submit courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Creativity without a reason, without a real problem/question. Divergent thinking per se. Try to be divergent just to be divergent. Too simplistic, doesn't worth your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course delivery is regrettably boring. The 90-second breaks don't work very well. The lecturer is not trying to be engaging or at least pleasant to listen to. I hope he lectures this way in the attempt of being clear. However, it comes across as being very monotonous and boring. I had a strong motivation to follow the course, but honestly had to drop without completing the second lecture. A missed opportunity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lesson 1 - no longer available via PCLesson 1 no longer exist to do via PC on internet.Sugggested . It has been removed. Cannot go ahead without having the Lesson 1 information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments do not give you any practical methods for actual problem solving. They're just a succession of activities that pretend to be creative by making you do things "you wouldn't normally do". It's like they forgot the part about "problem solving".The assignments are to eat foods you've never eaten, talk to people you wouldn't normally talk to, take a photo of yourself smooching someone/something, and to "give" something to someone you "never have given anything before". That is not creative nor helpful at problem solving. It's just a series of activities for people who have too much time on their hand and need something to do to get out of their routine.Not a course I would recommend for anyone wanting to gain useful skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a course that helps you solve wicked problems which do not have solutions that will come suddenly one fine day and ones that require more thought effort and brainstorming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After about one hour the only things I learnt is to do "stuff" in different way (too vague concept) and the basic of photography.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos were ok, reading materials added some value, although about three years have passed since the launch of the original course and the materials are all the same. I expected that something new would be introduced to give it a bit more value. But what is very questionable is the architecture of the quizzes. On one hand it goes way beyond the simplicity of the lenght of the course, assume a mindset that extends well beyond this course, and on the other hand after doing the quizzes some times and observing the considered right and wrong answers, some of them - to say the least, are highly ambiguous and express a personal point of view of the instructor in what is right or wrong (what by itself is not very reasonable), and lack ultimately in objectivity regarding the materials covered. I am not by any means saying that the quizzes are hard or simple, I am saying that they lack objectivity and go beyond the scope of the materials and try to put the student on a state of trying to guess what the instructor's opinion is regarding the question at hand. In some cases the 'best' answer chosen is absurd. Highly questionable this approach. Again, I believe that evaluations should be challeging, but these quizzes are a bit esoteric, they lack objectivity.Nonetheless, it is important to say thank you for being present in this platform and having the will to put it together. I wish you luck for the future.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course doesn't offer much of a learning curve. I would rather suggest taking Data Visualization Using Tableau by Duke University.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor course. No original material, they use Tableau training material. I did the first 4 weeks of the course in 5 hours and learned nothing new, except using Tableau. I could have learned the same using the Tableau first video in 10 minutes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was looking for a course that discusses how to think about the data and how to manipulate the data based on the questions you have. This course was more basic and didn't really focus on the many ways of visualizing the data to tell a story. The course did not discuss the pros and cons of each type of visualization (e.g., pie chart vs. line graph vs. column chart etc but of course more complex because we are using tableau) with the type of question and answers you are looking for. This type of content is what I was most interested in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course basically treats you like an extremely slow-learning retarded individual. Totally waste of your time by watching a bunch of videos. The contents are so thin. All the contents covered in these course videos can be summarized in a 10-minute video. If you have a lot of time you don't know how to spend. Enroll in!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Easy but really complicate to submit the assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
nothing special, I do understand this are fundamentals, but i felt like 5 year oldThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Each week was only about an hour. Most MOOC courses I've taken have at least 3 to 4 hours of content and learning. Very little learning for a 4 week course. This is a 1 week course stretched out to 4 weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor moves very slowly (both speaking and covering topics). Points get belabored (I usually watched the lectures at 1.5x speed but I also have some basic Tableau experience).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorely disappointed. I learned almost nothing valuable and found the content to be so basic that I didn't get a good feel for Tableau. I paid $20 elsewhere (UDEMY) and I'm learning a SHIT TON about Tableau through them. Tableau has great free resources too that are better than what I paid $80 for on Coursera. This class is a joke and not worth $80. As a UCD Alumni I'm embarrassed my school's name is on this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was really lacking. The content was skimpy and the assignments overly simple and rote.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very preliminary. Its content can be covered in one session and does not need 4 weeks. The assignments were not clear enough. The course material can not be downloaded and can not be retrieved or used as reference after finishing the course, unlike other courses I have taken with Coursera, but in other University.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic in terms of material covered. Would be nice as a free remedial class in prep for the main specialization. Homework assignments were confusing and did not appear to have been reviewed by the instructors before being sent to students (main problem, the free software students use was not the same version as that being used to develop the homework). Instructor support was not evident in the user forums. Below the quality of the free classes taken in the past.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is terrible for many reasons. Firstly, the amount of content is ridiculously small - only about 20 minutes of video lectures per week. Moreover, more than 50% of content is just non-relevant.Secondly, practical assignments are very poorly planned:1) in weeks 3 peer graded assignment students are asked to save Tableau workbooks as twbx files, even though this feature is not supported by Tableau Public that is used in this course. The assignment itself is just opening and saving file in Tableau.2) in weeks 4 peer graded assignment you just asked to write some vaguely defined 1 page description. It doesn't include any Tableau-related activities.Thirdly, quizzes are ambiguous and very general.Overall, this course is just a waste of time. For comparison, you can easily get more useful information about Tableau from the 4 minute long "Getting started" video on the Tableau website than from this course. Just wonder how Coursera allows such courses to be places on the platform.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They say that if you don't have anything good to say it's better not to say anything at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a good course for deciding if you want to pursue a more advanced degree in Cryptography, Computer Science, or Mathematics, but As part of a Cyber Security specialization, your paying customers are most likely working professional engineers or programmers, interested in practical applications of cryptography that they can use in order to create secure systems and services. This is a mathematics course and your paying customers are not going to use the knowledge from this course in their jobs. This is not an indictment of the instructor, but of the content itself. It is the wrong content for your target customer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found some slides to be inaccurate which makes the material difficult to learn. Also I found the instructor's presentation style to be too abstract. I think a more practical style would be more suitable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unsyncronize subtitle with audio. Please fix thisIMO, I think the video must not too long. (below 10 minutes/video), so lecturer separated it to more segment. And give pop-up quiz in videoThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
good course, but the way it is required to be done sucksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a bit too simple all of this. There is not enough depth in the course. No way I would give 71 $ for such an introductory material. The best part of the course are the additional resources lists. The good and bad examples are useful as well, but they are all too simple as well.The videos are good quality though and there is some information that is useful. If you are looking for a simple introduction / never seen an interview / have no experience with public speaking / have not taken many oral exams then this is for you.I rate this at 2 stars because I was expecting more. A lot more. "Mastering...".. really? More like "Not completely failing.."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
nothing in common with reality. nothing that can prepare for real interviewuseless loss of timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am not sure peer review is eventually working in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have switched session, but for the second time nobody reviewed my assignment for the second time! I have a doubt about such approach and this particular course as one before a capstone project (to my opinion it should be held after a capstone)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of contents are already in the books like Cracking the Coding Interview and similar ones. If you have them, you don't need to take this course.It can be good for students who have never had an interview.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Complete waste of time. I could learn the interview skls anywhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too mechanistic. not much creative modules.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material itself isn't bad, but the course instructors never respond to questions. What's the point of the class if I can't get my questions answered?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor is very knowledgable but he is fast... Even before i can understand the first line. he is on the fourth line. i find Hard to keep up with him. I am dropping this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very theoretical and mathematical and not enough real examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This isn't a beginners course. I dropped out in first week. I took every note I could and reviewed again and again. I really think the instructor is an intelligent man, but I'm not quite sure he understands how to teach well. I'm really disappointed that I didn't get to take anything away from this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A really hard class for anyone not graduated from collage.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Links to 4 year old articles, websites and TED talks that can be found on Google don't really constitute a course to me sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cyber Security is miniscule in the topic. Mobility poses severe cyber security threat and syllabus is talking about MDM which is for compliance and cyber security.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion this is not a course. The contents are a short interview cut up over 4 weeks, fluffed with a myriad of vendor-biased PDFs. The 90s classroom style video editing is annoying to boot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I probably should wait to finish this course before reviewing, but I'm halfway through and have found my motivation gone--I'm finishing it just to finish it. The delivery adds nothing to the content, especially as much of it is simply the presenters reading lists also shown on screen. Class content would better serve the students as a searchable PDF. And why are there super-specific questions on quizzes about things like what specific funders require in a grant proposal? That's information that you look up when you need it, not that you quiz people on. This class is a let down.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coursera and this course sucks. You are at the mercy of idiots doing your peer review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the worst course I have ever seen in my life, I'm ain't lying these guys use the terms which they haven't thought and they use it so frequently as if they have thought it, One who were teaching may be industrial experts and have lot's of experience, but one thing to note is:Teaching is an art...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In wk3 my DB is totally messed up and I do not know where to find the CORRECT create statements to recreate the DB that the assignments expect! It shouldn't be too difficult to provide one page that gives the commands to execute to create the DB that is used in each week (for each week separately). Due to that I'm un-enrolling from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
can't wait to rate this course! I hope I could give 1 start but to show respect I rated it 2. It's just because I personally don't like the instructor and the way he talks, which could ruin the course! I truly hope we could have another instructor in the following courses or the whole specialization would be ruined and so would my interest in database.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
assingnments are not grading .so i do not have reason to study something that can't finishThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I could not finish because videos were stuttered - even with bigger bandwidth - and as a consequence I could not finish the course and the exercises in my limited free time (therefore, only 2 stars). Is the problem solved now - cause I d like to resume the course again. If that's more successful now I would start the next parts of the specialization.Thank you for an answer!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough implication from the instructors in the course. Students are left alone with the material, without any answers to there questions on the course.Peer review process subject to personal interpretation and leading to frustration for the students.That's quite unfortunate as this provides a bad experience whereas the course might have been good without that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Avoid this course like the plague. Terribly taught, no support, problems only vaguely related to the course material, and designed to force you to buy the manual for the course. The next classes in the specialization get even worse, with the student forums full of students who can't get any help though the grueling process of installing Oracle, Pentaho, etc. on a personal laptop. I was fortunate to have experience with the tools, would have never managed to finish the course just based on the terribly taught material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Severe lack of support (zero) from the professor or TAs. Some wrong solutions were provided for assigments but were never addressed or acknowledged that it will be fixed. Some assignment files are not Mac friendly or is just not viewable by all students (I can't tell). Materials are quite good but grading is subject to broad interpretations and there is no human to provide guidance on what are the best practices. To think that I paid for the specialisation in order to take the graded assignment AND I have to do the grading BUT I do not receive support? This is ridiculous. I will have to think three times before I pay for a Coursera course in the future. Never again. I will not recommend this to others.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor english, hard to follow assignments (instructions spread out over 3-4 microsoft word documents with no links between them). Teaches SQL with MixedCase namings, all-named constraints and other non-standard syntax.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Expected a lot more from the course. Also, the teaching style isn't very engaging either.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments are very inaccurate. Mess with table and field names. Oracle VM is very heavy and slow to use on regular laptop.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course material was interesting but very rudimentary, the courses biggest challenge was understanding its spoken English. I do not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are very well-organized. The topics are also cover in this field. However, the lectures are very dry and boring. The main professor were reading the scripts on the monitor. From my perspective, with his knowledge in this field as being described on his personal web site, he should be able to talk comfortably by looking at the topic on the slide then discuss about it in detail. I would suggest to change the environment to be at the wide open space, like coffee shop, to make this course more attractive. I'm sorry, it is not what I expected.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professors accent very hard to understand. Week 5's lesson should be reviewed as may have no place in classThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The same information was covered in multiple lessons. It was a very conceptual look at cyber conflicts that you could get if you paid attention to the news over the last five years.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry that I'm going to sound harsh, but this course is useless.It touches so many different topics without going deeply into any of them. All you get is a basic knowledge about All Things Cyber™.The recommended readings are all over the place, the video captions look like they're just a basic speech recognition and like nobody actually proof read them. They're full of errors. Lecturers say one word, captions show a completely different word. Plus, they're full of spelling errors. (Kadafi regime in Libya!? Really!?)You can get the same amount of knowledge by reading two or three Wikipedia pages. Don't waste your time on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sways between incorrect definitions and buzz words to word dense academic papers. Lacks clarity to the point of bringing the providers expertise in to question (only those who understand a concept and have relevant experience have a hope of explaining it) . Calls in to question the motive of the course and coursera - this seems more like marketing or pre-sales than it does education.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth wasting your time over: they state that which is blatantly obvious and provide little insight into human factors of security.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much statistics, too much coding and inadequate instruction. This is not a coding specialization and if I wanted to learn coding I would have taken a coding course! This 9 weeks course has been a nightmare!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the specialisation that sucks all joy out of the entire course. 6 month on and I am still on week 2. The software and the provided files are not fully working, something is always missing, constant error messages... If you don't have background in statistics, you will have a very difficult time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a complex course for people who don't know R Studio. While it is not very hard to learn R Studio (even for people who are not comfortable with coding), it is very difficult when people get stuck. I did not get the much needed support when my R studio installation failed or when installation of libraries failed with error messages. The instructor was good, course content is good, but the lack of a suitable support representative for such complex subjects pulls down the reputation of this course. Please provide a good support personnel to at least help with online queries.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
NOT FOR PEOPLE WHO DON'T KNOW R TOOL!This course needs an interesting approach to keep students wanting to study. The teaching method was boring. The professor was reading things from the screen 90% of the times (he looked bored himself). The topics covered in this course need more time for students to understand 10 weeks are insufficient.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you already took statistics, this is a reasonable refresher. However, it is way too brief for the amount of material covered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Far too advanced for a total beginner as I am, was really hard and very confusing. My industry friends said it went too far for what I need in the real worldThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much theory less practical things.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very hard to follow and to understand if you don't have any mathematics background or statistic knowledge. But it is doable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much more emphasis on statistical analysis than on experimental design. Seems out of place with the rest of the specialization in terms of both length and subject matter. Course assessments seem to test in-depth knowledge of coding in R (which isn't gone over in sufficient detail in lectures, rather students are told to look it up in more detail on their own; however, the class is already longer and more in-depth than all the others in the specialization!) more so than experimental design or statistics. Should be less detailed, or split into multiple courses, or at least should have an introductory lesson(s) or prerequisite course on basics of how R works - I found it extremely frustrating trying to learn about and conduct statistical analyses in a system of which I had only minimal working knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Neither statistics nor R was covered in any meaningful way. At the end of the course, you are left with frustration for having to jump through the loops, but no understanding of the principles. I am a college instructor for Statistics, having graduated from a PhD program - even with that background I could not follow the instructor.The course designer never considered the audience, and never identified the goals of this course. The instructor was lost between teaching R and teaching stats, so in the end he did neither. Worst course I have ever taken, both online and face-to-face.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
OK content but too slowly presentedpainful experience to go through all the lessonsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Omigod! You're kicking this off in R-studio and teaching the whole course from this interface? Could you at least use a pen with ink that we can read when you're not in R?!This might be the last straw for me in this specialization. Nothing about this subject matter is easily digestible for a designer, and I'm okay with that. (I'm also a web/js developer, so I'm used to intense struggles with really abstract stuff.)What I can't get over is that this is part of an interaction design specialization that teaches design concepts, but whose instructors almost never practice those concepts in their pedagogy. "Do as I say, not as I do" seems to be the prevailing MO. The whole effort seems totally half-baked, and nowhere more so than in this course.I might not be so harsh if there weren't such great examples of well designed pedagogy elsewhere in Coursera, and for material that's at least as dry as statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Despite of been a interesting course I find it really hard to pass it. In my opinion, previous knowledge or R should be required.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was the most arduous undertaking I have ever been through. My frustration is not with professor Wobbrock, who is obviously an expert in his field (though sometimes I felt like he's speaking in "High Valyrian" and not English). My disappointment lies with UCSD which included the course of such depth of information and a strong requirement for understanding R, without much thought on whether students will be able to follow. I feel that going through this course was largely pointless, because I'm not going to retain much of the depth of the material in the long run.Based solely on this experience, I'm NOT going to be recommending this specialization to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very dry content and hard to retain any information presented in the course because of it. Quizzes are fairly easy to pass provided you have some programming experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very difficult. Quizzes are quite easy to accomplish, but the practical "take-away" from each week is small. I would have preferred if the course focused on getting the results(data) and keeping the statistical analysis to a few (most common) areas.Too academic. More focus on practice use.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a stand-alone course this would be very good. The presenter is engaging and clearly knowledgeable, and the treatment of the course subject is thorough and well-designed. Grounding UX design in rigorous statistical analysis is important.BUT as a component of the Interaction Design specialisation it was much too long (nine weeks, as long as the previous three courses combined) and the coursework was un-interesting (long sequences of statistical tests with strange names) and very different to the creative and interactive assignments in the other courses. It very quickly turned into a demoralising "death march" for me.As part of the specialisation, this course needs to be slimmed-down radically, and perhaps complemented by other analytical approaches to UX and interaction design. In its current form, the inclusion of this course in the Interaction Design specilisation is represents an error of judgement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I took up to week 2 and, so far, this course assumes statistics knowledge. I expected it would provide a background on the rather than just run a code and show the results.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is good but TOO FAR from the real content this specialisation look for (or at least, I was expecting).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the intention behind including this course was probably well meaning. I think it was a punishing course to get through for those of us who had no background in statistics, scientific studies, or programming. While I was able to fail my way forward through it, it was completely overwhelming, and overly painful. I really think the expectation should be set before students sign on to the specialization, as was I wonder how many students gave up on the whole Interaction Specialization after this course. Prof. Wobbrock was great, but I think there was a lot of vocabulary assumed to be known to us that just wasn't. I felt like I had been dropped down on Mars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm really sorry to give this rating, but I have no choice. The course was horrendously boring, and so far removed from the interesting and interactive work that we had done in the previous sections of the Specialisation. This is such an unfortunate course to have as a requirement to complete the Specialisation, and especially the final hurdle to get into the Capstone. Moreover it was the longest of all the courses. Thus the least interesting and also the longest - makes little sense!As I said, I'm sorry to give this rating, but it needs to be said. The teacher seems like a great guy. And I'm sure he's killing it teaching statistics and R Studio at Uni, but using R studio to such a standard just doesn't seem like the everyday work an HCI designer would do. A statistician or data specialist yes, but a UI designer?Perhaps you could make the course higher level, avoid the indepth R Studio, and make it 3-4 weeks like all of the other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointed ... very technical course and not so practical for today's world, there is a lot of terms and subjects that you require a good background in statistics analysis to understand well. It is a shame that this take part of the specialization program.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you do not know R studio or R programming this course will be very difficult for you. The fact that they state you dont need to know this program and then require you to use it to complete tests is unacceptable. Week 2 test onward requires you to modify code or program code in order to get statistics required to answer the questions. Their helpful hints cause errors when used mainly because you must know the correct syntax or placement of the code to get the correct answer.I'm very disappointed in this class and probably will not pass because I do not have the time to figure out how to program in R.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overall the videos related to the quizzes are to vague and un detailed, I more often than not feel lost.Also this should not be part of the interaction design specialisation, and just be a small part of another course.Not once have I needed R or statistic in my 7 year design career.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not recommended. Not clear why we need to use R and learn all this statistics. Not practical for use in UX design.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Little to no use for me. Should not be included in the specialization... I didn't sign up for a data class...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hello. Unfortunately- 2. Just my opinion - not enough information about R tests and program, what is this, basic details for testing and code, no details for Mac-users. Videos are to short to understand details and goals, what I will learn, how to use mathematic formulas? If I could - I wanna leave this course. Thanks for understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its theoretical.No practical project to doThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Uninspiring teacher, repetitive material that could have been consolidated with month 2 altogether.Did most of my learning from the supplemental readings.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not that helpful for meThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Again the content and presentation is great.But the web site is getting really annoying, especially in the assignment area. The editor is faulty and on the submission on visualization you cannot use visualizations(!) to make your point due to technical limitations (can't paste charts or screenshots).Sometimes verification does not work.Support is sometimes very good, sometimes useless, depends with whom you chat.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course hardly has any new content and a lot of it is also repeat from previous courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For a practice course I found that was full of theoryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am not impressed with this course so far. The quizzes and assignments are out of order with the materials being presented - the questions on each come from readings and lecture content that have not been introduced to the audience at that particular point in the course. The first module was a very, very basic outline of a generic analysis process, and really has nothing to do with digital marketing analytics in particular.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic course without much in depth explanations or insightful matter.I hope this course is worth the money i paid, I'm starting to regret paying for this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very boring presentation of the material. I am sorry to say so, but the professor is not a very engaging speaker.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
When going through the Theory course, I often wondered why the assignments are so abstract and theoretical, and I thought that maybe when we come to practice, we will be able to do something with our hands. No way! While reinforcing the theoretical background (mostly repeating same postulates from the Theory course), this course contributes very little to its name (practice). Only the last module on presenting goes a little further than making you ponder on abstract themes. This is surprising - there are lots of practical tools discussed in the course, and you have no opportunity to get hands on at least one of them (except Google Trends) and evaluate it, at least for primitive purposes. Why does the teacher not take the example of the brilliant Aric Rindfeisch's course Marketing in the Digital World with really well-crafted practical assignments?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I appreciate this course and the instructor's time, but so far I haven't really learned anything.The structure of every lesson is:"1. Here are the 5 things we're going to cover. 2. Name (not explain) those 5 things. 3. Here are the 5 things we covered"I think there's a lot of potential for this course in the long run. I would advise having a professor from Illinois who is not in the business school take this course and get their feedback. I believe the instructor is very smart and experienced in this area, so this is definitely a course that could grow into a Coursera essential.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Incredibly frustrated by the peer grading system. I've been able to work on the course at relatively fast pace and have now completed all of the lectures, readings, quizzes and test but can't go on to the next course because not enough people have submitted the homework for me to grade. I understand the advantage of being able to "learn from others" but it doesn't outweigh the disadvantage of not being able to work at one's own pace .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't know how useful the ambiguous requirements exercise is when we only have one-way feedback. I also think that the ambiguous requirements exercise is the most important of the course, and the exercise missed the mark.I would suggest you structure that exercise as a dialogue, where a PM is working with the customer to elicit requirements, and not give us a big long wish-list of functionality. Structured as a dialogue, you can show that a PM would ask, "You said that the game would make noise. When is the first time it makes noise? How often would game noises be made? Does it ever stop? What makes it stop? Why even have the game make noise in the first place? Are there different noises made during the course of game play/"So, I can't recommend this particular course, and I'm concerned about what the capstone will look like if you give us an assignment where we're to make sense of functionality delivered as a block of text .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could be a useful course if you've never worked with IT projects, or for younger students. Everything seems to be about building a mobile phone app.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course totally reminds me of some courses back in college: unorganized material and the assignments are unrelated to the tutorial. The assignments themselves seem to be very helpful but the tutorials did no help of achieving these assignments.I had a hard time following the instructor despite that I've completed all the certificate for python from University of Michigan. I'm aware of my background of python is still not strong enough so I thought it's probably just me not able to learn it fast enough.But then I watched the tutorial about SQL. As a data architect / ETL developer, SQL is something I'm familiar with and use it everyday and then I realized that the instructor couldn't explain a nested query well. The reason I was able to understand about the SQL part is because I already know.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is good. But it does not has lecture slides that is better for students to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Many mistakes in the slides and poorly defined problems in the assignments have gone uncorrected for over a year. The content is very basic, as would be for an introductory course, but can even serve as a refresher for CS graduates.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Outdated, unintelligibly exercises, terrible lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is quite outdated. I didn't learn much beyond what I already knew before I started. The Spark courses from edX are way better than these. Hopefully "Big Data Analysis with Scala and Spark" from the "École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne" (also from Coursera) is good (I know their Scala courses, which are taught by Martin Odersky, are quite good).There are very few quizzes between lectures and the assignments are not very challenging.Many of the videos, specially the ones at the end were extremely rushed over. They serve more as a review if you know the subject, otherwise I don't think most people will get much from them.The audio isn't very good for most of the lectures, many having an very annoying chirping sound (from when you leave an old flip phone near a computer... "teh-teh-teh teh-teh-teh teh-teh-teh teh-tehhhhhh....". Gosh, I haven't heard this sound in maybe over five years...).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'll say the same about this class as the rest of the specialization, if you have the skills to complete this course then you don't need to take this course. If you don't have the skills to complete this course, you will not complete this course. The course instruction is at 10000 feet level and the assignments are very challenging and the course will NOT teach you the skills required to complete the assignments.I recommend the Machine Learning Course (from Bill's colleagues) at University of Washington. That is a course where you get some real instruction and understanding of how to complete assignments (though still very challenging).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course probably deserves 3-4 stars in a better, maintained form, but the entire specialization is not maintained, the lectures have no production values. Basically, it's a money pit that Coursera is keeping up cynically. It's a real shame because the syllabus correctly addresses a gap in most data scientists' skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1. The title is misleading since "at scale" led people to think that large scale data processing platform such as spark and nosql databases will be central to the course right from the start2. The assignments need a lot of improvements. I am not happy with how we're often only required to submit a single number as an answer. The biggest problem is that this way the grader won't be able to give you meaningful feedback / hint of where you might be wrong. A grader that only tells you "your answer is incorrect" does little to help you learn from mistakes.3. I think assignment 2 can be paced differently - now it feels that we have a bunch of very easy parts (a-g) that is not very interesting, where the last three are significantly harder.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The exercises are fun and challenging. However, the lecture are not related to the exercises and are very hard to follow (I think it's the same thing as Brian's class in Johns Hopkins' data science course) If you are taking Bill Howe's class, just go straight to those exercises and skip lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The grader is horrible leaving you with such brief error messages. You never know what is wrong with your code. The forum is not as useful as I expected nor as it is in other Coursera courses. You know, few classmates. The videos provide you with tons of information, but not much of them are well-organized. I often felt tired and confused since these long videos seldom got to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good focus on ideas vs principles. The focus on relational algebra is a great way to look at data manipulation in general. Unfortunately, relational algebra is explained quite well, but not really applied after that. This could be a great course if it really taught to constantly think in terms of relational algebra.Okay-ish explanations of databases and hadoop. Not very deep and not always structured, but rather focused on the technology principles instead of the data principles.I think that this specialisation suffers the same problem most data science/mining/analytics courses suffer: it ignores the non-technical starting point: scientific or business relevance. How does one organise data, get to know completely new data, understand possible value? i.e. how to start a data science project if all there is is unorganised data and the wish to do 'something' with it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed videos, too long and confusedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Th first three classes are very 'thin' in content and the assignments are easy. The fourth class is basically optional and it has TONS of content. What's the point?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course, which sounds promising in title and syllabus, has many glaring deficiencies. In fact, I feel terrible if anyone ponied up $100+ for it. It roughly covers some concepts of data science, but never at scale, and never very clearly. My background is a science Ph.D. with a lot of computational science experience.The lectures: Clearly poorly planned. Bill Howe has some knowledge about databases, but little skill in communicating it. The organizational structure leaves much to be desired. Much of the lectures are broad-brush and halting, simultaneously being too detailed as times and not broad enough at other times. Technical portions are marked by a number of errors in speaking and on the slides, as well as a lot of hesitation and jargon. It's as if he neither thought about the structure of what he wanted to say or a script of what he might say prior to recoding the session. Phoning in it is an apt description.The Assignments: The first assignment with Twitter was fun and interesting and gets the course 2 stars instead of one. The lectures prior to this will not prepare you for the assignment though, so might as well just skip them and do it on your own. The SQL assignment followed a set of lectures in which no proper discussion of SQL was ever given. The last assignment on Map-Reduce is acceptable although a number of errors in the homeworks are still uncorrected long after the first offering of this course. The autograder's idea of helpful feedback is similar to "Incorrect value. Try again" Week 4 of this course, which contains a vast amount of information has no exercises at all.Overall, this class is the polar opposite of a quality online course like Andrew Ng's Machine Learning Course. Do the twitter assignment and skip the rest. Lectures are poor and assignments are well below average. If I were at UW, this is not the kind of course I'd want representing my university in a public setting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lost in details. Professionals(btw I hold a MSc degree in Computer Engineering) cannot get anything from this. What is the point of writing frequency.pl where there is a hist() function in R? If the instructor is trying to teach us how to program in any language, then I can assure you the data science class is not the right place. I recommend the instructor check ESSEC Business School for analytics subject to better comprehend the Coursera and its goals.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course left me with mixing feelings. I learned some new things, but overall I don't think that I got understanding of base concepts. Week 4 seems to have disproportionately more material than previous weeks, as though authors tried to Although free, this is course is also offered as a part of paid specialization, and I would be really disappointed if I'd spent money on a course like this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Outdated materials, theory is taught and then praxis is tested. Course needs an update to materials and either teach AND test theory, or teach AND test praxis. I passed this class by switching sessions multiple times in order to use the time to learn the practical skills in data visualization I needed to pass the tests.Additionally, the presented materials and the lecture format are very uninspiring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I suppose that we should have some basic knowledge of data visualization before this course. There are no practical sessions. I could not understand many topics and it seems that content has been missing from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too theoretical without enough practical quiz and assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course do not match its price at all, it is catastrofically sketchy. First time while using Coursera I am so much unsatisfied with some course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too dull, no programming explanations. Sometimes too simple and suddenly too technical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer reviewed assignments are next to useless, as there is no oversight on them. I think there needs to be a basic comprehension assessment done first, before allowing fellow learners the ability to pass/fail students in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great material. Some things I didn't know about disabilities and colleges, however the presentation of the videos that were not of a guest speaker were poorly done. The instructors sounded like robots and you could tell easily that they were just reading from a script.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You have to pay to upload the assigments , this does not pas in other courses ...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quiz should be open to all students... :/The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very elementary. Takes approximately 2 hours to complete.cannot continue with the in-dept material but have to wait until next week (and payment ofcourse).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They could have stated the audience of the course more clearly. I found most of the information irrelevant that added little value. Most of the things discussed are generic and would apply to any project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1-week does not seem enough for a Crash CourseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Executive Summary: Do not spend time on this course if you have minimal common sense and have read at least one article on Data Science.I finished the 11 week course "Machine Learning - Stanford University - by Andrew Ng" 2 months ago, which was such a great course! It kept me busy for about 20 days (at about 4-6 hours per day) and I learned so much!This course "A Crash Course in Data Science - Johns Hopkins University" , Part of a 5-course series, the Executive Data Science Specialization, provided just some superficial obvious information, took me only 3 hours to complete and even this time I would could wasted time.Finally coursera now starts to make courses smaller and smaller and them adding multiple of them up to "Specialization", so that at the end you have to pay much more to get a certain amount of information and course time. With this course they seem to have streched it to a new extreme. The price for the certificate for this superficial short mini course has reached the same price ($ 44) as what I payed for the extensive great Machine Learning course from Stanford University by Andrew Ng !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good intent but poor execution. Tries to summarize all the major topics but ends up delivering a totally disjointed, cut-and-paste experience with no real flow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A little devoid of depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very short. Quality of the course is also not that good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's too short, I think it should be a part of a course and not a course itself.It is a repetition of concepts and examples from other courses by john hopkins univ.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Ref: "A Crash Course in Data Science" the content could be presented in a simpler way. Some of the presentations sounds little vague and conceptual level like an Advanced Math or, Statistics class. I am wondering since this is an Executive program, is there a simpler and easy to grasp way to present the material. The text download files (i.e. txt) document descriptions needs to be more clearer. The Power Point downloads are excellent and are to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very sparse on details, and just a week of content. The lecturer is not the best at explaining concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, for absolute beginners/ managers completely new to data (let alone data science)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too short to get any depth of information. Too expensive for the content provided.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too basic, the 4 courses of this specialization could be just one course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too theoretical, e.g, comparison between statistics and ML is not at all useful. Too many quizzes after very short classes and on topics of absolutely generic things.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very general course. Doesn't give much insight into data science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it's a shame to split a one month course to four.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is too short.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only one week. Not much depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very much focused in the method of DCF, but there is a lack of information regarding how to apply it to startups in practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion, this course is a waste of time, it simply throws a bunch of links and terminology for you to google and research. The project is interesting but once again, you have to do tons of research and take up other courses to fill the gaps (might as well do the other courses instead of this one).I do not recommend this course or the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
NLP is a total different thing and should be a course by itself. I would prefer a a large scale machine learning capstone where we could make models and it would fit better to real life situation! Through all the courses I worked hard only to reach NLP capstone? this doesn't feel right! Please fix it!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough information on how to approach the final project. The project itself is very time consuming with lots of self learning and unclear specifications.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course has nearly nothing to do with the previous themes. I already have had enough knowledge, but as there is no support by the team it seems to be rather time consuming for others.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Of all the offerings in the specialization, this one felt like it was thrown together in less than hour. I expected to have to learn quite a bit of material on my own, but even the references to additional materials were very thin.I could have saved many days if more guidance on the project workflow would have been given. The pre-processing of the data was quite extensive (9 steps before generating the ngram tables I used in my model) and was the key to getting decent results IMHO, but one had to step on a quite a few landmines to figure this out.The problem was an interesting one and I ended up reworking it after passing with 95% (the only class in the specialization I didn't get 100% on) because I didn't have time to implement much of what I had to figure out by 'hard-knocks'The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A poor end to a poor Coursera specializations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I hope it will involve statistics analysis in the capstone project. It is kind of bias to apply NLP knowledge and develop data product in the capstone project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I currently taking this capstone and I must unfortunately say that this is the most worst course in the whole specialization. Of course the topic NLP and word prediction is interesting, but the problem is, that this is a dead course. A couple of students in the forum strugeling with details, but there is NO Mentor, no Professor or other course staff and no SwiftKey engineer as announced in the Project Overview.So everything you have to figure out completely by yourself and this takes a lot of more time than the 4-9 hours. And also why should you pay for a course where you learn anyway only ba your own.Pick any intersting topic you would like to work on and invest the time in this instead of paying for this Capstone without any support form Coursera, JHU or SwiftKey.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately this project is not fully aligned with all the previous program, which is a shame. Ideally, the project was more related to quantitative data, or have compulsory module NPL. It was certainly a very important learning, but very stressful to have to grasp NPL and do the project in a short time.Learning NPL in short time in a DIY way without any help it was very negative and stressful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coursera lost my thoughtful 2-star review so I am replacing it with this. I learned a lot through my own efforts and through the efforts of students who bothered to post in the forums. The one mentor disappeared half-way through the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The capstone project doesn't fully utilise d knowledge from earlier modules such as Machine Learning, statistical analysis, regression models n etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed with this final course. Little to no support. Discussion Forum provides some level of help but you are basically on your own.Very challenging to come up to speed with Natural Language Processing techniques if you have never taken any class about it.My recommendation to JHU and Coursera is to add a separate course for NLP where you cover all the basics and then have the Capstone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is outdated and abandoned by the teachers.SwiftKey engineers are nowhere to be seen.There is no guidance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
None of the previous classes will prepare you for this one. This is not really a class, but rather a project on a topic NEVER covered in any of the previous classes in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The explanations are not clear. The course is very theoretical, there's just one obligatory programming task. It's one of the worst courses I have ever enrolled in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really disappointing. The slides contain a lot of paper references that seem to be of high quality (that's the reason I'm giving it 2 stars and not just 1)... but the course itself is bad: it covers many algorithms, but so superficially that you learn nothing; and there are not enough programming assignments to really allow you to get any intuition on the concepts.I would love to see this be turned into a 5-course, 30-week specialization in itself (and the professor sure looks like he has the knowledge to fill these 30 weeks)... but as a single course over 4 weeks, it's not good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too theoretical without enough practical quiz and assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A list of research papers to read further that's it. The course is too short to cover the subject so it covers nothing in the end.The programming assignment have no help, whatsoever it's "do it" any language. The 2 programming assignment doesn't have much to do with the course. We don't even talk about the algo to use to do it. It looks like coursera has asked the professor to add a programming assignment to the course and he had 3 minutes to choose what it could be.It shouldn't be advertised in coursera as it is.Ah, forgot to mention that no one replies to the forums,actually no one uses them.I think the subject is very interesting but this course gives a really bad advertising to Coursera, the university and the professor.It needs more work before it's deployed on the platform.I am going to try another Coursera course in the same kind of subject I hope it won't be the same.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a developer I consider this a very poor course. It can be good for manager and business people to better understand what technologies are available these days, but that it. You can easily look at the syllabus, go to the wikipedia and read the pages on presented subject and you will get the same knowledge. There were no programming assignments, quizes and exams were not challenging at all and some questions were really confusing. I won't recommend it to anyone and it shouldn't be part of this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mr. Campbell's presentations are quite boring and consist of a handful of phrases repeated over and over again. The subjects are treated very superficially and the presentation style is confusing. I recommend to other students to read the Wikipedia articles about the subjects instead. Several times it feels like Mr. Campbell has never before seen the slides he is reading from and he is simply inventing stuff. Some information presented is plain wrong. Also, there is repeated talk of practical exercises to come, but that never happens. To Mr. Campbell's presentations, I would only award ONE STAR.On the other hand I really liked the presentations from Mr. Farivar. He obviously knows what he is talking about and presents the material in a clear and understandable way. He should take over the whole course and let Mr. Campbell do some research back in his office. I would award 4.5 STARS to Mr. Farivar.The homeworks of this course are simply checking for a very basic understanding of the topics. E.g. "To do this and that, would you use technology A, B, or C?" Where the answer are some quite different technologies.The course needs more involvement of the students by going more in-depth and adding some practical exercises.Had the cloud computing specialization started with this course, I would probably have aborted it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the video is too longThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interresting, but too easy to understand. Not much details. Very easy course, but you won't learn a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It tries to cover a lot of ground. Lack of some practical tasks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was really focused on high level concepts of different technologies, the level was really basic. No details have been served.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coming out from two very good predecessors (C3, parts 1&2), this course is somewhat a disappointment. The contents are too broad without real focused depth, and too much time spent on background info in almost all lectures. There ought to be more hands-on practices, and the assessments should be more challenging towards understanding, rather than matching terms.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is neither high level nor low level. After having taking Cloud Computing Concepts Part I and 2 (which were excellent), I expected a continuation of the very deep level of technical material. This course doesn't do this. Instead it is sort of much higher level except that the instructor fails to stay at the high level and will suddenly go deep - but without providing the detail so that someone to whom this is new will be totally lost. Given that I was expecting the technical depth of CCC parts 1 and 2, I already had much of the knowledge that was presented and could figure out what the instructor was trying to present, but I felt bad for someone who wasn't already familiar with the material. It is my opinion that the course needs to be taken offline and redone.Note: Apparently I took a prior version of CCC parts 1 and 2 so my comments on those two courses may or may not apply anymore.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is no one participating or collaborating here! There's no way to get help.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Concentrated on image manipulation which would be ok if you wanted to build visual websites for a living. If you want to code anything like business applications (like I did) I wouldn't do this course.Because pixel manipulation wasn't something I was interested in (in the JavaScript section) at all I found the course really boring but it was too late to pull out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course contents are pretty good, but the suggested time to complete each week's assignment is misleading. I spent on average 2 hours for each assignment that suggested 10 mins to complete. I end up spending way to much time on this course than I planned to.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So many better options out there to learn to code. The videos on this course had me so confused that I eventually gave up and went to another website to learn what I was supposed to be learning here. Asked a question on the forum that another student was also having a problem and nobody answered me.Very very boring. Try somewhere else.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course focused so much in interacting with images instead of the HTML, CSS and JS subjectsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a lie. I do everything. I complete week 2 and now i come back to watch videos about week 3 and i see that i dont do anything.Can you imagine ?Good job guyz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
wow. the presentations are really boring! the Java script part is super confusing!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very inconsistent when it comes to JavaScript. Instead of giving fundamentals of the language, course instructors prefer to give you a bunch of non-standard libraries and teach you a couple of randomly selected methods which could be applied to images. All core concepts such as data types, data structures are explained very sketchy. OOP paradigm isn;t explained at all. For example, they give you a line of code which goes something like:var x = new SimpleImage("...");no explanation of what SimpleImage is is given neither you are taught how exactly it works. Apparently, this course relies heavily on self-learning the lib docs given on their site.All together this leads you to simply monkey-coping lecture materials into code editor without even realising how it works and what it does. This course is at best serve observatory purpose to give student just a peek at what web development is like.This course could not be used as a solid foundation fow specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
bad explanations, nothing you can do at exams without researching from external sources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teachers and instructors really should make better videos and stop giving peer edit assignment when people are picky and do not grade your assignment. The instructors should also give their contacts to let their students contact them when the discussion forums dont workThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not relevant in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 1 and 2 were very useful. As a beginner, I learned a lot about HTML and CSS. Week 3 was a big leap to JavaScript, and the level of difficulty was the reason why I quit the course. Concepts are not well-explained, a lot of material for completing the tasks is missing. Please make JavaScript part simple for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really enjoyed the first two weeks. When it came to JavaScript I couldn't follow, so much information was missing and lessons were not clear anymore. I understand that the goal was to teach the most in a short time but this was not the right approach.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm confused as to why there was so much emphasis on domain knowledge rather than a good, solid foundation of basic principles. I'm also failing to see how much of this is going to be applicable to future installments of this course. As a starter for a Java course I am worried.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The most terrible course I have ever seen in my life and on this site. For some of quiz questions, you feel like you are dumb because you can not make connection between lectures and quizzes. I really wanted to learn java on coursera but It seems impossible to me. Focusing on rbg values and image thingies too much and making me feel uncomfortable at quizzes after watching all those lectures are the main reasons of giving 1 star.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Speaking of beginner level it is good until you are learning css in it . but as java script starts this course becomes a headache , not because javascript is difficult but they made it difficult . instead of going with basics they teach you to manipulate images . which is not every one's interest field . they should improve their javascript course . other than that it is ok .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The jump to javascript is too great for beginners. Fundamental concepts of programming severely need more time spent on but are in fact glossed over too quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
showed me 4 videos and no course instruction, am bummed really wants to take the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No consistency, from very easy web design fundamentals to advanced Javascript with no explanation videos to help over a series of quizzes and assignments in week 3 lesson 3.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All the modules but last are really interesting and informative. The last week's module is very poorly explained, a beginner cannot really understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I learned eight lines of Java code in four weeks, and we never implemented any of it into a web application (viz, a script that actually runs in a live website). Read a book instead. It's cheaper, takes about the same amount of time, and you learn a lot more. I gave it a star because one was the minimum. It should be zero because it wasted my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really poor course. Rather than starting from the basics, this course picks random information to work with. Week 1 was information anybody with a computer knows. Week 2 was really good. Week 3 and 4 were completely useless. Rather than starting from the basics they jump into picture manipulation and encoding. Don't take this class if you want to learn about coding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed and explained. You do not really gain much knowledge from this course.I would not recommend my friends and basically others to take this course. There are far better courses out there for much cheaper prices.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is NOT a beginner's course. There is not enough coverage of fundamental programming concepts, and too much playing around with complex application concepts such as Steganography. Simple image manipulation is a good way to teach programming concepts. Teaching bit arithmetic in a first programming course is NOT. Also, there are many errors in the videos that should be corrected. And finally, this course is advertised as requiring 3-5 hours per week. What a huge underestimate! I have been programming professionally since 1989. Other than week 1, every week requires closer to 8-10 hours at least. Stop advertising this as a beginning course, or restructure it such that it is more appropriate for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors overly explain simple concepts and talk about programming inbetween makes the course confusing then you get lost and quiz you on stuff that was not properly explaiunedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course but I dont like how you have to finish each module within a week it would be better if you could finish everything in fourweeksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The JAVASCRIPT part of the course was to difficult for me I didn't understand enough. I would like to see more tutorial.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Tutors reading from a teleprompter comes across as robotic, lifeless and boring. We should be told before we do a piece of work that we can only submit it by upgrading, not afterwards!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course, starting from week 3 in NOT for beginners at all. If you are truly new to programming you would understand nothing from the Java Script part of the course. A lot of people complain about the same issue during the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really useful ~ I would like to email in a PDF file of commentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I quit this course as it does not live up to the specialization which it begins. JavaScript is not Java. The course description should clearly state that JavaScript will be taught and that it will be used to draw boxes of different colors. I was extremely let down by this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not for beginners at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is a bit of a show. Maybe that's good for teenagers and Millennials, but not for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was very disappointed in this course which held much promise. Too much of it has to do with the changing of colours. I got bogged down by hex colour requirements and other ancillary requirements. I did not want to learn such things. I wanted to learn the methodologies of programming and how the statements in HTML, CSS and Javascript interact. All of these areas were only touched on in very minor ways and with little learned. I got more out of the books I borrowed from the library in the same timeframe.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
HTML and CSS is good. JS search for another course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
okay for an intro, not the most boring content. It is a bit aweful that the insist on you using their libraries and programming environments. You spend perhaps 20% of your actually practicing coding, and the rest is wasted in libraries you will never use againThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wanted to learn more about programming, but instead I found myself tested on RGB combinations and building a website straight out of 1998. The course is scatter and although it claims to be for beginners, it covers programming concepts rather quickly. If i hadn't taken other programming classes, I would have been lost.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is misleading in a lot of ways. It is not for beginners at all. The quizzes in the course are beyond impossible. The lecture videos give an introduction to some concepts, but you are left on your own to figure everything out. They do not provide the proper tools to enable students to understand or pass. Reading through a lot of the discussion boards, there are two types of students: 1. those like me, who have never programmed in their life, and cannot figure any of this out, and 2. Those who have all sorts of experience and write things that are way advanced for a "Beginners" course.Do yourself a favor, and seriously do some research on appropriate programs before signing up for this one. It needs to be structured way better than what it is now.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very basic course. Learned about HTML ,CSS in initial classes. Then it was completely JavaScript. But there was no details about how to use JavaScript for web programming. Projects and Quizzes are kind of ok difficulty.I will recommend this course for the people who are not aware of programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very poor content on Java Script. If you just started JS do not take this course. It will be too hard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First two weeks of the course were ok, but after that it became something like JavaScript clap-trap, oriented to playing with images. I wanted to know how to make web-pages, I didn't get that information from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not everything is explained well so very challenging for someone with no prior coding experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No ancillary reading material or text to help along with the assignments lead me to fail the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturers are speaking very fast. Some times at the code practice it is not understandable how to solve the problem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Last week was incredibly difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Final assignment is too difficult to do for beginners. It's crucial for them not to pass the course unless getting a certain score on the final assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors rushed through the Javascript part. Unlike the previous sections, this section assumes that one knows Java and its syntax beforehand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much emphasis on taking tests versus actually programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I drop at the beginning of the Javascript, before Javascript, everything is good, after Javascript, "What are they talking about"?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is the first course in the Courser's Java Programming specialization, however, it uses JavaScript to teach high level programming concepts. If you want to learn JavaScript, this course is not for you. If you want to learn Java, this course is not for you.The course mainly solves image manipulation problems with Duke's proprietary JavaScript IDE. All the details are "black boxed" so you can't see what's in the JavaScript functions. I believe this is the wrong way to teach newbies because too much abstraction is never good.Also, as a man, I was personally offended by Professor Susan Rodger saying she wanted to see more women in programming. More woman means less men and that is sexist. As a supporter of equal opportunity, Duke University should take disciplinary action against Professor Rodger. I will not financially support any University that allows it's faculty to express inappropriate personal ideology in a classroom setting.I do not recommend this course, or any course with Professor Susan Rodger.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
HTML and CSS were GREAT. JavaScript was very confusing as it did not teach me what each part of the code meant, including the syntax --- and hence I was unable to understand anything by Week 4, despite having listened to all the lectures and participated in the all the activities. I wish JavaScript's structure was more consistent with that of HTML and CSS.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A giant and complete waste of time. $79, and 1 month of work and it's all Javascript, no java. Worse yet, you are required to work in BlueJ, (google it) with custom Javascript functions that you are not allowed to view or use outside the course. So, none of the code you write in this course will ever be able to be used anywhere else. (The functions probably are in a minified file, but the students were not given access to that file.) A complete waste of time. I would give it ZERO stars but can't submit this rating without giving it one star.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Definitely not a course for a beginners, very confusing. The part with the Javascript is a real horror for beginners and even challenging for some newly programmers!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Waaay too basic and simple for a comprehensive principles course. One or two concepts is not enough to gain an understanding. The power behind online learning is that if it takes you three views to understand it all, you have the luxury. Please beef up the videos and the assignments. The assignments had no feedback mechanism so I could easily plow through them without any knowledge of whether I did them right.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Actually it's rather hard to understand how JavaScript works if you'd never learnt it before this course. And all this comments like "write a programm before start the quiz" hold me up to ridicule, because as a beginner I don't understand logic of writing.HTML & CSS are simple, so there's no problem here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poorly structured. Explanation and examples were not very helpful. should revamp the course content and video lectures (specially the steganography part).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I's not exactly class for the beginners. First half covers HTML and CSS and quite understandable and easy. Although, it might also help that I had class completely on HTML and CSS in the past, so I actually know what to do to write necessary code. The second part is on JavaScript. And here is where problem starts (at least for me). I didn't take JavaScript class in the past and it was all new for me. Professors try to explain it in few lectures 10-15 minutes each and then they expect you to write couple of programs and to make some project from scratch in few days. Sorry, maybe it's just me, but I got to have much more then about an hour of explanation to do so. I would highly recommend anyone who is new to JavaScript to take JavaScript class first and then to start this one. And no, I'm not new to programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly not a very well designed course. I went through the videos and tests for weeks 1 and 2 and found that it's just rushing us through the basics while not really telling us much. Much of it was "here's an introduction to a tiny detail... You go find out the rest"..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is just definitions... and the next one as well. I was expecting a few more technical examples or exercises (mixed with their accompanying definitions), but I will check another course that is not so academic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course does not has lecture slides that is better for students to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The big assignment at the end contains instructions that are outdated and incomplete. Given the length of the course, it feels like you already need to know the material before even taking it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was very upset by the end of this course. The documentation was terrible. I ended up spending way to much on AWS even though I managed it the best I could Terminating instances. In general, I think this course would have been more fulfilling if the documentation was appropriate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is really bad. The instruction is not enough to solve the programming assignment. The almost contents aren't related to communicating data science result.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'll say the same about this class as the rest of the specialization, if you have the skills to complete this course then you don't need to take this course. If you don't have the skills to complete this course, you will not complete this course. The course instruction is at 10000 feet level and the assignments are very challenging and the course will NOT teach you the skills required to complete the assignments. The AWS final assignment is a very much throw you into the deep end with no real instruction (well at least completely outdated instructions) and will expect you to swim (or more likely for most people, to drown).I recommend the Machine Learning Course (from Bill's colleagues) at University of Washington. That is a course where you get some real instruction and understanding of how to complete assignments (though still very challenging).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not maintained. It's flat out exploitative to throw students at an AWS assignment without updated instructions and with outdated versions of pig scripts, etc. They're setting students up to hemorrhage money on AWS and possibly not get anything out of it. Under no circumstances should you take this course or even this specialization so long as this assignment is gating it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much of the assignment was out of date. The content was not related to big portion of the assignment. There was no way of getting clarification over the outdated assignment content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are excellent, but do not take this course if you are not already proficient in a graphing package, whether it's R, python, or something else much more sophisticated than Excel. Otherwise you will be faced with the painfully frustrating task of learning a package while trying to complete an assignment, all with a short deadline.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1)the course is very abstract and is looks more like an obvious advertisement. Less than 10% contains useful information and the rest is describes the same idea "Cloud is good" with various words and phrases.2)buggy. And the worst thing is one of the last tasks contain a bug which doesn't allow you to pass this course. So you've completed all the tasks and in the end you find out that you just can't finish the course.3)The course is about "Cloud" as a technical term. Then why in the end you require to complete a task which is fully philosophical? And of course again - you have completed a course and in the end instead of finished course you will get this "sucker punch".Good luck to everyone who wants to try to pass this course because in my opinion it means a wasted time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week one starts with interesting material that relates probability to data science. Unfortunately as the course progress the course material and videos become less and less helpful. Ultimately the student has to visit other web sites and youtube to actual learn the expected material. The course notes are next to useless and the video are equally unhelpful. I am sure the teachers know their stuff but they have no idea on teaching it clearly based on the material presented in this course. Avoid this course, and head over to KhanAcedemy and complete their probability and statistics program and you will actually learn all the material in this course with a ton of examples and top class videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very rushed presentation. Blows right through a lot of fundamental concepts without a deep enough explanation or enough practice material (especially in the last two weeks). I feel like completing this class will require supplementation with better instruction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very short. I've completed it in about 4 hours. Nothing was told about linear algebra, statistics, optimization. It is not enough even to learn Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult content not explained well by the presenters.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic. Should give an example on how these math skills are used in data science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic course... probably won't teach you a lot of new thingsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very strong with respect to presenting the concepts you need to know for data science. It is extremely WEAK in terms explaining those concepts. If you are like me and did this kind of math back in the 70's and 80's but have not used it since, be prepared to seek sources outside Coursera in order to understand the material and pass the quizzes. The instructors leave out explanations and skip important points leaving you confused about the concept.Example: In the Permutations and Combinations sections, "results" of calculations are thrown at you with no explanation of how the instructor got the answer. 10 minutes later, totally as an aside, you get the explanation. The course is not taught in such a way that A leads to B, B leads to C, and C leads.....; instead the instructor will tell you about C, might explain A, and forget about mentioning B until the graded quiz. That is why you will need to fill in the gaps using websites like betterexplained.com or kahnacademy.com.The student is better served by looking at the syllabus and then going to either of those sites - where the explanations are worth your time.In addition to failing to present steps in a logical order, the course often teaches at an extremely basic level but tests at a much, much higher level. Again, to get to the higher level of understanding needed to pass ANY of the required, graded quizzes, the student will need to heavily utilize outside sources. The explanations on the practice quizzes also fail in many cases to thoroughly explain why an answer is correct.Then there are the issues with Coursera itself, the course navigation using Chrome is quite bad. If I did not constantly monitor what part of a course I should be in versus what part of the course automatically loaded next, I often found myself taking a quiz for which no lectures had been presented. The TA's response to my complaint was flippant and WRONG. She then closed my question and I could not respond or ask for more details.If I had it to do over again I would invest my time and money somewhere else. In my opinion, Coursera should rescind the instructors' rights to charge for this course until the instructors improve and meet higher teaching standards.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've done quite a few online courses over the past few years, and I consider this is without doubt the poorest. The lectures do not comprehensively provide the information needed to complete the assignments. I think this is not just my opinion either as posts in the course forum suggest other participants have the same view. The stated module completion times are wildly optimistic. I only managed to complete the course by substantial independent research. Consequently, I would not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a pure advertisement for IBM products. I entered the course expecting to learn about Raspberry pi and Python and got nothing our of it! If you are really looking to learn about IoT, check out a course called " An introduction to programming IoT" by University of California, Irvine. I am taking this course right now and already learning a ton! This course, on the other hand, is a total waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The grader functionality is bullshit. Working code needs to be fitted to the way its excepted to be.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hi, I am an IT specialist (30 years experience). I undertook the course so I could learn about IBM Bluemix and IoT development, and extend my skills/understanding of the environment. However, I have very little good to say about this course offering. I had numerous issues with what was offered:The videos were generally ok, but some had poor audio. There was minimal video (compared to any other course I have done), and more detail and discussion in videos would have been more helpful.Some of the video material is out of date already, as I suspect Bluemix layout has changed - this made navigation a bit confusing.The downloadable Pi image has changed since the course was prepared, and the newer image has different code as standard. I ended up having to muddle-through manually loading packages and dependencies, etc. to get things to work.I lost many hours trying to debug and rework assignment code, just to get it to work for the grader tool. This was further complicated by not having good debug output from the grader to work with. Naturally some of the grader fails were my own fault, but the majority of issues I ran in to could have been avoided by better worded assignments and/or more detail about requirements.Lastly, it was taking sometimes days to get any response to requests for guidance on the forums / discussions. In fact, I think the majority of useful assistance came from other students who had run in to the same issue(s). When you have a course that is such a short time frame, you really need to be providing assistance in a timely manner.I could not, in any good faith, recommend anyone take this course in the future - which is a little saddening. I do thank the lecturers for their efforts thus far, and sincerely hope they can either improve or drop this course offering in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The intro video just really put me off. sorry!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was interested in this course but as it stands it is more like marketing hype than a proper course. For one thing it tries to cover far too much material in 4 weeks. Within the limited scope of the beta test I started the node red stuff. It looks easy but the lecturer didn't make it clear what it was for anyway.A much more thorough introduction should have been given to everything.The lectures on the Rasberry Pi were a joke. In order to do the course within 4 weeks I would have had to order a Rasberry Pi before getting to these lectures. A clear guide to course prerequisites and the Rasberry Pi and Sensehat must be provided.Neither of the tutors seem very happy about their job. This is a small point and not a show stopper.Overall - don't issue this course without major revisions (perhaps a new course team).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The obstacle of not knowing French is quite detrimentalThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not like the different language. I do not read fast enough to keep up and understand what is bing said. I think we should have a language button to translate to English or any other language that takes cources from Corsera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Decent course content, but fairly basic. However, the peer graded evaluations are subjective and take too long to get feedback and progress in coursework. I will not be taking another course that uses this loose of a peer evaluation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All it's about visual design. I was expecting more deep on tableau usage.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No Feedback from quizes, it doesn't even show you what you have answered, makes it very tedious to study the material. I like the questions during the video, that is an addition that ought to be used more often, because it forces you to remember and learn faster.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not enjoy this one. I find it too politically charged as it emphasized the "visual diversity" (religion, ethnicity) over the "second-order diversity" (diversity of professional profiles and personalities) which should be the focus of a management course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the course is extremely useful, however assignments need review as the exercises results have mistakes and they are not explained very well (missing step by step guidance).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, the content of the course is poor. Too many interviews and some of them are pointless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is too basic, and both lectures are too boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
instructions for assignments are not clear! Lectures are good, but its practically impossible to get the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos for this course seemed to be 30% recap of the prior lesson, and 20% restatement of what was learned. Some even duplicated their own content in the restatement. The material covered was simply running through each of the menus in Tableau. Again, this material may be of use, but would be better as a primer for the class rather than presented as useful, paid content. Terribly disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not well designed, there are multiple mistakes in the videos, assignments, etc. The content is covered after you already had to apply it in an assignment in a previous lesson. The tests are also not well made. The instructions to peer-reviewed assignments are not clear and will not bring you to the correct result which is shown during peer review. No involvement from the faculty, no one to answer questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is essentially a subset of the information available in the free tutorials on Tableau's website. And a pretty small subset with that; the total length of the course is less than most of the MOOCs I have taken have for one week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hello,I've completed 5 modules of the specialization successfully with excellent grades. However, the biggest challenge and disappointment was the capstone. The case given is pertaining exclusively to the North American market. Students enrolling into the course are situated globally which makes it extremely challenging to gather data to understand and substantiate our work on the project. Several hours of extensive research yields no usable data which could provide a logical direction to the project. Reading material provided explains mainly the company profile, a few links are blocked due to geographical restrictions, reports that are available are to be purchased etc. While the money invested is not refundable now, however coursera with university team needs to seriously resolve this point. All learning done through the course remains largely a theoretical knowledge if a student isn't able to apply it in his/her job.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This capstone is unavailable most part of the year. I paid in advance for the complete Digital Marketing Specialisation which is a 1 year subscription thinking I can complete the course anytime I want (that is how they advertise it). I finished all the theory well within the 2 months into my enrolment. When I came to the capstone project it was unavailable and for almost 3-4 months. When I contacted coursera.org they had no clue when it is going to start. I am a working professional and my schedule gets very busy when I am on projects. And ever since then whenever the capstone is available my schedule has been very busy. I have completed 2 Assignments in capstone and 4 to go and the 1 year subscription is over. Coursera.org says I have to pay for it again to continue which I am never willing to. There is no courtesy to a student/customer who has paid for the course. I have paid in full but I don't have the Digital Marketing Specialisation Certificate. This platform is more about money than education.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is no doubt that coursera platform is the best education in the worldBut I want to learn digital marketing and this Capstone needs to experience in the digital marketing not less than 10 yearsI wish there are a path or templates to work and learn, such as the Capstone project of specialization in marketing social mediaThere is lack of information and data and the previous five courses is insufficient for professional project like this CapstoneThe first course marketing in the digital world was really the best course in courseraand This course is really the worst course in courseraAnd unhelpful and I did not learn anything from this course only gather information from various sources to pass assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The capstone topic was not very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Capstone exercises were very ambiguous, the students were left to interpret they way they had to finish and how they rated their peers.The peer reviews were poor with little to no feedback and the focus was on how the material was laid out vs what the content was.I have done other coursers and capstones in Coursera this was one of the poorest. UIUC has to revamp this. More guidance to students in the instructions would be the first step.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A bit difficult in terms or using very complicated words....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some of the algorithms are pretty cool but overall the course is not worth it. The material is pretty weak.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad course. No videos, just an interactive textbook. The course states all you need is "high school level biology" yet you require coding knowledge for the very first quiz. there are side questions on the first week like does this algorithm runs in O(k * l * x^2) or O(xllogk) without ANY explanation. I guess you can find much much better book about bioinformatics, and as this course is nothing more then a book i recommend a better one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, as often happens, what is "simple" and basic for one is not that for another. This course presumes a comfortableness with coding that I simply do not possess as a teacher of high school science. Please try and develop a true introductory course that normal, non-programmers can access. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the course content to be too simple, hence uninteresting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sadly, I found the presentation poor: not at all fluent, and under-prepared - sometimes what was said was different from what was written (which was correct), potentially causing confusion. Also, some results were given without justifying them, for instance the concept of simplest number was stated but not properThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not recommend this course if you want to be taught intuitively. The slides are mostly just a list of bullet points, with very few intuitive figures or charts (normally figures/charts are easier to understand and remember, even the simple ones). You are just fed with lots of concepts throughout the course. But in the end, you are suddenly required to do some practical C programming in Contiki (an embedded OS), which you need to spend some time to figure out quite a number of practical issues just for a successful run.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I categorize this course in the beginner level not intermediate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is for people having advanced knowledge in embedded architecture and knowledge. Until 3rd week is perfectly alright. But from 4th week the course changes to advanced knowledge. I do not think an intermediate could easily grasp enough knowledge from the 4th week. Kindly do the needful to change it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is a shallow introduction to a set of topics about embedded systems, it tries to cover too much without really explaining the concepts. The videos could have some diagram.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Useless bla-bla-bla in general words. Nothing concrete. It is not possible to build embedded system with OS after finishing it. IoT is mentioned just for marketing and promotion. If you seriously consider developing OS-based embedded system even just reading Wiki pages about EOS would not be such a waste of time as listening to this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course to be dry. No practical examples. Just information presentation, like reading from a book. The lectures do not prepare you very well for the Quizzes and even less for the assignments. This is the only course in Coursera that really got me disappointed. Since there are not many students in this course one might feel a bit "left alone".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Main issues I encountered in the course:- many videos end with a suggestion to "refer to the suggested materials for more information". Which are these materials, and where can they be found?- the slides could use some diagrams here and there, as the constant text screens are monotonous and make understanding harder in some cases- the course does not settle on a balance between breadth and depth of information. Some aspects are presented at a very high level, yet using very specialised terminology and concepts. For instance, context switching when describing the disadvantages of microkernels, or pre-emptively scheduled systems - I have a CS background and had no problem with these aspects, but I am aware I am highly subjective. It's a case of "chicken and egg", where if you understand the low level concepts you probably don't need the course, and if you don't understand them you also can't understand the high level concepts.- At the end of the Week 3 videos describing the three OSs, it is said "In order to know the details on how to write a program and run applications in Riot/Contiki/TinyOS, please come back to our lectures who have more detailed videos."Which lectures are these, and where can they be found?- the only practical exercises in the course (Week 4) are only vaguely related to the course's targets-----All this being said, it is an ok introduction to the embedded OS world, if you bring your own CS and OS background knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A jurassic park image, with material you can read by yourself?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The information in the videos was very interesting and well presented. I feel like I learned a lot. However, the quizzes and tests seemed to be of a very different level, and often covered material that was hardly discussed in the lectures. I understand that students are expected to do independent learning of material, but the gulf between lectures and test difficulty was extreme. If others were interested in learning about the basics of music theory, I would not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After going through each lesson, week by week and thinking I was really learning something, but I can't pass the first exam (even with my notes and Google) and almost had a panic attack when I looked at the second exam.I feel like I wasted fifty dollars and hours of my life in order to get what little belief I had that I might have actually learned something come crashing down.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One way (approach) to 'teaching' data shows only that you know data but haven't designed multiple ways of teaching it. No, feedback from instructors, directly, makes it hard to obtain conceptual understandings. ie, as soon as you become lost with the one-way taught week, no way to grasp the following weeks. There could be a higher rate of success AND enjoyment of learning, if more thought were put into 'How to teach' the material. Been playing music for over 30 years and am failing from week 4 on. This shouldn't be as confusing as Coursera has made it. Disappointed and DISCOURAGED!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was fun as a refresher course. If you're brand new to music theory, this course won't help much unless you spend a lot of extra time learning the concepts using secondary materials, google, youtube, and your own keyboard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lack of teacher or teaching assistant participation in the forum discussions is deafening. For an institution like the host institution, this is odd. I liked the course, but it was not very well organized. Seems like it was for experienced musicians, eve though the goals of the course hinted at it being for beginners as well. Good Course, badly organized.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course does not do a good job at teaching the material. The lecture videos gloss over the topics briefly, but do not give a thorough explanation of the core topics of the course. The quizzes will repeatedly test on terms not even remotely mentioned in any of the course materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
could offer and cover much more subjects.spend too much time on basics, less on advanced.could have chosen better music examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material itself is enjoyable, but the quizzes don't work properly. The feedback given to the same responses between retakes is contradictory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very unevenly paced and constructed course - not at all delivered to the standard of the previous Coursera courses I have followed. Some lectures are clear and guide the learner step by step - and then others suddenly assume a level of knowledge and sophistication that is at a significantly higher level and includes concepts that have either not been introduced or have been dealt with in minimal detail. It also ends up focusing more on music analysis than music theory - while there is a relationship between these 2 approaches I did not embark on this course to become an analyst - as a practising musician I wanted to understand more of the concepts behind what I do and hear. Very disappointed - I will now look elsewhere to satisfy my learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very low content: I got more information about Berklee than about music from this course. It is more of a show-off of the university than it is an actual informative course. Looks a lot like a yt tutorial, just much fancier because they are berklee. I watched from the beginning to the end waiting for them to start talking about anything other than naming intervals, but it didn't happen. They try to ear-train you, but any app for ear-training will do it better. Quite disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I enjoyed the videos, but not the assignments. I wanted to have fun and learn more about the music that I think makes life more beautiful. The final assignment in the module was unclear to me and the feedback unkind. Telling me to wait a year, get outside help and try again is not in any manner fun or helpful. I can't imagine doing that to a student of mine, a peer, or even a stranger. Nor do I find it in keeping with the claim this should be fun. In the end I would rather be an uninformed lover of music than make myself crazy trying to learn it with people that are taking an introduction class and clearly forgot what it was like to be in your first couple of months of learning music. It is like learning calculus from the math instructor that thinks some of the steps are so obvious that he can skip them forgetting he has a PhD in math.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some lectures were quite interesting but the generel course level is very low. Furthermore, I think several topics is missing which I believed the course would cover like GLP Tox, CMC, IND filing and the topics which are covered should be covered in more depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The certificate doesn't show hours per week and the topics we did during the course. I paid for an empty paper.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too much speciific details that make the course difficult to understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very disappointed in this specilization/course. I am working as a business analyst in a data warehouse consulting firm, so I was highly motivated to take all the courses! However, lecturer's poor delivery has taked me aback! It is really hard to grasp the information when it has simply been read to you! The lecturer is always reading and it makes me sick (sorry!). Anyway, I would not continue with the courses if nothing changed. In my opinion, if the lecturer respects students and his field of study, he does not READ from the script and lack motivation...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of this course felt inconsequential, unhelpful, and not worth the money. I'd condense some of the commonsense aspects into other sections of the course and eliminate the 20-40 minutes of filler videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I took onus with a number of ideas/concepts offered, simply because they are either misrepresentative of SM or untrue. First, the the "prof" who talked about visuals OVERPLAYED the role of visuals online. The Internet began as a text communications vehicle, not a medium to share graphics (etc). The rise of video, images only grew as the technology evolved to allow easy distribution. Words are still key online--are there ANY websites major who do not use words? In fact, for many of the good ones, visuals take a secondary role to the actual written content. Second, the section about joining a community and then faking your way to gaining credibility by posing as a newbie etc--especially by marketers--is highly reviled by many SM communities. As an INFLUENCER who has been approached by many marketers in the past decade "to help them understand something" (etc) I can tell you, we do suss you out quickly and treat you appropriately. We are not here to provide free consulting to make you feel or look competent or knowledgeable (as we would for real members of a community). I contacted a friend who's an influencer in different communities to me, with what your "expert" suggested. He, too, was not happy with what was in this unit. If you want to know why marketers have a bad rep? It's because of bad advice given in webinars like this one. I am so glad I did not pay for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nowhere near as useful as the first two courses. The assignment did not feel particularly relevant to the bulk of the course materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class is far too theoretical and abstract. You only have to get 50% to pass the quizzes, which indicates how difficult it is to understand the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is very unclear.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very well put together. It marked some answers as wrong that were actually correct.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was the worse experience I have so far on Coursera Platform; the course itself was sloppy and with nearly zero content. The instructors spent too much time telling you what you will learn and talking too slowly as if wanting to fill in the gaps than actually having some worthy material prepared for all the "pupils" out there, who gave their time, effort, and commitment. Pity really.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course requires that you already are a manager or are in a position very similar to a manager. More importantly, this course is filled with "neuro-babble". The fact that the hoax (by now debunked) of the "positivity ratio" and the "attractors of happiness" are still in the course and presented as fact is a big red flag. Not recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The exercises are not very interesting. The exercises initially focusses on identifying a leader who we have worked with but It should also focus on how am I as a leader, what is my level of emotional intelligence, how do I scale up basis some test etc. I lost interest in the course because it was more about seeing some one else as a leader than myself.There is a lot of research into the course yet it is too theoretical & not put in precise & interesting manner. The module needs to be shorter.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor rambled on when back on forth on topics and numbers too much and made the videos much longer than they needed to be. Some of the information is badly outdated like the electric vehicle driving range and hybrid vehicles only able to drive a mile with ouThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material as presented appears to be at least four years old. History has proven many of Professor Shelton's conclusions to be wrong. Having Professor Shelton read his powerpoint slides is a very dull way to convey information. I expected more from Georgia Tech.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very motivating way of talking about the topic. Also it's getting old. He's lecture is sometimes colored like a stereotypical Texan. His extrapolations as flawed as those of the EIA. (Which by now can be seen with hindsight)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course material providing out-dated concepts. Argumentation throughout the course is shallow, many of the the current arguments are not mentioned - from both sides of the energy lobby (fossil & renewables).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
what in Stalin's name is "tail that wags the dog"?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really not good. I am trying to find out how to un enrollThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic info suited for highschool students. Many errors in transcripts that you will just have to slog through.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Inaccuracies and low level of engagement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good if you want to fall asleep. The content is probably interesting, but they would have some use of advice from the entertaining industry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm unimpressed with the quality of the material and uninspired by the professor's video presentations. Out of the dozen or more courses here that I have taken, this one ranks at the bottom. I'm not going to disenroll at this time, but I have lost interest without even progressing beyond the first week. Maybe if I get inspired later, I will try again.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First of all, thank you for the course, as it enables students to get a bit more up-to-date and knowledgeable in the topic.On the other hand, unfortunately it's not worth one's time as it didn't deliver very good quality, nor on its promise regarding "The Big Picture".Pros:Easy to understand.Self-paced.Objectivity and positive overall message.Cons:Overall quality and clarity of the lectures is not very good. Lectures are a bit hard to follow, not because of the complexity of the topic, but because of some controversial and outdated data, and the speaking and presentation style of the lecturer.Assignments contain too many trivial questions, but also some mistakes which makes some questions impossible to answer correctly, based on the lectures, or at all.No staff engagement or feedback on the forums, which is especially problematic regarding to aforementioned mistakes.The title and description of the course don't inform students that it is completely US-centric, and mostly concentrating on petroleum/oil. So along with a lot of important topics, "The Big Picture" is missing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is SO out of date that half of the information is irrelevantThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the tutorials are outdated. I could not install all the software needed to complete the course nor do I understand what they are used for... too bad. looks like a great courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I liked the practice with Python. However, some of the code was outdated and didn't work properly. The course is abandoned. No one reacts on the forum any more.The instructor occasional made mistakes or was repetitive. Sometimes I wondered if Tucker was really knowledgeable about the domain that he tried to teach in this course.I'd only recommend this course if want to learn about CAPM, Sharpe ratio, and 'event profiling'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very superficial and too few insights. Could have been delivered in 1 hour. Probably ok for people with no knowledge at all in IT or FinanceThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material was interesting, but the TOTAL lack of support forces me to give it only one star. I left the following complaint in the general forum for this course 2 months ago. Neither Coursera, the instructor or any moderator ever responded. Many people were not able to run the software supplied in the course because of bugs, but the solution was left to the student. I have taken good courses on line before, but this is not one of them.It seems that the Dr. Tucker Balch and/or the moderators have totally abandoned this course, but Coursera keeps offering it and collecting money.The neither instructor or nor the moderators have posted on the Meet and Greet Forum.The instructor and/or moderators have ANSWERED NO QUESTIONS posted on ANY forum.The QSTK (software) BUGS have NOT BEEN ADDRESSED by the instructor or the moderators. Only students have answered these forum questions."Computational Investing Part II is coming shortly." That is what they said 3 years ago. Further evidence of abandonment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible. Nobody seems to monitor the forum. No response to questions posted.I want to rate zero but there is no such option available.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the course is really missing some key parts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I like Mr Balch but to be honest I learned next to nothing. Maybe this is a good course for somebody who has no background in finance. As for myself I felt that I was wasting time and money. The book associated with this course was just like the course itself: shallow and doesn't go in any depth to explain the matter fully and rigorously. If you want to know WHAT computational investing is, you can take this class. Googling a bit will have roughly the same effect, though. If you want to learn how to actually DO computational investing, do not take this course - its just not serious enough.As the name of this course implies, you probably expected to find part II somewhere, which was promised to be a course about using machine learning in investing. 3 or 4 years after part I went live, part II is still missing and probably will never come out.The software used in this course, QSTK, is buggy and has been so for 3+ years. Its not maintained by anyone, and the people taking this course had to find ways to overcome QSTK bugs to be able to complete their assignments.And lastly: the exercises. There are none. All you get is a lame quiz for every week which basically asks to change some variables in the scripts provided. I did some coding for week 3 but that was it. No coding practice after that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although this course holds quite a lot of information, it is quite slow in the way the information is transmitted and unfortunately, the presenter did not 'made homework' in terms of preparing what to say. In addition to the lagging of 'so, anyways, uhmm...' or just silence, many of the videos are also quite low in quality - especially sound due to bad microphone.Overall the information was interesting and useful, and I'm looking for Part II.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't even access the site.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The code teacher used is out of maintenance, students have to spend a lot of unnecessary time fix it. Even I have purchase it and finished week 1-3, I still chose to drop out. Not great learning experience. :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
GOOD:topicsBAD:presentation (poor sound, unprepared and unrehearsed presentations, long intro's, unjustified use of greenscrenns, etc)shallow with regards to the theoretical aspects of what it is presentedassignments are mechanical (easier than the tutorial and you have to perform the same tasks for different constants for several times)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Incorrect formulas. Very simplistic approach to subject matterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Virtual Machine Experiment was very difficult to implement because the instructors' format did not allowenough detailed instruction specific to each OS platform. Regardless, students did learn how to use VM-Ware to make a virtual cloud on a home network and control it via smartphone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too long, not enough concrete materials, too much focused on US.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pace was slow and I was disappointed by the content level. From the title I thought this would give information about the "global energy business" but the focus is generally on the US, except for portions that discussed location/ use of global resources and demand and supply levels globally. The class begins with analyzing Supply & Demand curves for energy use and production which was interesting to me and I thought meant we'd be taking an economic view throughout. Then the large middle section covers very basic info about the types of energy production (coal, oil, NG, renewables) in the world -- low in factual content considering the time spent on each topic. The final section about political considerations was very basic and only focused on the US. I am amazed that the 3 branches of US government were explained on the simplest level; this is a middle school & high school topic in the US. I expected a more in-depth class with details and analysis about the global energy business. I am glad I did not choose to pay for the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class recording could have been made simple. Lots of notations, and would definitely be difficult for people without prior econometrics background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Old fashioned Econometrics course, still using the ideas of fixed regressors (rather than the more sensible conditional models approach), emphasizing prediction instead of causal interpretation, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not much teaching going on here. The concepts are barely touched on before the student is asked to jump into training exercises that require lengthy proofs of concepts not thoroughly taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If I can understand all of these derivatives, why shall I attend your course? It is not helpful course, especially for persons looking for some practical econometrics applications rather than focusing on the mathematics side of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One thing I regret from this course is the content of the video lectures. Having watch the first week's videos, I found that the professor mostly just read the slides - and did it in a very faithful and careful manner, not to miss a subscript .... This is quite devastating for me. I can read the slides myself (although I have to download it first, since the fonts on the screen are very small). What I need is the professor to explain the logic behind the formulas, the *why* behind what is written, instead of just reading *what* is written on the slides.I find it amusing that with an expected learning of 8 hours a week, the total duration of the first week's videos add up to a mere 36 minutes. A couple of weeks ago I have just finished a course that subjectively is comparable in its difficulty level. That course is also rich in mathematical content and also requires a commitment of 4-8 hours per week. Each week, the duration of the lecture videos amount to somewhere between 120-150 minutes - and the lecturer didn't read slides; instead, he would explain the logic behind the concepts and provided papers for learners to read on our own time. That approach really helped scaffold my learning.I hope you'd consider revisiting this course's learning plan - or probably just state on the course info page that this course is more suitable for a refresher course rather than an introductory one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you have to pay for the certificate itself, then the course can't be too serious or maybe even that much helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
She didn't seem interested at all in what she was teaching. She had a frown the entire time. Maybe she was trying to be professional? Either way, I didn't feel like she liked what she was doing.These were good tips for people in a new business management position, but honestly this was all stuff you learn while socializing with people. They are generally good social skills that every one should have. I learned little to nothing while taking this class. But, as I said, most of this is directed towards to someone in a management position. I guess this would be helpful when having to work with someone who is a drama-maker, although, fortunately, I have not had a situation yet with someone who creates drama. Yes, I know people who create drama, however, there have been no blowouts or severe problems. Maybe this is the reason why I didn't learn anything in this class... :-(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very short and more advanced courses are not free.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
corporate HR focused conflict NON resolution.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Presentation is so boring and dry, I could not bring myself to watching past the first couple of videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a joke right?5 minutes long videos with questions after it shall teach me effective?!you guys are ridiculous!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is good but very basic. Suggested for individuals who have never had any exposure to information on conflict or humanitiesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very boring. Not many real life advices. Mstly theoryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material is interesting (3/5) but the assignments rely heavily on reviewing the work of other students which severely detracts from the course. If I wished to grade other people's coursework, I would have pursued a career in academia instead of becoming a research scientist.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hard to follow for non-native speakers. Especially week 2. There are a lot better Courses on Entrepreneurship on Coursera. Especially the Technion ones.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
content 4, thx!delivery 2interaction 0TOTAL (average) : 2The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This feels more a like a sales pitch for Copyblogger than an actual course. Kinda feels like a waste of my time. I didn't learn anything new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
personally speaking, the contents are not helpful. and the multiple-choice quizzes stuck me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Few content, bad quality, many mistakes in the material, no programming assignments, poor support.Definitely not worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
75% of the course is amazing, the rest needs some work. The course feels as if its target population is lower-level undergraduates or the general population. Would love to see more advanced graduate level content included.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Feedback for the developed business model is missing and thus sigificant added-value cannot be captured.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The format with a large variety of testimonials from experts in different niches of the healthcare sector was interesting. However, it lacked critical reflection and depth. Throughout the course, with only a few exceptions, I lacked the feeling I was learning something.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos and materials are fine, but insufficient for the quizzes, which are apparently very difficult even for PhDs in the field.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am a little disapointed with this course. I have completed the third week, but quizes are too big, and the questions are almost impossible to compare with the lectures.It seems like what is evaluated is your ability of getting languages nuances, and not the epidemiology subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is no real flow between videos and questions, not easy to follow. Good efford, good content, just wrong methodology for online training for 2015.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was really neat and definitely not something I had been exposed to before. I really liked the quantitative parts of the course and wish there had been more time spent on that and more quiz questions on that.The reason I am ranking this 2 stars is that I felt the quizzes were unreasonably difficult (or perhaps they had bugs). Week 2 quiz I had to take multiple times and really couldn't figure out what the correct answer was. Looking at the discussion boards I believe my sentiment is shared. I have taken multiple coursera classes (Astronomy, Astrobiology, Calculus) and these are by far the most difficult quizes I have encountered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
no one would take this course any more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
boring lecturer, monotone, passionless reading of even more boring powerpoint slides and images, and absolutely no intelligent discussion going on in this course, I have learned more from reading the book "the epigenetics revolution " by nessa carey, a book written for laypersons, than I have from this course taught by university professors. don't waste your timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terribly difficult to engage with 10+ min lectures in every lesson, plus unorganized presentations and interviews making extracting important information difficult; the lack of organization in the interview videos (which are SUPER long) made it very difficult to extract significant information for the course and assignements. I will say that the research and academic readings made available in the course were exceptionally helpful and full of great information, i just wished that that information was presented in a more engaging and interesting way, sometimes more organized as well. Furthermore, much of the referenced material should be made accessible within the course rather than simply cited; it looks fascinating but from places like China, databases and websites with such relevant sources are often wholly inaccessible. Please include links or entire documents.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very basic. for novices. not worth it to pay money for itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pretty basic course with a lot of 'dead time' not really learning anything about Excel. Tutor should consider a few more advanced and useful topics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course lectures are good, but many quiz questions are out of syllabus. Sorry, I am not satisfied.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course can be informative, but the presentation needs some work. All of the instructional videos were merely a person reading a Power Point presentation to the viewer. The "in class" examples appeared to be completely hypothetical and were also read to the viewer without any video demonstration of how the presented information works in an actual class.In addition, the written information in the videos was confusingly organized and had not been fully edited. In multiple videos, there were typos. In at least one video, the instructors had not fully deleted the sentences from a previous version of a slide. When the revised slide was presented to the viewer, a word from a previous version was in the middle of the sentence. In addition, the previous version was obviously about a different subject.I was disappointed and continually frustrated with this course, especially since the instructors required me to pay fifty dollars in order to take the module quizzes and the final assessment. I have no problem paying for a good product. However, the professionalism displayed in the course was incredibly lacking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite repetitious in covering basic graphing, and very shallow in regards of clustering, SVD and PCA.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Clustering topic is covered superficially, too much time spend on employing ggplot graphs, not very useful since making graphs is straightforward on other software, like excel, once you aggregate datasets correctly. I had not found it very enriching as a course. I would merge this class within R-Programming section and call it Part 2 rather than categorizing into "Exploratory Data Analysis".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course content and assignments were difficult to follow. Loads of statistical content along with high-level R content means it was probably the toughest of the 4 I have taken so far in the Coursetrack.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
About plotting in R. Not about generating real insights from EDA.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
NEEEEEED TO EDIT MY PEER REVIEW FROM OTHERSThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
When it comes down to it, there's simply not the support to assist a student that has a really hard problem, "hacker mentality" seems to equate to "figure it out on your own cuz nobody's going to help you". If things do not work perfectly for you then you are likely never to be able to finish because your "peers" don't know any better either. The way this class is set up makes me angry every time I have to deal with it. I would probably be just as well served doing just the swirl() exercises. I would quit if I hadn't paid all the way through in advance. I can't believe this is the type of school John Hopkins is to produce a course of this quality, but I guess I have to.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Alas, after only 10 minutes of the first video, I am reminded that this instructor does not gear his lectures to the true Beginners among us. He speaks much more for an audience of grad students. I do want to complete this Specialization, so I will try again perhaps after learning more - about statistics and R and who knows what else. I fought my way through the first three courses, but now I'm going to work smarter by finding other ways to acquire this knowledge. Then return to him; maybe. This course should be labelled Intermediate and Statistics should be listed as a prerequisite. (I think; since I don't know what it is that I don't know, I am making a guess as to the missing piece of the puzzle.)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course mostly about how to use plotting libraries in R.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very unprofessional, compared to other courses. It wasn't well organized.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The final project did not require use of the material in the course beyond the first week and a half. I did not take any quizzes or otherwise have my knowledge tested on the material in the second half of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material is to basic for an entire course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some parts of material is good quality, but some is bad - also some show bad practices in R. Extensively use swirl as assignments over self work. It is better to go through good tutorial over R base plotting system and ggplot2.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
some swirl tests (4,5) don't work because of parameter method in qplot function. This parameter is not realy existed in this function nowThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a fan of this course. Reasons:1) The subject material is presented in a dry manner (too much talking and jargon) - I find it repetitive and boring. I have to play it at least 1.75x in order to get through the material and try and stay engaged but I still have a hard time paying attention. Seriously, so boring!2) There is a high degree of subjectivity in grading essays (peer reviews)This course can benefit from:1) Clearer introduction of concepts using pictures and animations, as well as cutting out the repetitiveness (and the assault of the jargonaut)2) A better approach to grading that places importance on concepts instead of key words (jargon)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad videos. Reading material should be summarisedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is far too rudimentary to be something produced by a universityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish I could at least read the assignments if not get reviews on them in the audited version.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor video and audio quality. Not worth the price.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have to say, I am disappointed in that I feel there is little to no interaction here between students and instructors/aides. Additionally, the assignments are not functioning properly and it creates much confusion. The instructors videos are great and have been helpful but the rest is lacking! There is no way to view other's bodies of work and critiques are very vague, etc. This is photography... where is the photography from learners (other than the assignments)? Why is there no gallery here?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very dissapointing to not be able to make the quizzes and the assigments without paying itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course touches the topic very lightly. There are transitioning economies around the globe in dire need of start ups and the overall entrepreneurship spirit of Silicon Valley. I wish the course had provided deeper knowledge on this particular subject, specially focused on The Americas.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good overview of the EU but you cannot do the quizzes unless you pay.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible englishQuite diffuse contentNo reading textsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is just blatant propaganda for the EU. It's like a big commercial. I'm surprised that Coursera allows this tripe on their website. Awful!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Doesn't worth the effort. You learn the most by searching online tools each time you encounter a problem while solving a quiz problem or following the steps the instructor did.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my experience, this course has a huge gap. The lectures go through all manner of tools, commands, packages, etc. about cleaning. That's fine and probably necessary. It's like "this is a hammer", "this is a saw". That's fine and probably necessary. But then you get to the final project...All of the sudden you're plopped onto a construction site with your hammer and saw and a pile of wood and told to build a house. You've never built a house before and don't have the slightest idea where to begin.What's missing is some principles of "tidy data construction" in the lectures. When introduced to a new data set, what are some approaches to understanding that data? How do you develop a plan to build a tidy data set (i.e. how do you think about developing a plan, not looking for a step by step instruction set)?It's disappointing that the only way for someone new to data science, R, etc. to tackle the problem is to read someone's third party monologue about how to make your reviewers happy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For such a terrible course to then change payment terms without my authorisation. Take $64 from my account without telling me clearly amongst all the other junk mail. Coursera have a lot to answer for, and this specialisation is not even worth wasting your time if it was free.Taught without purpose; meaningless instructions given to copy without regard of the bigger picture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class needs more content, more explanation. It is clearly a very important aspect of Data Science, but the assignments were more complex than the given course content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
lectures are too fast.dropping out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basically impossible to complete quizzes and course project using the provided course material. Poor correlation between instruction and testing. Makes one wonder: If I need to solicit others' guidance to complete your tests, why am I paying for your guidance in the first place?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures and other material just don't cover the information needed in the course project. Majority of the learning has to be done outside of this course, in order to pass the course project.I cannot recommend this course anyone who is not deeply familiar with the topic already. The course project is truly frustrating!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is where the material starts to get difficult, and the learning materials fail to provide the structure needed. There absolutely HAS to be a better teaching method than "reading the slides of bullet-ed text that I'm also showing". No functional examples are provided in the lectures and the real learning content is linked out to web resources. You will have to Google your way through this class because the provided instruction will not contain answers to the quiz or exam questions. A real disappointment.I also think that Coursera knows this, because this was the first course where they ramped up the e-mail encouragement campaign. Their data must tell them this is where people fall off the specialization. Rather than addressing with marketing and messaging, they should encourage the instructors to improve the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The only interesting part was dplyr. The rest was too confusing, with lots of lists and no explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The code for the final assignment is peer reviewed which doesn't make sense. It should be reviewed by either a TA or some kind of application than can verify what you've done. Also, the assignments were a bit of a leap from the video tutorials at times.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video is simple and good.But the final project and some test are too hard based on material presented.Also staff's support are not good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too difficult practical exercises with the theorical background given. I know that hackers skill should be used but it is too much assumption in the projects!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
R is really just the worst, and the instructors do not make it better. The code in this class is unreadable:- too many one liners, because "it's faster to write", though harder for other people to read- variables are named cryptic things like spIns or x, rather than names with meaning (eg, sprays.by.insect), again "because it's faster to type"- way too many cases of "there is more than one way to do it", which just makes things confusing because the other ways tend not to be equivalentWhat I'm most concerned about is that I've seen lots of poorly written code in many different languages: Java, C++, C, Python, Perl, and now R. But I've also seen really well-written code in all the languages *but* R, I have yet to see any code in R that is flexible, maintainable, and clear. Which leads me to think that no such code exists, or it's so rare that it doesn't matter. It is clear to me that if I am to do data analysis, then I will need a different set of tools; but because this specialization is taught entirely around R (the lectures are about R, not about higher-level concepts), then this specialization is not useful to me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is somehow just an extension on R Programming course, with many unnecessary details that will be forgotten in a few days after the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a lot of fluff in this course and at the same time it assumes that you have knowledge and skills that are not covered in this course or in the previous two (e.g. github). I'm really disappointed in the quality of this course--specifically at how vague many of the instructions were in the quiz questions and the final project-- and that most the time when explanations were asked for on the message board the professors just did some hand waving and said that figuring it out was part of the assignment. That isn't teaching (online or otherwise). And if your instructions aren't clear, you aren't doing the job of an instructor when you pass the buck and try to sell it as "part of the learning experience." I hope this fall off in quality isn't reflective of the rest of the courses in the data spec.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos did not teach anything that was going to be on the quiz so it was like answering 5 questions at random using google. The lesson plans and project were very vague and too much time was spent trying to figure out what was even being asked.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class is getting stale. The instructors didn't respond to questions on the discussion forums about quiz items, the majority of assessment items seem to be available on Google and 50% of the peer reviewed assessment I checked used plagiarized solutions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was a bit mixed in terms of its quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I believe this course suffers from neglect. Rarely did I see any of the mentors participating in the group discussions even though there were plenty of questions. Furthermore, some of the quiz questons seemed incomplete or confusing. The project was no better. I feel like the course was recorded a few years ago, and not much done after that to fix flaws, even though they are probably well known. The material is useful, but it would be nice to have a set of notes or a text to go with the lectures. You will spend a lot of time searching the internet to compelte the assignments. Sometimes that is good, but other times a guide geared to the course would have been better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The worst! I don't recommend you to take any course from this institute. It is just wasting time and money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Description of assignment questions is not clear. The expected answer from the questions are confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I saw two main issues with this course: 1) dated lecture videos, oftentimes with R code that can't be replicated using up-to-date packages, and 2) lack of thoughtful design: example after example after example after example doesn't really teach you anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The project at the end requires actions that data scientists should know but does not actually talk about the items. For example the project "book". You hear about it but are not actually taught the right way to make one. At best case you are taking a guess and at worst you are learning bad habits or missing out on what should be in it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are quite a few issues with the final assignment of the Getting and Cleaning Data course. I feel this assignments lacks quality in contents, suffers from a flawed process and lack of attention by the moderator.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't really cover how to deal with messy data, e.g. if you need to join to datasets and have orphans, or you have no foreign keys between two datasets and you need to use fuzzy matching.Basic validation was also not covered (i.e. making sure that your data covers all that you expect).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course lacks projects to implement the skills we learn.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would have given just one star except the swirl() assignments are actually very good. The videos are just a (poorly) narrated glossary. Topics I learned in another course were presented here in such I way I actually got confused. Can you imagine? my knowledge was actually worsened, not improved by thus course. (!!) // If the swirl() functions were made the centerpiece of the course, and the videos were described as just a narrated glossary, at least our expectations would be in line with reality. // Even so, I come to Coursera because I WANT to be taught by an instructor. If I'd wanted a curated list of tutorials so I could teach myself, I would have done that already. Anyone who pays for this should get their money back. NOT recommended for beginners. // I going to complete it because I'm stubborn that way, but it is an unpleasant experience for me and everyone within earshot as I have to vent my frustration often just to make it through. // After week 2 I resorted to just reading the pdf of the slides and stopped watching the videos. The videos added NOTHING to my understanding. More often than not they put me to sleep. And what's worse, the narrator mispronounces "attribute". There IS a difference. I atTRIbute certain ATtributes to native speakers who mispronounce important vocabulary.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is just because of the unclarity of the final assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor reads lectures in monotonic voice. The lectures themselves are just a series of cases of some R functions usage with no basics of Why you need to clean the data or real cases with complete examples how and where to get your data and what steps you can do to make it useful.The course has a lot of links for tutorials in R. That's a plus.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's useless and lacking enthusiasm.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The theory explained and the exercises are not at the same level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The most important benefit of this course is the fact that it exists. At present the course is mediocre to bad: its educational value is low: transcripts are disgusting, they are not proofread, omitted pats of sentences, inconsistent English, they almost completely obscure, disrupt the sense of the presentation. The course offers no slides. I see obvious negligence in preparation of many lectures (especially bad week three).The target audience for the course is professional biologist that are comparable with arithmetic and elementary algebra and can easily use an internet browser.The course contains numerous mistakes: in particular, the elementary formula Dr. Cecilia Lasser presented in her week 4 lecture on Differential Ultracentrifugation contains an error.The lectures presented by non-native English speakers are very difficult to understand because of poor & inconsistent English.Please, make the lecture slide available for your students.Please, arrange a forum giving a possibility to ask a questions and get understanding of the material that remains unclear.The lectures on electron microscopy were very good, - thank you, Johanna!The lectures on AFM was the only one that was just excellent, - Thank you, Dr. Shivani Sharma.Please, review the sequence of lectures: I think the week 5 material may be moved to week 3.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This required nearly no effort and is probably of little value in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Useful as a necessary step towards finishing the specialization only.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Total disappointment. This was only clipping through a tool, not a real capstone project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wasn't as challenged as I thought I would be with the Capstone course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointing, thought it would be more involved, perhaps with a real presentation graded by other participants in the course. Was interesting to watch the videos, but it was a 10 minute job. The other parts were OK, but after the Capstone I would hesitate to recommend the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Thanks for creating short course for busy business pearson.But, it is too gamificate to (professional business managers) educate. In addition, this is the lack of contents.For improvement this course, I strongly recommend you to add create presentation and peer review assignments. This is the issue of the Coursera( included other MOOCs) Open Access Education philosophy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad way of teaching and not reach contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Objective and Professional Evaluation:If I could give this course a zero, I would have done so, but it is not possible. I shall explain my reasons below:1- The teaching method of this course is very lackadaisical and lackluster.2- The ratios are introduced and solved without having a P/L statement or a Balance Sheet on the side to see how the figures are extracted and implemented, which made it more boring.3- Its final 3-part quiz lacks the proper instructions and the redundant instructions already there do not help either. For example, it says Part 3 is answering NPV. However, Part 3 includes six calculation questions unrelated to the project to be submitted in Parts 1 and 2.4- The forms of putting an answer are unclear, although it mentions how to put a percentage and two decimal points.5- Peer assessment take ages and is unnecessary.6- Discussion forums are deserted islands where no professional staff interaction is given.I've stopped continuing this specialization and I strongly recommend others not to waste their time on it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
More in-depth analysis would have been amazing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Badly formulated alternatives in the multiple choice testThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not at all what I expetedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Answers to week 2 are wrong, no forum to discuss it, submitted a case over a month ago - still no reply.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's no way to get help in this course. I'm stuck on one of the quizzes -- probably just something easy that I've mis-read-- but there's no way to ask questions, so there's no way for me to complete the quiz. This is very frustrating!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't think it was possible to dislike finance more after taking a course designed for non-financial professionals. Clearly, I should have known more about finances before taking this class, and perhaps I would have liked it more. However, I left the course feeling more frustrated than ever.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very general content. Not as useful as I thought it would be, but maybe I should have read the introduction better:)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First noticeable thing is that the instructor doesn't convey competence very well. He lacks the practical examples to explain the principles more efficiently. The result for me was that, although he chose not to go deep, the principles weren't as clear, memorable or relevant as I think they could have been.I did learn a few useful things of course, but it was a disappointment in general.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pretty hard to Keep track but the content was good.I probably need to be a bit more focussed next time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For me it was boring and too specific. I had a great difficult in understanding it....I quitted before ending.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please include exercises for computing the ratios and the valuation methods. In-video questions would have helped more. The quiz does not actually test the understanding of the topic in-depth. There can be some external readings suggested - resources that help us get more understanding on the subjects discussed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Superficial and not well presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course and material does not articulate the 'Google Cloud Platform' offerings. Maybe Google does not want to compete with Microsoft Azure and AWS alike. If Google itself has approved this 'Google Cloud Platform' trainings on Coursera then vola I am out. I am way better off supporting AWS and Azure (at least they have tons of good trainings and stuff to keep folks in the field excited).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The labs are not up to date and several things do not work as they should. I had to fix several of the provided scripts to finish them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The labs in this course have fundamental flaws which mean they cannot be completed. This is a major failing in a paid course such as this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not being allowed to submit quizzes without paying for the course - I am withdrawing from the course and any other Coursera courses where this is the policy - I will enrol in other free online course sites where the are "free".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great content but making the theory of ape or chimp the origin of humans as the corner of the course and intruduce it as a truth is very wrong and shameful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The only option I had was to watch videos, I could not submit quizzes, which I completed, unless I paid.What's even the point of having this course as part of Coursera?Very disappointed. Shame on the University of Maryland, College Park. Will stay away from this school.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much trouble with freezing and no soundThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Did not go into enough detail, reiterated home cooking and spoil rate but did not get into specifics. Perhaps another class on what foods do what in your body would be beneficial.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a kind of introduction course as it was mentioned on course info, however it is very basic.If there would be follow up courses about the same topic it is a good start, otherwise that is not a learning based lecture.Thank you for your understanding.Deniz OzalpThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course should really be called BASICS of healthy cooking or for people with unhealthy habits. It is very basic! And very based on the US reality! Living in Europe and used to cooking healthy food for my family everyday I have not learned anything new! Very disappointing to see such a basic course being offered by big names as Stanford University.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Useful information about nutrition, I would've loved to learn more about that. The part about home-cooking and how to reduce the health risks when cutting an onion where too superficial and unnecessary for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was expecting much more from a Stanford or Coursera course. Lack of scientific evidence .Processed foods have become an easy villain among many people and the idea that processed foods are dangerous to our health and the responsible for all our problems is a mistake. Very disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Well, this course definetely has a clear message and a good purpose. However, it is very basic and coursera might not the right platform.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This has ruined my life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am disappointed, from a place like Stanford I was expecting a real course in nutrition.This course doesn't teach anything. It's a mere half an hour a week of advice we should all already know, if we are interested in nutrition.I am quitting this course, unfortunately it's a waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very basic course on food and nutrition. I would consider the majority of the content to be common sense. I would not recommend it if you already have an interest or general knowledge of nuThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'd learned more since I check Harvard Health Blog so often.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is ok if you know absolutely nothing about nutrition. Otherwise, it's basically information I'd expect to be relayed to kindergarteners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The very first lesson implies that sufficient quantities of micronutrients can't be obtained from a diet high in animal-based proteins and fats. In reality, organ meats and egg yolks are higher in micronutrients than many fruits and vegetables, and only small amounts of dark-colored veggies and fruits are required to balance a diet that already contains a variety of meats (as far as both species and cut). The body is also better able to synthesize glucose (or utilize ketones instead of glucose to fuel cell function) than to synthesize amino acids, which are more easily obtained in the correct amounts from animal sources. Plant-based diets work for some people, but if blood sugar levels, chronic inflammation and/or amino acid intake are issues that an individual needs to take into careful consideration, a high-fat, low-carb, diet with a variety of animal products is more likely to meet their needs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Typically aimed at the US lifestyleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not about the actual effect of food on your health, it's just a cookbook.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Utterly disappointing. I hoped for a fact-based education on current scientific thinking in nutrition. Instead, this course consists of a couple of people's opinions on eating, without cited evidence, presented in a feel-good documentary-lite format with good camerawork and cute children. This is a high school public service announcement, not a university course; not what I'd expect from Stanford or Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very basic and the principles are for a third-grader. After all the things said, at the end the first video was about pancakes (nvm they were gluten free)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
general and shallow, not very informative, could be inspirational for those haven't cooked in a long time. recipe are at the end of course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is less of a university level course and more of a long infomercial for Michael Pollen books with a cooking show at the end.There is no interviews with nutritionists or scientists. In fact, there really isn't much here in the way of science at all.The cooking videos are fun with some good recipes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is essentially a self-help guide focusing on the idea that cooking real food promotes health. This is certainly a message that many people need to hear.Unfortunately, the advice concerning what to eat is less sound. Let me illustrate this with a historical counterexample.Around 75 years ago, a Canadian dentist visited my home country of Switzerland, where he examined the health and diet of a population in a secluded mountain valley. He found them to be of exceptional health. Their diet?breakfast: rye sourdough bread, butter and cheeselunch: rye sourdough bread, butter and cheesedinner: rye sourdough bread, butter, cheese and potatoes, along with some vegetables in the warmer half of the year, and small amounts of meat on SundaysContrary to four fundamental recommendations in the course, these people ate a lot of saturated fat (butter) and animal protein (cheese), but few vegetables and had hardly any variation in their diet.They did prepare their own food, grown or pastured locally, in very mineral-rich soil, which imparted their butter and cheese with very high amounts of fat-soluble vitamins A, D and K2. Perhaps animal foods are not as unhealthy as the course suggests, and food (and soil) quality is paramount.Instead of taking this course, watch Maya Adam's TEDx talk (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-gyIkA-crM) and browse the recommendations of the Weston A. Price Foundation (http://www.westonaprice.org/) to learn what to cook, in particular their Healthy4Life dietary guidelines (http://www.westonaprice.org/wp-content/uploads/Healthy4LifeEnglish.pdf). If you still need a self-help guide to actually start cooking your own food then by all means, take this course. It'll only take you about an hour.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too simplistic if you already have some knowledge about a healthy lifestyleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not a course - this is a 90 minutes lecture.The idea is greate. But this lecture is only start. Its very brief and not profound.This more advices and not scientifically oriented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really very basic, anyone with an interest in the subject is likely to know most of this already. nicely presented though, good quality videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They talked a little about LDL and HDL which is good.But the rest was just a summary of avoid processed foods, eat less and eat less meat and ways to do it. It is important, but I thought the course lacked science and it was very very short.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hi,I was looking for a good introduction course to food and nutrition and, alas, this is not it.I knew 90% of the things discussed in this course, and I was expecting more, but all I got was very basic advices ("eat less", "don't eat crap", etc.), all with videoclips and music which got annoying really quick.Disappointing.Take care.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of the information in this course is common sense. It may be relevant for someone with very limited knowledge about food, but for anyone who is moderately informed and interested in food, there is not much to learn here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic content. I am not sure that there was anything new for me in this course. I am born in France and I guess we learn this from our families.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Far too easy and far too basic for me. I would have hoped for a more in-depth and scientific look at food and nutrition.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The final assignment is impossible to finish since I have 10.4 version in my computer. You, as the course provider, should modify the assignment instead of asking the student to make changes. The point is that we are trying to gain some knowledge, not wasting time on solving those bugs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very unhappy about the Course Certificate for the following reasons : it doesn't state what subjects have been covered, it doesn't mention the hours of study involved. The certificate has a worthless appearance. In comparison I had a very good MOOC Statement of Accomplishment from the university EPFL which I can send to you if you are interested in making any improvements. jack.fairgrieve@gmail.comThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is extremely hard to follow, not because of the content but because of the delivery. Presentation, "visuals", word choice, speed, all very poor. I'm in week 3 and EVERY video has been just as difficult to follow.Quizzes are hard to understand and ask you about things that weren't of any actual value to the course, and/or weren't even covered. Also, because multiple answers are required for each question, you are basically answering a 4 part question that is only worth 1 point. Get one part wrong and you miss the whole 1 point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content was good but teaching method was too poor to understand. First time little disappointment by coursera.comThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
AWFUL monotonous way of talking. I have such a great interest in this topic, but listening to her makes me want to rip my eyeballs out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The educator is really wants to be boring. The questions doesn't reflect the material. Why am I learning so much about a dog or who is whose relative in a bioelectricity course?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
exam questions are designed for raw facts instead of critical thinking and resoning. Sorry maybe its my poor english. Regards.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too qualitative, too much theory, narrative.Needs more specific examples of how numbers are manipulated for e.g. in financial statement fraud. Perhaps show real data on how outlier transactions are spotted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My issue with this course is the lack of depth. Most videos are shorter than 10 minutes, the instructors race through their bullet points without developing the ideas enough. The pace is frantic and the content is superficial. I understand the topic is massive, but that only leaves me baffled as to why there is room for 5 min videos in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really like the lectures of this course. But on the other hand this programming assignments are...I am not able to see why using such a complicated main code template is useful to understand the principals of the finite element method. I spend 5 hours for trying to install all the libraries and finding the correct header files of deal.II and this visualization thing which is needed in the write_output.h file). Because otherwise you will not be able to compile the code. This is not the first time I did installation of complicated code in unix and I know by heart this can be cumbersome sometimes.But why doing this for a simple programming assignment. I started this course because I want to learn about finite element method and not how to install deal.II software. But exactly installing is what the first assignment is about it is not about coding what will be only a small fraction of the whole assignment then.And the next thing is there is not only one person facing this troubles there are quite a lot if you look in the discussion forums.On the other hand if there would be sufficient help given for the installation it would be fine, but it is not.The only help which is given are sending some links which is nice. But links I can also watch by myself.So I really liked this course and found it interesting ( or I still find it interesting ), but I don't see what learn effect I should have from messing around with those deal.II libraries.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very weak presentation. Must be improved to keep attention.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly organized course. The lectures seemed to jump around from one point to another. In some cases, way too much detail; in others, not nearly enough.The subtitles have so many errors that they are virtually useless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult to understand due to her very strong accent and poor audio, meaning I spend 90% of my effort trying to make out what she's saying. As it turns out, all she does is read from the slides! no additional insight, nothing. This makes it boring to hear and she comes across with no personality (although a quick rate-my-professors search tells us a very different story, a real shame since people seem to really like her). At any rate after one week of this course and not seeing any improvement, I've decided to call it quits.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course could be improved by cutting the repetitive materials, avoiding the time-consuming drawing on the slides and be more precise on the wording.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor English. Unfair assignments ((The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only catered to the American healthcare system. This course was not mind numbingly boring as hellThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
lecturer is very monotone and isn't engaging. Course also focuses a lot on the history when it would be more relevant to look to the future. It is peer graded which is extremely unreasonable, people do not read the submissions fully or fully have the knowledge to be able to grade someone else's work. People also have different standard which causes a large variation in grades. Grading rubric does not include areas for where extra research has been done eitherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unclear assignments unfit for an international participant base.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor just read the materials through all the modules, and the course was really boring. But, the content was quite updated that was the only good thing. Does not worth such a high payment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the quality of the lecture is poor - slides are dense and full of bullet points which the professor LITERALLY JUST READS OUT on videos. I did a google search, and found almost all of the analytical charts he presented, readily available on the internet. What exactly is the point in the lecture then? Instead, why don't you compress some valuable learning nuggets into half the course time, instead of hearing you ready through your ocean of bullet points, and needlessly underline (in red) the current bullet point your reading. Seriously, this is one the poorest quality lectures I've ever done!The quality of peer assignments to grade are a joke. Classmates are simply copying bits and pieces of the lecture material to make up the 'market sizing memo'.I seriously doubt the learning value in this class, and the quality of instruction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unclear, ambiguous direction and material that is unhelpful for building the final projectThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have submitted all my solution long back but the last submission which was suppose to been by mentor is pending from one and the half months.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The capstone project is interesting but requires far too much time compared to the other courses and to what is announced.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is just definitions. I will finish the course, but I do not recommend it for someone who needs a technical approach. I was expecting a few more technical examples or exercises (mixed with their accompanying definitions). This course are pure lectures, no practice beyond open-ended questions. I wish it was a blend of lectures and practice. and not so purely academic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a person who actually studied physics and knows a little about data science, I am literally baffled the way information presented and lectures speak. Really don't recommend this cource at all. because Week 1 materals is a imcomprehenisble mess full of incorrect explanation and vague definitions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was not a great course. I found it not very rewarding, because the discussions were hard to follow. Also, it did not present historical literature and research on the subject. I was hoping for peer-reviewed articles and readings that helped illuminate the history and the psychology of education.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
From the start it seemed politically correct and ideological. Did not even broach the topic until the final week (as far as I can see from the list of videos). Life is too short.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The only reason i passed was because i ignored the lectures and asked others for help, once i did that finance became a lot easier to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Help on topics is very limited. Nothing more than instruction videos. Discussion forums are helpful only to solve assignments. There is hardly any input from instructor about genuine theoretical questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's terrible if one wants to accomplish the quiz using Garud Iyengar's Notes!! Examples in his notes were not well explained!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think that the simply reading slides doesn't help people understand. The idea is to make this courses as accessible as possible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the way it is taught is not very insightful, the lecturers clearly just read a script and make it difficult to follow. They assignment questions are often hard to understand. Most importantly, there is very little about the actual mechanism behind pricing financial instruments, instead they just state the formula.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, no tutors/instructors present to supervise the course, which made inconsistencies between course material (slides, videos) and solutions calculated for assignments horribly annoying to deal with, especially for someone like me new to the topic. Further, the solver addin (needed for the week 6 assignment) is not consistent across different excel versions and libre calc, which resulted in a whole lot of guesswork to pass this assignment. I'm sorry to say the course never came close to my expectations, despite the very interesting topic. Would not recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not at all what I expected--big disappointmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher in the first few weeks is hard to follow; it sounds like he reads from a paper and he barely writes anything on the slides. It sounds like every sentence he says is crucial to understand, which is hard to follow. The other teacher does a much better job at this. The course would also greatly benefit with exercise material so you get a better feeling of calculating these things.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I find far too theoretical, too dry; no examples, no exercise guidelines. It's almost having someone reading the slides to you. Still useful for someone like me that never done financial engineering, to find all the concepts in one place. Hence the two stars as oppose to one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not a recommended course, when they explain something they assume that we are expert and we know all what they are talking about, they need to have statistics experts which is not mentioned in course prerequisite.================I recommend to review the material and to review the purpose of this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a little sad that the materials taught were not matching test materials well in the quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Examples have to be more clear. i cant seem to get anything correct because of computersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is conducted mostly more or less by reading just the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
course needs problems with explanations and/or better feedback on quizzes. there is no way to tell what error one has made - it could even be rounding. a student forum might be helpful, too.application of some formulas is not clear, leading to errors on quizzes. in some cases I have used external resources to give me a way to achieve the correct resultThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Low quality slides. Monotone lecturing style.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extraordinarily dry presentation. It was a struggle to sit through each video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the course looked promising. But then I took a first look: the instructor is reading formulas from a slide. This is missing the whole point of a online class. There is no motivation for the formulars, no context why they are important. And from a learning point of view the course is very hard to follow. No real advantage compared to reading a book on that matter.I just took the "Economics of Money and Banking course", which is one of the best courses I ever attended (personally in class or online). There are other great courses on Coursera. And for easy introduction to some of the concepts Khan University courses are unmatched in accessability.Too bad that this course doesn't match up to the above examples. The topics would deserve that they are presented in a way that they can be understood by a wide audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What a shame. English subtitles were promised and not arranged. I truly wanted to learn this course. Obviously Coursera doesn't care.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures are in Hebrew. English subtitles are in Hebrew also. Completely useless unless you understand Hebrew. I am about to drop this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointing. Just brushed the surface of most of the topics, felt a bit too much like an ad for PWC or story telling about client engagements. Content was lackingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very little useful information, more like PR for PWCThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basically this course was an excellent promotion of PwC as a consultant. A well crafted introduction of buzz-words with very little substance (Unlike the following courses on Excel and presentations)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Peer Reviewed Assignment not a well planned marking system. Grades can be to vary. Dependent on fellow students for pass not most ideal.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very boring lectures. expected a lot more from something like PWC. Doesn't worth it at all. Didn't learn anything new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too high level the course is.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The reason why I am giving only one star that the course did not covered much information and the time allotted could have been less than 4 weeks. So it was not really worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is well done and well structured, however it's too theoretical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
outdated, and the guy is really hard to listen to for hours.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
frankly so far this is the best in Career Success but still not well presentedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course material is fine.But the instructor isn't the most inspiring. The course feels like the instructor is just reading off the presentations.Overall, just an average courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As for information in course itself, it was interesting for me to enroll and to be part of the course.But I highly dislike that there was a feeling of that the lecturer is trying to remember any things right while the video goes. It is not a real class, it is a video and it could be done much more accurately. There were many many boring moments, while management itself is not a boring discipline, it is very interesting.Anyway I am glad I participated in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too simplistic and not enough real world examples. It was clear instructor regurgitated material directly off of the screen, offered zero highlights to real world experience or issues. Rather than wasting a couple hours listening to presentations, download the slides and read them yourself. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is highly theoretical. Only good for coming to know the terms that are in use in the industry and their meanings. Very little take away from a practical perspective. Some live example or a case study to be incorporated where the students can apply the principles first hand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was bizarre. Some of the content and lecturers was fantastic, but some lecturers were quite dull and some lectures and quizzes were poorly written and misleading. The class was also strangely designed and executed: the amount of content per week varied significantly; the vast majority of the content was in a very specific energy sector (biofuels) and other key sectors were almost entirely overlooked; it also seems like the content is already a few years old. It was more of a description of UCSD's research than of the "future of the energy".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not adapted to an online format. Low quality videos.Interesting topics, but no efficient progression. Many sections become an update about UCSD research, not adapted to the audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Have to say: this course is not usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt the course went far too fast and is definitely NOT a course for beginners. I gave up after the 2nd week and I now feel more than ever overwhelmed by setting my own website.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not find this helpful for a complete beginner. I will try an alternative course!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course does not live up to the high value that I've come to enjoy and expect at Coursera. The videos are read by the "teachers", so the inflections are wrong, making it very hard to follow. The videos are clipped short and cut off the words at the end. The information is given so quickly with terms not explained that a novice will likely not understand parts of it. I found no value here. There are far better tutorials on the web. I can't see how any college or university would respect any certificate from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
makes it very confusing. I was looking to make a business websites.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very disappointing and useless. The two lecturers are not explaining anything properly, they are just showing slides and handing out links.The only useful part of the course is Module 4, which is outside the scope of the course and taught by guest lecturers.I would not spend time on this course and instead find another source for learning WordPress.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Taking this course is like getting lost across a ton of different websites!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you have any experience with websites, this course is not for you: it is merely about the soft stuff. Got a couple of nice links to color scheme generator et cetera, but did not deliver what I thought it promised.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have some html/css background. I listened to the first Module and then part of the second module. For a intro level course to get a site up and running using Word Press, I feel like it is missing some key information. As a non-beginner I am finding this course frustrating and not likely to continue. There are definitely better courses out there.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The sequence of the learning movie are not good and some times while teaching the the movie is ended.Besides, rather than educational material this course refer to several website.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very horrible and boring course, poorly designed and the teachers can't even speak properly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So basically it cuts off. It's like it gives you part of the information and then drops off. They also speed through it much like my old math teacher in college whcih caused 73% of the class to drop. Now I'm in them mist of it Paid for blue host. Paid for my web name and it looks like I'm going to have to pay someone to finish it. So bascially what I got was a bunch of added on expenses and still no web site. I would not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They jump around too much and it is very hard to follow. Often I feel like I missed out on content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought you would learn how to actually create a website, not just how to pick and install a premade wordpress theme.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing good in this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry to say this is a poor course. The audio is bad, the sound editing is bad, the "videos" are mainly static slides that sometimes aren't even showing what the audio is talking about. There are no worked examples or annotated slides. As an example, there's no discussion of the difference between WordPress.org and WordPress.com. The only time that is mentioned is when they touch on plugins, where they say you can't use them if you started with WordPress.com! The additional lectures by guest website designers were the most interesting part, but they were supposed to be after the final project. I just gave up after less than an hour and went and played with WordPress myself. Created a website in 2 days, but with no help from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Despite all the bad reviews this course got I told myself to give it a try to refresh my antic prior knowledge and since it is for my personal usage and not a career I m not interested in a certificate. So I went through all the open sites which were extremely disappointing. Since I was warned by the reviews, I was not even tempted to pay to unlock further pages. I attended many interesting courses on Coursera, but this one is simply a waste of time from the very first moment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No content for the first two weeks. Only links to websites.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I normally struggle to give poor reviews to free online content, but there are so many glaring fundamental issues with the presentation and content of this course, that it I feel it's important to warn people not to waste their time with this course in it's current form.The mapping and planning lectures raise some good points, but the rest give only the most basic overview of the topic at hand, glossing over steps enough that you would probably learn just as much watching youtube, or looking around inside wordpress on your own. The delivery of the lectures needs a lot of work, with distracting, erratic pauses between words, and the sound frequently cutting out mid-word as they switch between slides. I found it difficult to make it through more than 15 minutes of content.I gave more than 1 star because the links underneath the slides contain some valuable information, so if you can be bothered trawling through the slides you can gleam some knowledge there.Hopefully the creators of the course take on board the many negative reviews and give a major overhaul to the course, to bring it in line with the quality of almost all other content on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If I could give this course a lower score, I would. It was not helpful at all. I ended up having to take another course so I could actually complete my website.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was the most poorly designed course that I have ever encountered. Whoever is in control of quality assurance was caught napping on this one - the instructors were woeful! It was as if the principles of instructional design and adult learning were abandoned entirely; there was minimal instruction and I had to rely on my intuition and the assistance of a study buddy to work hard to complete the course. If you are completely new to website design (as I was), prepare for a steep learning curve as you will be spending many hours preparing and organising your info - the title is deceptive and misleading!Ann, Melbourne, Australia April 2016.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
cheap !!! just money involved in each subsectionswhich r the most interesting partsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a bait and switch. You must purchase the course even though parts are free, it's really not.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course should be called "Intro to fundamentals of website design". You may learn, in the process of a few days, how to create a website, but not "how to create a website in a weekend".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The most boring course ever. I just couldn't go beyond the first dayThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1 out of 10.A waste of time. If I cannot participate in discussions, forums, submit assignments, or give reviews, I might as well watch youtube lectures.The course content was very poor as well. (this is based on the unpaid material)This course should be scrapped and not offered as an unpaid course. Its a classical case of bait and switch.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was very disappointed because in order for me to move to the next module I have to pay to unlock some of the course materials. Coursera is changing. I understand that in order to maintain such a big structure is expensive; however it wasn't clear to me from the beginning that I have to pay to unlock the 2nd module courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry to say that this is the worst Coursera Course I have ever taken, and I've taken quite a few. The instructors did not do a good job at explaining how to use Wordpress. They didn't explain how to use wordpress to make a website that looked more like a website than a blog. They didn't explain the difference between wordpress.com and wordpress.org even though they mentioned them both. They talked about hosting but didn't explain how to do it. They mentioned hosting on bluehost but didn't give any instructions. The few tidbits of information that they did give about using wordpress were so brief with no examples. They mentioned Jetpack but didn't say what it was. They didn't explain what benefit adding the social media icons would have or how to link them. And on I could go.The only good part about this course was the last section where they had guest lecturers, some from Coursera - those were all excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't believe this course is aimed at people with no experience in building a website. The videos are actually slide shows and use too few screenshots. Had this been my very first introduction to how a website was built I would never have progressed any further than these lessons. Much more in-depth information is necessary, including step by step screenshots of various processes.Terrible course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course lacks a level of professionalism. The splicing of the videos is bad, and for me actual video of how tThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material in this course is well presented, though scarce at times. However it has its share of problems :-little to no interaction from TA's or mentors in the forums-the quizzes are often out of sync with the lectures-the final exam has severe problems with questions (form not content).In more detail, on the final exam, some of the questions don't even contain all the content to answer them. They can request multiple answers but have single question boxes and/or the reverse.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
great first week, I like Fran's First week video, with the puppets and very engaging interaction,the next following 3 weeks are total bummer, It does give some tips for character design (such as what is tangent, or some other design tips), but it feels like a bloated interview and not a class-like experience. Great first week, terrible following weekThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Feels like a money grabber rather than teaching anything useful, when designing character for video games is also important the skill you have or obtain while doing it and this doesn't place any emphasis into it. So for the price the charge in the certificate it really feels like a money grabber rather than teaching anything useful at all. Other schools like Gnomon WorkShop and DVDs like "Eat3D" and many others out there, which gives e more content for a fraction of the price they charging here! It needs to be deeper and more robust if this course wants to stand out, right now is not.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
there was 1 concept taught in the first lesson that of density. then it was loads of videos of other people drawing characters, not actually going through a design process. and then a few assignments designing a few characters . I was hoping to learn more about some of the principles of character design- wasnt blown away by this course wont be taking any more of theseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Awful course. The lectures IN NO WAY prepare you for the final assignment which is supposed to take two hours. The "course" consists of really boring videos of the instructor using Galaxy and in no way teaches you anything about using Galaxy or how it works. The lectures and quizzes are a joke. You can pass the quizzes just by watching the videos. I got to the final assignment and had no clue what to do if you. I know nothing about bioinformatics, or NGS (which is why I took and paid for this stupid course) so I spent WEEKS on the final assignment and I STILL could not finish or pass the course. Whoever allows this course to still exist and waste people's time and take their money should be ASHAMED of themselves. Read the discussion forums and you'll see what I'm talking abut. DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is really bad. I didnt understood anything until by myself and with tutorials I could do it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad explanations. You don't understand anything about what you're doing, just pressing buttons. THis should maybe go after the command line course, so that at least you would have any idea of what you're doing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor presentation and content. Difficult to navigate and all the links used including that for Galaxy are outdated. There was no effort made to provide a method to get through the course given all the changes since the videos were recorded. This course is the reason I have decided not to pursue the specialization it falls under.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very dissatisfied with how there was absolutely no outside help/feedback from instructors or mentors in the forums when clearly the final project was outside the scope of the material presented. In the future it would helpful if either the lectures were modified to be more helpful in completion of the final project or the final project to be reflected of material in the lectures. Either way I felt like I taught myself all of this material using web resources and got absolutely nothing for what I paid for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am taking this course as a requirement for the Data Science Specialization. I appreciated the concept of learning a platform in which I could conduct bioinformatics, but I feel the course did not provide adequate guidance and information. The lectures were basically video workshops with a few gems of knowledge here and there. I am now at the end of the course but I feel like I learned nothing but a few steps to running an analysis or two ( which I could have done for free through the Galaxy website itself). More significantly, its not wholly clear to me why some of the processes were conducted, or what, explicitly, could be gleaned from the analyses. My expectations were that the lectures would be more in depth about the science behind the tools available, why you would use such tools, and when to use such tools. I think this course would have been perfect as primarily an intellectual course with a hands-on introduction towards the end.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Save your money and just work through the free Galaxy 101 tutorials on the Galaxy site! I found that the lecturers sometimes used random terminology without ever explaining it (for example, "tags" is another word for sequencing reads, but this is only ever used in RNA-seq methodology, and then only rarely). Also, the final peer reviewed project isn't explained very well and uses tools and methods that aren't even within the scope of the module. Mostly just a waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material/information required for the capstone was not covered in the lectures and required considerable additional time and effort to find via online forums and the galaxy pages themselves. A manual of code examples and types of jobs would have been great. Further a better use of time would be to start doing the capstone on day 1 and do all of the lectures and quizzes later as the quizzes were very easy and anecdotal, but the capstone required more time then scheduled in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course Info was too simple. While the explanation of Why Galaxy and what the idea behind it was great, the content taught by the videos was more than basic. All this I have learned by trial and error myself, and I completely missed the info of WHY using THIS tool and not others. About extra options we did not talk at all.Additionally, after all these easy lectures and quizzes we were left with the final assignment that was super-hard. The vidoes only prepared for 1/3 of the workflow asked for, and for the rest one was left alone with a tool that was suboptimally introduced. Furthermore, the galaxy instance was crashing regularly, making the convenient batch tool impossible to use.While I liked the idea of grading each other, it was too much work, as everybody got different answers, because of too hard questions. Therefore I spent quite some time on grading, which I did not expectThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material did not cover anything that we needed to complete the final exam. Although I learned a lot working on the final exam, I felt overly stressed & I had to self teach myself in order to get through it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course doesn't teach much beyond how to use Galaxy tools.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I suggest to do this course ONLY if you're doing whole specialization.Course is simply bad, teacher doesn't give to much information and project is very hard to finish.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is supposed to be part of specialization. Unfortunately this is a second course, and the first part doesn't provide necessary information on what we actually do with Galaxy. It felt like following instructions to push certain buttons.I would only recommend it to knowledgeable people with certain background, that should be listed as a REQUIRED knowledge. I hardly learned anything, except for that there is something called Galaxy, we do some analysis by pushing buttons, using preconfigured tools. I don't have expertise to analyse data on my own... unfortunately.As I applied for a financial help here, I won't complain much :).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class presents very elementary information in the video lectures, then it requires knowledge far beyond what is taught in the course to finish the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course might have been great if I did it like 5th or 6th in the certificate sequence. I think this course assumes you have a lot of knowledge about both biology and statistics that I do not have, nor will anyone else who has only taken the first intro course. Even after having submitted my final assignment and peer reviewing others, it is not clear whether or not I or any of my classmates used the correct methods to complete the assignment. A valid solution to the final project hasn't even been given to us as part of the course, so I'll never know whether or not I did it correctly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course assignment requires knowledge that is not discussed in the course. Various inconsistencies throughout the course. Week 4's material is not really helpful and I had a feeling that the instructior just wanted to "wrap up" the course and didn't really care if the material is appropriate. Poorly written quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First, the instructor assumes that the students know so much background knowledge when the students are expecting to learn these stuff in the course. I also feel that this course teaches students to memorize steps needed to accomplish certain operations in Galaxy without explaining why it occurs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have very mixed feelings after completing this course. I can hardly say I feel I have learned any valuable stuff, especially in contrast to the first course when I had a feeling "I am growing with knowledge".Here, I was able to follow lectures' instructions but I did not fully understand why I was doing this and that. I believe not enough foundation was given to make people use the Galaxy tools consciously. The final project was ridiculously far more difficult than what had been covered in the class. I truly believe in the idea of giving ambitious final projects, but I do not believe in the idea of giving the project that is by no means doable based on the course content. Very discouraging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course did not make any effort until I had to dig deep into biology by myself. The course content is insufficient. I think if a sample input was used and every field of the input were explained and also the outputs were explained then it would make much more sense. Poorly designed and demonstrated. Thankfully I started the last assignment very quickly, it took me 10 days to understand how to proceed with the assignment. The TA is excellent, without his help I wouldn't pass this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course's content is useful but honestly the final project is ridiculous because it is peer reviewed and the project is not very straightforward. Everyone gets different answers and without an answer key, no one knows what is right and wrong making it is almost impossible to pass. This needs to change.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course Project is way outside of what was taught in class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good introduction to the galaxy tool. However, the final project was too difficult for what was given in the lectures. I spent 97% of the time I spent on the course doing only the final project. It was too difficult and unfair. I think a way to improve the final project might be to make easier a little bit and give exclusive lectures to help students to do the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The cloud computing service with amazon described in the course is not free anymore. I was charged money for using it. The course also took much more time to complete than I wanted to spend. I believe a better design of the project could lead to a more efficient, less frustrating learning experience. Details below.The usegalaxy server was extremely slow. As shown in the course, I installed an instance of galaxy in the AWS/Amazon Cloud. I was under the impression that this was a free service for the first year. Amazon has changed its interfaces and I could not do the installation as recommended. But I managed to run a few analyses with some workarounds. I did not explicitely terminated the galaxy instance for ~ 6 days. Charges of $280 accumulated.The course project in week 4 was far beyond what was covered in the lectures. It took me a whole week, spending multiple hours every day. Many dead-end roads coupled with extremely long run times on the galaxy servers resulted in very inefficient learning and many frustrations. Help via the discussion forum was critical to design an analysis pipeline - so thank you Dejan and all contributors for the support.This is not a course I could easily do part-time: I don’t have time to read the fine print on what is available for free on Amazon, nor do I have time to go through all of the tools on galaxy to find out what would be the best for my analysis.On the positive side: I think Galaxy is a great tool.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nice overview of Galaxy, but does not really provide enough information for a beginner to start using it without additional resources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was very disappointing and much of the content in the tests and course did not show up in the course project. I felt like the course project was far more advanced than all the other detail. In addition, there was minimal to NO detail on instruction. VERY poor development here and I would not recommend it to anyone. All you need to do is look at all the threads of complaints. I am looking forward to the next Python course and hThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It gives a quick background on Galaxy and its softwares. Content is appropriate but does not prepare you for even the final assignment or real genomic problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite confused during the majority of this course, especially after how clear the first course was. Was able to follow instructions but did not fully understand why I was doing anything. Not enough foundation given. The final project came out of no where. We did not learn nearly enough in the course to be able to tackle that. The majority of steps that needed to be taken were not taught in class or if they were, they were glossed over. I was floored by how the class went form simple to extremely complicated with no transition phase.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures were very informative and clear. I had no problem giving the quizzes with the lectures. The project I had no clue where to begin. There has to be extra lectures included to guide the project. I hope they add some lectures as whatever lectures are currently available areThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is best for recent graduates. It covers the basics. Feedback from course participants is not very valuable unfortunately. People just don't have the time or the experience to give any substantial feedback. For a project-centered course, I would expect feedback on the project (your resume) to be important.A better course that covers the same topic in more detail is: Writing Winning Resumes and Cover Letters. I've taken 5 MOOCs on resume writing and this course is by far the best. Much better use of your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
We are expected to complete a quiz for which we can submit responses only when we purchase the course. What Bullshit!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Personally I don't recommend this course. I really need to learn data warehousing for my job and I have no problem with learning by doing. This course gave me basics, but the learning was very stiff. I think it's just to theoretical here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is very high level and teacher inspiring. As I highlighted already it took me 8 hours with a professional to install Pentaho... for what? to explain pivot tables totals. that is very unecessary. Also from Europe virtual machine use is just killing my computer and I end up spending more time crashing and restarting my pc than working on the course. (and I am surrounded by IT professionals in my company for reference). This is sadly a big let down for an excellent course theory wise.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course lectures were too sparse leading up to the final, very important assignment of learning to how to create an ETL package. More time and energy should have been spent on the technical aspects of the Pentaho Spoon program, rather than doing overviews of application pros and cons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough implication from the instructors in the course. Students are left alone with the material, without any answers to there questions on the course.Peer review process subject to personal interpretation and leading to frustration for the students.That's quite unfortunate as this provides a bad experience whereas the course might have been good without that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Awful. Just awful. There are dozens of students trying to install Pentaho and failing. Only reason I managed is that I have prior experience with the software. There are no TAs, no help, nothing. The Quiz is a scam designed to force you to shell out even more money of the so-called-optional textbook, and the assignments are extremely vague and orders of magnitude beyond the laughable 30 minutes the instructor suggested they should take. My submissions for week 3 total over 30 pages -- and I work a full time job... Avoid this class, do not reward terrible courses with your cash.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was full of issues related to the installation and use of Pentaho Pivot 4J and Data Integration. The professor's presence is resolving these issues was practically nonexistent. Coursera needs to do a much better job at insuring that their professors are offering a quality course and living up to the expectations of the students. In the case of this course and the professor, they failed miserably. In addition, it is practically impossible to get support from Coursera when an issue exists and in most cases when contact is made, the assistance is minimal. It is a shame as the platform is nicely designed and the course topics are very interesting. If you are considering taking this course, be forewarned that the majority of the support of problems/issues come from the community, not the Professor or Coursera. In addition, you are required to grade the assignments of your fellow students. This is not done by the professor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a course almost without any content. You coul pick any book about game design and you will learn more of game design in the first ten pages. I recommend Level up! by Scott Rogers for begginers like me. You could be fooled by this course if you dont know the principles of design and narrative structure, but if you know it you will not find anything of value here, becouse dont explain almost anything about videogame concepts like gameplay, balace, GAME DESIGN, etc. They explain very basics things in the first course and then they forget everything. The rest of the information are very very basic knowledge about character and world design, without being vinculated through metodologies to the games!, only with empty words of inspiration recorded in useles videos. Sorry the critics, but i followed all the courses and paid the monoey for the certificate, hoping that some week the course could show somethign usefull. Never did. See for books if you want to learn something.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a good topic. However the quality of the lectures are pretty low. In my opinion people could learn the topic more efficiently by reading Stewart's book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hopeless ! Less clear and understandable than simply reading a textbook.A waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel that this specialization is not focused enough on developing portfolio pieces. One portfolio piece at the end of an 8-month course does not seem adequate to me. So I wish we focused more on developing high fidelity work - in addition to the need-finding, user research, sketches, short weekly assignments. This high fidelity, digital work could even be optional, but I need some guidance on what work to develop and how the overall process should look.Even being allowed to enroll in the capstone before completing the first 7 sections would be helpful.The review is kind of about what you are looking to get out of these classes. If you just want to LEARN about UX and human centered design, then it's a 4-5 star course. But if you want to PRODUCE some great work that will help you land a job in the industry, it might not be for you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think that is a poor course; a lot of much theory and little practice; is better read a book and see youtube. It doesn't meet my expectations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Should go into more depth - esp with Visual Design.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Simple & Clear , Handsome teacher!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course wasn't good. Many of the assignment instructions and questions were poorly written, and students clearly had trouble understanding what was asked of them. The assignments also weren't very deep or imaginative, and some of them requested very specific answers relying in keywords from the lectures rather than ensuring that the students had really understood the concepts. The design principles were introduced at such a surface level as to be just silly rather than useful. This was kind of a waste of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting topic, however I quitted. Video lectures were recorded almost phrase by phrase, making it too hard to follow the contents properlyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quiz feedbacks are empty, this is not good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hard to follow, ideas are not organized and are not well presented. Lecturer has many pauses, that even on increased playback speed (x1.25), are still distracting. Do not recommend!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Don`t put your irrelevant politics in gamesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
That person should not teach. Nobody. The person is not able to construct a sentence without denial and course has really little information, but lots of empty talking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
why intro is so long?it becomes boring without any physical interpretation of knowledgecan't you take at least one design project or demomany things were said but very little went in headThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I will review this course appointing its pros and cons.Pros:- The instructor: he is a captivating person. It really seems that he like game development, he make jokes and try to make the course interesting. So, he’s personality is makes the course less boring.Cons:- The course name: when I saw “design” in the course name and the icon of course page, I thought it would be related to graphic design, or history telling and so on. But no, the “design” means “project”. So I think a better name would be “Principles of Game Project”. Although, it might be just me who thought this way, because in my language design means something totally different.- The course content: this course should be at the end of the specialization. It is too much abstract and, in some aspects, very obvious. I will not say it is completely useless, because it is not. It gives us a structured view of the stages of game design and its documentation, but I think it would be better if it was like a case study.- The assignments: probably the worst part of the course. They very very complex, to be sincere, none of the assignments I reviewed were full, I gave max grades to many because I think the person tried really hard to make it. Imagine this situation: you are not a programmer, not a graphic designer, not a writer and with a week you need to make a prototype of the game idea you’ve been working on course. This prototype must show the game mechanics and aesthetics, should be playable… And can be non digital? Come on, we are here learning the concepts of developments digital games and the instructor says that we can make a non digital prototype? Some people did it, and I can say for sure that I couldn’t imagine the real game. I made a digital prototype using the knowledge acquired from the first course, but as you can imagine, it is not enough to make our game ideas come true.- The peer review system: the grading is completely non sense, as I said before, the assignments are complex, so it is difficult to show our ideas clearly in a document, without the abilities to make concept arts or something. In 2 of the 4 assignments 2 of the 3 people gave me max grades and 1 gave me bad grades, and did not left any feedback! One of the assignments when I first submitted it I got 12/20. Then, when I resubmitted it, without changing a comma, I got 20/20. So I think this system must change, maybe the mentor should do it.If you want to do all the specialization, ok, go and do this course. But, if this is not your objective, do not waste your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It appears the teacher doesn't take the necessary steps to polish content and tests, everything feels unstructured and ad-lib. Course videos don't seem to follow any kind of logic or purpose and tests are based on highly subjective content, but are not prepared to deal with the subjectivity of reviewers (i.e. forcing them to provide feedback instead of giving points arbitrarily).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After the excellent first course in the specialisation, this was quite a disappointment.I realise that the subject matter in this course will inevitably involve abstract concepts and subjective opinions, but I didn't really 'get' the way that Casey was presenting the subject given that there were quizzes and assignments to follow.That's not to say that the videos aren't interesting. But, given their rambling style, they would be much more useful as reference material rather than driving the course, in my opinion.Many of the questions in the quizzes felt like they'd been added simply to make them up to the correct number. Some were so loose that you could write any answer and I'm sure you'd get a mark!Also, I'd say not to even start this course unless you have a clear idea for a game. The assignments require you to produce design documents that are tedious, going on impossible, to write without some firm rooted idea to start from.Maybe if you really want to be a game designer then this will be the course for you. If you are doing the course out of curiosity, for fun, or to learn how to control Unity, I'd give it a miss.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The information is good but is going too fast and I don't feel I have learned much from it. I'm on week 3 and I'm still not sure of how to make my assignments in a proper way. The quizzes are very confusing too and sometimes I felt frustrated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While I really liked the first course I have massive problems with this course. The first 2 assignments, a high concept document and a story bible were doable.But a full GDD and a prototype on week 3 and 4? These aren't part-time tasks for a few days, these are full-time tasks for at least a full month each to do them properly from scratch. These assignments are so unrealistically hard that they demotivate. And I'm saying that as someone who already had quite some ideas for one game and even started experimental programming. For people that are taking this specialization without a focus on game design and/or without ideas... this course is going to be hell to finish in time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very informative content, some parts are interesting but not worth the money.The worst thing is, all assignments are writting work that are evaluated by colleagues, meaning, it is purely objective, to the extent that one question asks if my uploaded file is in a readable format, example pdf, txt...etc and two out of three marking my pdf file as not!!! and not even leaving a comment why they are giving that bad score on obvious things!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One of the worst courses that I have taken in coursera.The videos feel unstructured without preparation and boring.The quizes are subjective. You can pass all of then without watching a single video or lecture.The assignments are interesting but the way of grading them are bad designed and subjective.Sad, I passed this course without trouble but made me stop wanting to get the full specialization.Spartans! Review the course or better close it. Its a shame.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't like the class despite getting 100% on pretty much every assignment. I learned very little from the class. I don't think 99% of what was in the class was useful to me at all. The grading for the class had ludonarrative dissonance with the quizzes. The projects were graded by peers, but the rubric was nonsensical. 1-5 scale for submitting a PDF, for example. So, someone might give you a 1 for submitting the PDF and thus you wouldn't get a full-score. It was just idiotic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You cannot even complete the first quiz before they demand your :PThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No allow to submit quizThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hands-on instructions and a very practical knowledge. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Provided Unity scripts for projects don't work properly with newer versions of Unity. Quality of video recording is kind of crappy esp. audio. Most of the stuff learned in this course you'd be able to learn straight from the Unity tutorials anyway. Not recommended unless you absolutely need scheduled assignments in order to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teacher is boring. just learned programming from kahn academy and the teacher was excited to teach. this guy though.....PUT A LITTLE EFFORT IN!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
followed instructions to download twice waste of time both times still kept getting an error never got past this to continue with the course so didn't learn anything other than there is little support out there to resolve the problem i think because the course is not monitored or if it is well then more fool me! it would have been a good opportunity to explore this had it been possible to download Unity oh well those who can do those who can't resume their day to day life packing boxes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was much less about the development of games as it was an intro to Unity. Furthermore, the assignments weren't graded on a timely basis, which left very room to collaborate and refine. Overall, I felt like I learned to follow a few basic things about Unity, nothing more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course and material does not articulate the 'Google Cloud Platform' offerings. Maybe Google does not want to compete with Microsoft Azure and AWS alike. If Google itself has approved this 'Google Cloud Platform' trainings on Coursera then vola I am out. I am way better off supporting AWS and Azure (at least they have tons of good trainings and stuff to keep folks in the field excited).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No practical learning, use case basis discussion. All course material is just google provided document.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too sample , and I would expect more in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Translation from English only on the first slides. I thought it at all lectures. Spent a lot of time beginning to study.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you don't want to actually learn what anything means and just get walked through steps on how to do things then take this course. But if you're a beginner to HTML, CSS, and Java Script, this isn't for you. He doesn't actually TEACH you anything, he just takes you through the process. They haven't updated the course content to actually match what is on GitHub's page, so from the start you have to go into the FAQs to figure out where to go from there. It's really frustrating because he will just skip steps, and because he doesn't explain WHY he's doing something, if you miss a step, you get completely lost. I've taken a few coursera courses, and this was the most frustrating course I have taken.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very bad course but i have come to the point that it is ok for the beginersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Setting up the development environment is sadly dated. GitHub has changed and doesn't match the videos so any information delivered doesn't help get someone up and running. Videos run way to fast when someone is working between multiple windows to accomplish tasks. Update info in videos and course would have value. Expecting people to pay to update tech skills in unrealistic in todays competive environment when you are competing against other plaThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First part (HTML&CSS) are good, but JS is to fast and hard to follow for the beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is actual for Mac machine, all instruction are for Mac only. I use Windows so it unuseful for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found there was too much information given in the course lectures without enough practice to learn bit by bit to really understand what I was learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
doesn't have to be that complicated with command prompt actions from the beginning of the course, that make the motivation drop very fast.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the Course content is great and the Tutor is doing a great job but I didn't like the fact that i'm forced to use Github to submit my assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Absolutely not apropriate for very beginners. Lacks explanation of "why" through all the videos, simply giving you information to remember "If you do this, this will happen". Such a structure of explanations doesn't give freedom in the future to do something different, as you don't get a general understanding of what you do.Additionally, all course is tought in Mac. Some commands are different for windows, and they were not even mentioned in the videos! I did not sign up for this course to be forced to spend hours in Google, trying to find how to do something, that supposed to be explained in the lesson.Overall, the course absolutely lacks attention to windows users and is not appropriate for absolute beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didnt like this course. I found it to be confusing. Compared to other CSS JS HTML Courses such as the one from Michigan or Hong Kong Universities which are quite clear and crispt and refreshing, this seems like a work in progress. Confusing, convoluted, odd.HTML CSS JS Are Actually not very difficult.This course makes u question your own name. Makes you think basic math is Calculus. It needs work. Lots and Lots of work. I cant recommend it to anyone who is serious about learning JS HTML or CSS. It accomplishes the exact opposite.With regards to that Chinese Restaurant field trip. What the hell man? Is this a joke? Have the lady call 1800 Web . Com and have a cookie cutter just add water web site. This segment is silly.The rest of the segments? Confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is too much talk about climate change.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Superinteresting subject, but since I did not have access to all the literature through the website I was not able to finish it unfortunatlyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was extremely time consuming because a great deal of effort was required to translate it into something I could use. I had a great deal of trouble with following the lecture videos. The demonstrations of the tools were typed on a screen that was too small and the command line tools were executed so quickly that it's hard to see where the screen full of data came from. The lecturer had such poor pronunciation that lectures' transcripts show that the voice recognition software could not understand and transcribe a lot of her words. For example, "command" sounded like "comment" and likewise was transcribed that way. More seriously, it was hard to hear the difference between "VCF" and "BCF".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the worst course I've ever listened, and I've listened my fair share of online courses! Do this course ONLY if you want to complete whole specialization!Professor is simply awful, English is not her native language obviously, but even that is not the problem, she simply speaks sentences that doesn't make sense at all! And she obviously doesn't have computer science background, if she does then she is even worse then I thought.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures are confusing and quizzes tooThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The worst course I've ever take in Coursera. I can pass the course all because I have some background of this topic. The lecture taught me NOTHING!Consider I just finish the previous course "algorithm for DNA sequencing" which might be the best course I toke in the Coursera, this course makes me very disappointed! If the previous course gives me the faith to continue learning something in Coursera, this course must be the reason that let me leave the Coursera left.I can't even understand why there are some guys give this course 5 stars. If there is -5 stars option, I'll put this score in front of the lecturer and tell her WHAT A BAD COURSE her give us.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you want to know the array of options of the various tools in the Tuxedo suite (and don't want to read a manual), then this course is for you. I was hoping that there would be some conceptual grounding in what each tool was useful for, but that was not present at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad or non-existent supportThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I requested for a refund and I did not receive it. I guess I won't get it until about 2 weeks. I want a refund because it's too easy, this is stuff I learned in freshman biology. It's nice that it offers resources and links however, I wanted to take a course and get a certificate in one at my level to prove that I can learn beyond a high school biology level. And the course says it's for educators but it doesn't go into much detail on how to actually teach the information. I guess this is good if you want to be a substitute at a middle school or high school, but it's not for me. I was looking for something that was more so at a college level. Also on the important information, they sort of skim over sometimes. I'm 19, I'm not in school because I don't want to waste thousands of dollars on stuff that's elementary so I don't think I could get any special benefits and get courses for free, but that's also the reason why I'm on here, but I'm disappointed to have wasted 50 dollars if they aren't going to refund me. I can barely afford 50 dollars, I'm unemployed and no one will hire. I wanted to take a course in something that would at least get me some kind of job or volunteer work within my field of interest. Seriously, not even these minimum wage jobs will hire you if you didn't go or aren't going to college. Just wanted to feel like I accomplished something suited to my level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For a beginner, it is a fair start but definitely many things could have been better. The course does cover the main subject concepts in fair amount of depth and with decent rigor. The course videos are sometimes kind of less engaging. Many a times I felt my interest waning off. Many a times, the mathematical equations looked daunting. I think more focus should be put on including more number of real world examples and solving them within the videos.Also, the concept of three Professors for one course was hard to digest, which led to the whole course feeling discontinuous and disconnected at several instances.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are better courses than this for example Yale Game Theory(YouTube) explanation is not good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Another approach but mathematical demonstration is probably possible.Coursera offer technologies to avoid classroom demos on whiteboard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very formal and difficult to follow. Not for beginners. Not recommended for pros.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i didn't really enjoy this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You need to simplify it a little moreThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some questions in the quiz are not helpful for learning more about the topic. For example how does it help the learner to be able to answer, what question the shirt of the presenter has? Seriously?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No clear explain about which is the right dataset to be downloaded, no support from instructors about that on discussion forum.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
did not learn anything useful at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was potentially interesting but the delivery was slightly below expectations, in my opinion. The topics and discussion could be possibly a bit more factual and focused. It was quite difficult to go through transcripts of interviews because they were interrupted by the interviewer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor is so slow I have to have him at 1.5x speed when listening to his lecture and am still falling asleep. I am very interested Special Theory of RElativity but I ll just get a book. Will be faster.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this one to any paying customer. This is the second intro to Graphic Design class I have take on Coursera, and I found the way the material was presented in the CalArts course to be quite slow and pretty boring. Our assignments were simple and I felt no excitement in doing them. It would have been beneficial to see how these fundamental building blocks could be used in real life design. The other class (by CU-Boulder) made me want to continue learning ,and I felt excited to complete the projects whereas with this class I was forcing myself to sit down to finish just the required ones.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very basic course, not at all college level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The amount of information covered in this course is just right for a beginner. But it suffers because one, the lectures are boring and lifeless (can you imagine graphics design being BORING?), and two, the examples are UNINSPIRING. They could've done better than use the same circles, squares and triangles to explain various concepts! It's hard to get excited about a topic when the presentation is this dull. And did I mention the lecturer doesn't even look directly at the viewer? It's like they're looking at a monitor or camera on the side, so it's like he's talking to somebody else.So in summary, basic concepts and information are there, yes. And it's free so take it and check out the others in the series. It's just that execution could've been a lot better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i hate to say it, but this course is really really bad ... not practical at all. i'm not sure where this is all going. maybe by the fourth course in the series, 100 hours later of lectures, you might have something practical but this approach feels wrong. i'm sorry, it's a reputable school and who the hell am I, but one man's opinion: rethink how you go about introducing the newbie to graphic design as it's applicable to the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course does go over some of the basics of graphic design, but I expected it to be a lot more rigorous. The assignments are incredibly simple, and I think that there should be no optional assignments in the class. The reason I'm taking this class is because I have a hard time motivating myself to learn on my own, so I need something that will really push me. I only spent about an hour a week completing this course, and I believe that you can't learn something by only spending an hour a week on it. Also what's the point of having mentors if they don't engage with you? I know I could have contacted them if I had a question, but I didn't because it was so easy. I wouldn't mind getting feedback from a professional graphic designer though if they're available. Also seeing how many students misinterpret the assignments, it makes me nervous that they are the ones grading mine.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
"Let's try and draw a very basic, simple apple." I had to stop watching this course there. Sorry, but this is less than "fundamentals". I'm trying a new course on graphic design now...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I joined to learn outstanding experience but ... disappointedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was led to believe that I would be learning the fundamentals of graphic design, which to me means learning how to use Photoshop, InDesign, etc. This is more about learning how to create art in general, not exactly what I'm looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A disorganized mess. Got no acknowledgement that i was turning in assignments. My peer-review assignment for week 1 was done the first week was never peered, reviewed, or peer-reviewed. Completed three weeks, all assignments exactly as instructed. God only knows if anything has been received or credited. I hate myself for getting suckered into this awful thing. Bye Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is based on personal anecdotes and not facts. Many of the examples provided have been proven to be farces and/or practical jokes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much peer and dealing with others--not making me happy at allThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What makes this course useful are the exercises so unless you are paying, don't bother, and it's not really worth paying for as it's just a synopsis of stuff you easily find on youtube.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of the course was actually very helpful, but the way the assignments are made took all my motivation away. They use an external tool where one has to enter the information for the assigments, at the end you get a PDF and then you have to copy paste that again into Coursera. The emails are often confusing and some assignements require you to do something each day for seven days in a row, but don't really warn you about that anywhere. So when you think that you have 3 days left to meet the deadline ... wrong, you should've started 4 days ago.This in combination with the ridiculously detailed instruction videos, which consist to 95% of a tutor reading aloud what is written on the assignment webpage. Chances are you get bored quickly and miss the one information that was NOT given on the assignment webpage.In total, it is very sad that this course started so great, but the technical and organizational problems reduced the motivation so much.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course modules are too long and at times what the speaker wants to share gets confusingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I paid to get a certificate and did achieve good marks on the tests and assignments up to week 4 if memory serves. And still, I "dropped out" before the end of the course. Why?- the tests trip you on little bits of trivia, as opposed to assess your understanding of key concepts. Another course, “learning how to learn”, has the best tests in that regard;- the modules are too long. When you do this in addition to working, it becomes a chore;- the assignments: instructions are tedious & confusing. As for the assignment themselves, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was a test subject with data being gathered in the back. Not what I signed up (and paid) for.So it’s a pity and I do regret having had to stop attending this online class. I was attracted to the topic, I enjoyed the personality of the host, but all the above made it a chore.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is for people who are already relatively happy. Tasks are impossible for those who are not happy. Personally i couldn't define happines and couldn't remember anyone who i am grateful toThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lecture uses "you know" so much, that I couldn't hear enything else.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too many weekly lectures, way too many. In addition to that, lots of the lectures were too long and sometimes even meaningless. It was impossible to follow through.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lots of unnecessary information included in each video which make them long and boring. Number and length of videos in each week are too much while the "practical" information you get are not enough!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
ridiculous , unscientific 'self-helpie", far below of even talk-show standards. It gives bad reputation to any business school that endorses such "course"."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instead of These Classes Spiritual Classes will be good ...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A waste of time. One long advertisement for the instructor's book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you didn't like the first few lectures, you won't like the rest. It won't get better. More repetition, clichés, and advertisement that anything else.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
*No Stars*Okay.... this class is very pointless. It is super boring and gives me little information. He says that you do not need to buy his book or visit his suggested website, however that is all he talks about.At least the tests are not focused on that, its mostly on vague points he explains. I would not recommend this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The guy is full of shit. He's just trying to sell you his book and his online game product. He was also obsessed with bragging about all of his accomplishments. I was quite disgusted by him at the end. I paid for the certification, but now I want my money back.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor talks too much about the website and his book! That doesn't make any sense!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not learning much and constantly being bombarded with sales tactics. Not impressed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was really disappointed in this "course" for several reasons. I did not complete it, because it was really not worth spending time on. The organizer impressed me as only wanting to sell copies of his book on dog behavior and used the course as his vehicle. Then there were games to "purchase" online to facilitate teaching my dog cognitive skills. The videos were lacking in creativity. I was really disappointed with this, especially since its a cool topic that could easily be presented in a very exciting way. The artistic level, the videos, slides, etc were something a high school student could pull together. After taking solid courses like ModPo and Positive Psychology, I was amazed at the lack of effort that was put into this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was a giant advertisement and got tiresome very quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturer was an annoying speaker and very repetitive. I just couldn't listen to him... I'm sorry. There was also so much about human development etc that I started to wonder when the info about dogs would start....I found the formatting so different from other courses I've taken, that it was hard to get started and figure things out. Adding to that, was the constant interruption of the "paid certificate" page. If I answer "no" once, please leave me alone! I also think it's a bit suspect for a prof to be plugging his own book for one of these courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have fallen asleep during 3/4th week, and it have never happened to my during any of the Coursera courses... I'm sorry, but it completely failed my expectations. 3 weeks out of 7 gone, and I have learnt absolutely nothing about dogs. Yes, I got some psychological basis, but that's not what I looked for/ The lecturer politely suggests to buy his book ... well if it is the same quality as the presented course, than it's useless...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I just do not feel a connection with this professor - he is constantly plugging his book and the website. The content is just not engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seemed this course was a teaser to get people to enroll in/pay money to join the dogcognition program at Duke. I realized this in week 2 and did not continue the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A waste of money. Only $50, but it was so terrible I did not even want to finish it. And apparently I waited too long to get a refund as well. Never again.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos kept cutting out either entirely or the sound would cut out. Made it very difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mostly just an ad for the instructor's startup. Very annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is basically just one giant commercial for the web site. A whole lot of talk, but not a lot of information. I was going to finish the course anyway, to pick up what is in there, but I just cannot stand any more plugs. Very disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion:The topics reviewed were too haphazardly selected.The citations for quoted research were hard to impossible to find,The course focused disproportionately on the lecturer's commercial ventures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the topic is interesting, the materials are poor and the lectures are not particularly insightful. The slides have several mistakes and typos, which makes you doubt the whole course. The speakers are not engaging and it just looks like no effort was made in preparing this course. Additionally, the materials do not prepare you for the review, and on weeks 2 and 3 (the hardest) you don't have a chance to review the questions or correct your mistakes. The course really needs some improving!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough materials in the video. Most of the info are in the reading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lots of readings! Would have loved a more engaging format. Also found the content slightly ambiguous, you might have to do some trial and error and might be surprised at the answers in the quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basically not much content. The guest speaker uses unnecessarily weird examples in his talk.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Duke.... Coursera... guys, come on! I'd like to contrast this with the Wharton Business Analytics specialization that I'm completing. It was like night and day. I mean, professors in that course are presenting their own research! Cade Massey presents research he did with Dick Thaler! None of that happens here. The information shared doesn't even flow smoothly.This course relies mainly on PDF slides (if I wanted to read, I would've bought a book). At one point, it even links to 6 articles on another website (and that's in the quiz as well). It seems like very little effort was put into this online class by the professors. The slides themselves seemed scatter-brained, several times asking questions that are never even answered. It was almost as if someone took already prepared slides from a course and just kind of mashed them with a very little bit of video to make an "online" course. Even the answers to quizzes seemed extremely vague (it often felt like there were several right answers... or none -- to me, this is sloppy quiz writing).I honestly expected better from both Coursera and Duke! The only redeeming part about this course is that behavioral economics is honestly compelling, despite the shortcomings pointed out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The subject matter is good, but the course does not adequately explain behavioral finance concepts. Most of the course consists of slide decks to read. There is a dearth of video content. I expected better quality from a course provided through Duke University.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course covers the basic foundations of behavioral finance, especially prospect theory and various cognitive biases that negatively influence our decision making in financial affairs.The topics covered are definitely very interesting and the lecturers frequently prove that they know what they are talking about and explain some topics in adequate depth and breadth.For a valuable Coursera course I am expecting that most of the material is covered with video lectures (otherwise I read a book on that matter) and I am expecting thought-through slides with clear definitions, clear practical examples and exercises, and the presentation of experimental proofs for the given statements.Regrettably, most of this course is comprised of simple slides with limited structuring, as definitions, exercises, and proofs are often intermingled. More importantly, only a very limited subset of the course is covered with the suitable and valuable video lectures.Especially the last of the three-week course consist mostly of reading material from an external website.The exercises after each of the three weeks are at the lower end of what I have seen on Coursera and the lecturers should consider putting more effort in creating useful questions for formative and summative evaluations of the learning progress.In summary, smart lecturers present a very interesting and highly relevant topic, but they put to little effort in creating a compellingly online course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course had almost no lectures. It was almost all done in downloadable PDF's that were rarely discussed in the lectures. I never learned why anything happened.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures are not adequate, too much self-study effort is needed to have a good understanding of the subject. The time allocated for this topic is not enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very light on substance. There are significantly better courses and books available on the same subject matter. I definitely would not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures were good, the tests were almost a give away and the essays were an opportunity to practice what I learned from the lectures. My only BIGGEST disappointment is that the essays were evaluated by students like me. I received evaluations that doesn't tell me much or evaluations that doesn't make sense. If I only knew that this course was not an instructor supervised course, I would have been willing to pay extra money just to get a professional to assess my essay and provide me with feedback. At this point, I am disappointed that I decided to just watch the videos but skip the peer-reviewed essays and make the most of what I paid for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very general, and knowledge you could easily acquire from the web. The only difference is the presentation of the information is stretched over an hour worth of video. The most useful part of this course however is the walk-through examples provided.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have yet to have ANY of my essays reviewed, although I have finished every requirement of the course. I"m very disappointed. I hope that the directions given to me by the course attendants will correct this problem, however.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Totally disorganized, mis-managed, unfairly graded course!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I took the first class in this specialization. I liked that enough to enroll in the second class, however I did not realize that it was being taught by the same teacher. Nothing against her, she certainly taught the class and met the objectives, she just speaks too slow/articulates too precisely for me. Also, I was not aware that Coursera changed the auditing policy. As an auditor, I am no longer able to participate in the assignments or quizzes in this class. Without the ability to do the assignments and receive peer feedback, it seems pointless to continue the class. Furthermore, there was a problem with the practice exercises... You need to download an app to do the practice, which I did several times, but the lessons or assignments never worked. I sent notes to coursera about this with no reply. The low rating is primarily based on the fact that I could not do the practice assignments and that coursera took away the ability to complete assignments and take quizes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't learn much of anything at all, the peer review system is lazy on the Teacher's part, and half of my classmates couldn't even speak proper English, let alone write it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am learning a lot but I can not afford to pay.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is absolutely no supervision on this course. My essay has been sitting in a student review cue for two months now - so, no completion of course and the program has the audacity to mark me as 'late submission'. I have reviewed 7 papers (requirement of 3) and am shown as being deficient. It is as if I dropped into a void.I paid a decent amount of money to attend this course and very disappointed that it is simply run on auto pilot with no place to go for resolution, questions or help.I would NOT recommend taking this course and would better advise you to find something in another online teaching program or course within Coursera that has at least a modicum of personal interaction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i think, this course content is a bit dependent on thought process..it changes with individualsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Perhaps this class would be good for a non - native english speaker. I went through the first, maybe, five videos. From what I could tell, I learned all of the stuff in this class by the age of 10. If this class is for people who english is a second language, it should be more obviose.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While some of the materials are interesting in this course, it gives a very "high school" feel rather than providing help with college essay writing. It would be helpful to have this course more geared towards college academic writing and have more emphasis on developing ideas, finding resources to support ideas, synthesizing, paraphrasing and all the other skills useful for college academic writing.I assume most people who come to Coursera are above high school level. Some of the materials like the monkey example are a bit too childish and the sample articles can be too simple to be appropriate to learners at this level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was really interested in this course and I think the information is useful. But I find it boring, it didn't get my attention.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course fell far below my expectations and failed to rise to the level I've expected in comparisons to other courses I've taken via Coursera. A few of the issues:-Very basic information. If you have any marketing and/or messaging experience you will most likely be bored by the course.- For a course that focuses on engagement, very little mixed media use.-Timing issues of informational slides (usually too short.)-As someone who is a paid adjunct I did not value paying for the course, only to discover I'd have to review other students' work.-As a professional I did not feel the need to be reviewed by others, or share (for free) any input. The course did allow me to just space through and then submit with no actual answer, but doing so does impact your final pass/fail.-I signed up with the intent to take all five courses. Fortunately, I planned on paying for one at a time. After a disappointing course one, I will not be taking the additional four.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic information. Could have been covered in full in a ten minute video. Not very useful, given the time and effort involved.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its a hard course, and u may only take the quizzes twice every week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is out of touch with reality and systematically underplays the Paris Agreement, progress of renewable energy and EU emissions mitigation, says absolutely nothing about climate science. At times the attitude is down right hostile and disgusting. Will share these observations widely. We are in a climate emergency and need to do everything we can. When I was taking this course, my city is going through severe flooding and the country is in yellow alert stage due to abnormal thunder storms. You should be ashamed of yourself for pushing this garbage.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course has not been updated. Wrong answers in quiz (eg week 3 quiz on progressivity), videos getting blocked at review question point, etc. I am checking out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some calc and formulas are not clear otherwise the course allowed to have a general overview on financial instruments and tradesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material was interesting, but it lacked in sufficient practice resources for the mathematical portions. Also, instructor support / feedback to student questions was lacking. I found this course adequate if it was free, but not worth $79 for the amount of resources I was given to practice what we learned. This is highlighted by the fact that the weekly quizzes didn't show you the solution when you missed a question, so you were left guessing (instructors don't respond to student discussion questions) if the videos didn't address that specific question type.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course information is very interesting but covers the material too briefly. The topics were covered very quickly and not in very much depth. Quizzes often asked questions in a way that was not covered in the course material and were therefore quite difficult to figure out at times. I'm taking this course series to learn the material, not to be tricked of failed on a quiz. Also as this is a rather math-intensive subject, a more comprehensive review of the algebraic tools and skills required would be helpful. Lastly, there were many mistakes with grammar and spelling in the written portions. I know English isn't everyone's first language, but if we are paying for these educational materials then it doesn't look very professional for there to be glaring errors repeatedly throughout the material. It's not that difficult to have a native speaker proof-read before publishing (I would be happy to do this for you, any job openings?). Just some thoughts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
way too many peer reviewed assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very good course! All explanations are clear and too powerful for understanding.Two stars because all tests you can submit if purchase certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was a good course. But it doesn't worth the money. Paying $69 is just too much for this elementary course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the peer grading system is poor, considering that they are learning just like us.the grading should be done automatically or by a professional .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really disappointed you have to pay to be able to do the quizzes. I thought the whole point of Coursera is to enhance our skills for free and chose to pay for a certificate if we wanted to.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class itself is quite good. However you can not submit the Module Quiz without purchasing the certificate, which is quite annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You should tell people before they enroll that, to take the quizzes, they must pay. It was a waste of time...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is great, but I am very disappointed that after spend 3 hours watching the videos and practicing, I can only submit my answer if I upgrade. This should be said before I enrolled in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
material was good but it doesn't tell you to pay for the course until you take the quizThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In fact the course is fantastic. I'd say that is perfect, but it is not because requires payment to be assessment in the activities.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very weak course, gives very little knowledge of grammar, doesn't really explain quite a lot of things. If you are a first year primary school student, this course might be helpful, otherwise a complete waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course only works if u pay, which is shit coz most people dont have money...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course could have earn my stars.Money, money, money is not the way to go.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i dont know why, but it's so frustrating that i have problem with this course. i can't start every quiz in week 4.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it is really necessary to establish better the target auditory for this course. The students with very basic level of English have to study with advanced non-native speakers and with natives. The exercises can be too challenging for the first category, sometimes boring for the second and absolutely superfluous for the third.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor visual communications, it should be better since it is the only way to follow the course.Should be nice if the slides counted with a kind of animation to enphatize what we are talking about.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is pretty basic. As far as grammar goes, it really only covers tenses and parallel agreement. I'm also pretty there is more to punctuation than the semicolon and the comma, although I didn't realize how complicated comma placement could be!The professor talks like she's on tranquilizers and it's difficult to do peer reviews when 90% of the class apparently doesn't speak English as their first language.I learned some things, but this course should really be called "How and when to use a comma". Would anyone really pay money for this?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Contents are interesting and useful, even if the course deals with few topics. I think it is too expensive! A good grammar book is cheaper and more complete.I would not enroll this course anymore.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It most be more effectiveThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although the course was very useful, I couldn't complete the course due to an assignment. The assignment is very unrealistic and the graders don't give any feedback!! The assignment is open ended question and not difficult but took significant time, when I submit I was unable to pass.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
low-level content for people with no teaching backgroundThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not refer anyone to this course. Although the content is well done, the tech piece of the course is sooooooo frustrating. At one point during the course I kept rating and rating my peersʻ assignments and the system would not accept it. I later found out there was some kind of tech issue. There was NO communication from Coursera whatsoever regarding this--no email, nothing to me or the class as a whole. So, we just had to keep checking and submitting ratings to see if it would finally be accepted. I find this bizarre, to say the least. Now, I am in the third course and the SAME thing is happening! I work full time, have a second job, go to school, raise two boys as a single parent and time is of the essence for me! I do not have time to waste! I keep wasting my time with tech issues. That is so disturbing. Somehow or another we should be kept abreast of tech platform problems. This is crazy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is too basic, seems unresearched. Instructor is distracting in manner in which he presents information - overemphasizes acting over content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was some interesting information in here, and I found a few things useful. That said, you have to sift through a lot of gimmicks to get to the parts of the lessons that actually matter.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has great videos. I give it such a low rating to get your attention and point out some serious problems. This is a certification course in how to teach English as a second language. What was not apparent to me though is that you have to take 2 parts of the specialization before getting certified and it will take over a year! Also, there is close to no teacher participation in the module I took and there are no mentors or student teachers (that might change in future classes I would hope, but no guarantees) and there was close to zero feedback of my work or even in the discussion area and no authoritative feedback. Even the peer reviews require your classmates ONLY to judge you based on whether you actually tried to answer the question, if it was between one and three paragraphs and one other silly thing that I can't even remember now. No one is required to give actual feedback and a lot of the assignments were written by students in horrendous English, but that is not to be considered. With so many people taking this course for whom English is not a first language, even these very simple instructions were often misunderstood and people had problems with getting credit for their assignments. Also, even though the videos are really well-done, they are short and contain little information for the price. I figured that I was paying about $50 an hour for the lectures at regular speed. There are also little to no resource links etc. for further study so the lectures are pretty much the only thing you get. If you are a native English speaker who doesn't mind spending an entire year and the cost for well-done videos on the subject is not important, then this course if for you. If however you think this is going to cost only $200 and you would have interaction with teachers and you would get a certification in about half a year... I want to make sure you realize, that is NOT what this specialization is! If you are NOT a native English speaker, this course is designed well I think for people who do not speak English as a native language, who might even have a low level of English, yet who are teaching English already in foreign countries and would have difficulty acquiring certification any other way and therefore don't mind taking a full year to complete the course or the price and for whom not having someone give them feedback would be considered an asset. I have recommended it to friends who are not native speakers of English, but as a native speaker I found it slow, expensive and the assignments to be actually annoying. It's perfect though for my foreigner friends... as long as they understand it's real length and cost! THE CERTIFICATION WILL TAKE OVER A YEAR AND COST AROUND $400.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has valuable information, but it is ultimately political. The professors don't even disclose that there are two opposing historical schools: "New Historians," whom Palestinians reference; and traditional historians, favored by most Israelis. Which version is followed here? The answer is a mix, without identification. This is not the same as "balance," which would entail each side laying out its key points and evidence. As others note, there is zero reading material. One wonders if this is because to choose a historian is to choose sides--that is how divisive this topic is. The discussion forums are also poorly monitored, unlike other Coursera courses; which does not advance understanding."A little knowledge is a dangerous thing" unfortunately applies to this condensed intro course. And contrary to expectations for an offering from Tel Aviv U., most Israelis would likely be offended by some of its assertions/omissions. For example, Israelis recall that Palestinian founding father Haj Amin al-Husseini was a Nazi agitator in Europe and bequeathed an anti-Jewish ideology (Netanyahu even made a speech about this in 2015 that was covered internationally). Yet in this course, you will be told simply that al-Husseini was a "man of religion."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bogus and boring content. The monotonous voice gets me!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was more objective than I thought. Nevertheless, the information about the Zionism, refute itself and make us criticize about the dangerous notion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was too short and did not provide any reading material.It would be more helpful to have more and shorter quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this course to anyone interested in an introductory linguistics course. While I understood the content of the lectures, discussion videos, interviews, language informant videos, and required reading, the quizzes were far too difficult for a beginner course. I found myself wanting to drop the course, and the discussion forums show I am not alone in my frustrations throughout the six weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't know what is the problem as I study the videos well and when it come to taking quiz i never pass so I watch the videos over and aver again but it always the same resultthe part of other languages I'm not sure what is the point of it I mean does it help in English to know how to say for example hi in other languages plz if anyone passed the course . could u plz help meThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To difficult to enjoy, unfortunately.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting content, but issues with broken links needed to complete quizzes while they were due. Needs better explanation of how to use other resources. Many of the quiz questions are arbitrary, rather than really testing knowledge gained in the class. The lectures are still useful, and would recommend doing this as a free course, but see no use in paying for a certificate on completion of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not so good. A lot of things are just come from the instructor's head without correcting reference from high quality literature. He can say whatever he think is right. But I would not say all animals do not have complex language systems, or we have one single origin of language. I would also suggest the instructor to interview more world-famous linguists, not just play simple ask and answer with his students.The examples of different languages in the later weeks are interesting. But somehow I expect some better understanding of more aspects of languages. In general I would say it still has so much space for improvement. I would not recommend anyone to spend time on learning this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was often confusing and the quizzes came down to a question of trial and error. I found this very frustrating. Although the topics were interesting, I didn't find them very well presented in spite of the enthusiasm of the lecturer. But there was a lot of ambiguity and bias and the inability to discuss except through the forums was off-putting.It wouild be good to know why answers were wrong in the quizzes particulalry when you had put a lot of effort into studying them.In the final exam, there are questions which are evidently wrong, both in their wording and in their marking and nothing has been done to remedy this in spite of the complaints in the discussion page.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course itself is fine. The quizzes, however, are so frustrating as to lower the enjoyment of the whole thing. Numerous answers are just factually wrong. You end up retaking the quiz time and again and then selecting random answers just to pass.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very slow moving. Feels like you have to sit through a lot for very obvious information. I would recommend http://ielanguages.com/linguistics/ for a more detailed and more concise introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not like this course. There are far too many prejudicial ideas - even in the first unit. A language does not have to be used by a single / unified group to define it as a language. Esperanto is a perfectly valid language, fully capable of expression, and does not belong to a single / unified group. There are no native speakers, either - which does not rob it of the fact that there are winners of the Nobel Prize for literature who write in it. The things you are saying about language are not merely willfully ignorant, they are highly offensive & prejudicial. I cannot conscience supporting a course like this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a very dry course. The material is very limited and the coverage has to be more lively with some some relevant examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Needs to pay for submit assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Maybe I was wrong but I expected more medical course with many practical examples and the course is sth like 'explore your creativity in the field and be prepared'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad video quality, errors in tasks and descriptions, no clear path through the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Platform tooling for emylators and native devices is tricky and if done wrong, it impacts a students ability to finish the course.However these topics get very little attention.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the subject matter was extremely relevant, I didn't think this course was taught well. Much of the lecture and exercise focused on providing direction than actually teaching. I felt as though I was just copying and pasting sample code. At times it was as though the professor was rushing to introduce new modules rather than discussing how and why certain concepts should be used. In most cases, I could have learned the Ionic modules just as well by reading the documentation and looking at sample code, which is often what this course felt like. I'd have much rather seen the concepts explained in more detail than rushing to add new modules without any context.The quizzes are not challenging (the professor always puts the correct answer as the first choice) and the exercises just provide cut/paste code snippets without any reasoning or explanation. I would have preferred to have the exercises conducted by providing a high level goal and then a solution to check against rather than the "put this code here" approach that's used. The assignment grading is either far too obvious (whether a required module was injected or not) or completely arbitrary. Generally the assignments lacked nuance and complexity as well. I didn't feel like I really learned any of the concepts behind this material after going through the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures and assignments dealing with Ionic were useful and informative, but that's only the first half of the course. The Android/iOS portion felt extremely rushed. For all of the hassle of setting up my Android environment, I get one week of lectures/exercises out of it and that only covers rudimentary functionality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is not mature yet. Some things were not tested by the teacher before being part of the course and do not actually work. Questions asked on the forums about it got no answers before the end of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sells too much Google and do not explain important things.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good overview of all the services, but I could have read it just from the service list, and all the labs can be done without watching this course. There is no barely any information about machine learning, except for a small Tensorflow playground overview and copy pasting Python to Datalab. But this negative comment is only because I was expecting it to be a bit more comprehensive, for someone who has no previous information about any of the subjects, this can be a good introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
course starts to be already outdatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very US centered and assignment not well connected to the lectureThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Doesn't look quite helpful. Just some common things.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was most excited about taking this class (in fact, it's how I found the specialization as a whole) and I did not get as much out of it as I was hoping for. :-\ I think that it's geared to too wide of an audience, so we didn't get as specific as I was anticipating. I also felt that a lot of the time of the videos were taken up by telling us what not to do. ("You don't want to be too far to this side, but you don't want to be too far to the other side, right?") I did get some good information out of this class, but I found a disconnect between the lectures and the homework. When we were assigned an elevator pitch as an assignment, it might have been nice to have seen some examples of elevator pitches--what makes a good (or a bad) elevator pitch? What kind of things would be a good idea to include? Concrete examples would have been super helpful. Submitting my homework and then seeing that other people did vastly different stuff made me question my own submission (Did we just take it in a different direction or did I (or they) misunderstand the assignment?) but since we're all peer reviewing, it's a case of the blind leading the blind there. This also happened with the SWOT Document...which I don't think was even mentioned in the lectures at all in-depth. Again, it would have been helpful to have seen some concrete examples, as I've never heard of that document before.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horrible class. Shame it's in the series.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was very superficial, mostly with tips and hints.It's good to be aware that the option for performing the quizes and tasks were unavailable, making it hard to evaluate the experience of the course fully.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course tries to cover the many aspects around the games industry. But the coverage in each of the subject is not deep enough to be useful. For example, the instructor talks about project management, public speaking, how to write a resume etc. The instructor starts by talking about why they are useful, and then followed by one to two 10-15 minutes long video lectures. Each of these could worth a full Coursera course and I am sure the other courses have better coverage than in this course.The quiz questions are not well thought and do not stimulate thinking at all. Some of the "correct" answers are personal opinions but you have to choose them in order to pass the quiz.The third peer grading assessment asks students to post a video either to pitch himself/herself or to pitch the game the student makes. However, the specialization up to this point does not equip student with the skills beyond the basics. Unless you are already in the industry, I do not think anyone can make anything impressive to be worth pitching in front of the audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mostly fluff with little substance. The videos seemed loosely tied around a common subject, but it might as well have been a YouTube playlist on overall concepts of cities needing to be aware of climate change. The week 4 videos were the same as the week 1 with very vague statements about cities needing to experiment with sustainability to approach the challenges of the 21st century. Only the week 2 video on Copenhagen was actually educational beyond the most superficial concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hi,I'm sorry to say that this course wasn't really useful. I had the impression to see dozens of INTRODUCTION videos about sustainables cities. Because:1. In 5 weeks you have time to cover in details all the aspects of sustainable cities: energy, transport, waste, building, sharing economy. The condition is to focus each week to a topic.2. It is too much based on powerpoint presentation and not at all on example. Concepts stay concepts: we didn't visit one single town, a connected building, an innovative waste management system. You quote 300 living labs, let's go !3. Pictures from the powerpoint are at least for half of them taken from pictures bank. Synthetic images, not concrete. Desapointing.4.. Always the same example: Malmo, Copenhagen... What about the rest of the world ?5. Videos from WWH and ICLEI are clearly revolting. Is it some publicity for them ??? This is not the place for that.In contrast, congratulations to Yuliya Voytenko, for her speech about sharing economy: it was clear, precise, focused.Please do your best to improve your courses: you have the knowledge, let's spread it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was somewhat disappointed with the content of this course. It seems shallow and disintegrated to me. Its difficult to say that this course provides some practical knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unlike the HTML course which precedes it, this course was lacking information and structure.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures and assignments questions are more about the history of the internet and HTML. although I've finished the course but it wasn't as good as i thought.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it is very boring course no coding just watching a lady talking and talking and talking it is really very boring to do thatThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I signed up to learn how to write good code, but I don't feel like I learned much. I passed the exam by writing an HTML document that was syntactically and semantically correct, but I don't know why it was more correct than what I've been doing on my own and cannot be sure I'll will write better code in the future as a result. I did learn a lot about the internet in general though. I feel like I would have learned more and paid less money taking a course somewhere else or buying a book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
More interactive assignments using the parser would have been great. As it stands, the quizzes had mostly relevant content, but the lessons were anything but engaging. Having Colleen talk at the camera for 5-12 minutes per video got tedious really quick.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could be better spread out over a longer duration.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The caliber of questions in the quizzes is quite advanced. I would be fine with that, as the challenge of writing correct html5 is a good challenge. However much of these questions were not covered in the lectures or the required and optional reading. Learning the correct html tag syntax is not intuitive--one has to be shown examples. If no examples have been covered, how can a quiz-taker be expected to create the proper tags? This strikes me as bad pedagogy.In order to answer the questions and prepare the requested page of html tags, it became necessary for a beginner such as me to research elsewhere in order to answer the questions. In that case, I began wondering why I was taking this course, rather than just reviewing the many free html5 explanations on the Internet.Further the very general response to the submitted page of html gives me no help when I am simply told something isn't right and I should review the lessons--again. I expected better feedback.I found this course to be fascinating from the lecture point of view, but "abusive" in terms of quiz expectations. I was going to take the CSS3 course from the series, but now I plan on looking for this education elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of theoretical stuff, nothing for practice; awful final exam strategy, the course encourages learning by heart without any thinking; advice: to help non english students (like me), make the lectures not overlapping the subtitlesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly executed. Lost my interest very quickly. I thought that this course was going to be as enjoyable as Dr. Chuck's Python for Everyone given that both instructors are from the same institution, and both courses belong to similarly named specializations, that is "...For Everyone", but I ended up disappointed. My suggestion for the instructor: redo your lecture slides or point out to all of the errors in the slides. It is not acceptable for you to just say that they contain errors and not point out where all of the errors in the slides are. You only pointed out to one error in the slides by the way. Also, I personally believe that it would have been much more interesting if you had not read off a screen for your lectures; try speaking off the top of your head.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is absolutely NOT for beginners. There is no way you can possibly do this class in under 10 hours a week. The presentations are sloppy and vague. There is absolutely no support, unless you count snark from the aids who check into the message boards once and a while to tell you your question is stupid. This woman chatters on way to fast and if you use the slower speed setting on the videos, it crashes every time. I am not happy that I wasted money on this class. It offers nothing to prepare you to actually do any real life HTML coding. I highly recommend either purchasing a book to learn on your own or take a class elsewhere. The Coursera platform is garbage. The app crashes and it doesn't seem to cooperate well with Safari so I have to lug around my laptop in order to get through this nonsense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If there had been a working autograder for the last final project this course would have been worth it somehow.What does that mean?- The lectures provided valuable information.- The quizzes generally made sense (in relation to the lectures).- Learning how to code wasn't really possible.Why is that?- There is only one programming assignment.- The autograder doesn't give any feedback at all why resp. where things go wrong. That's everything but good style (for software as well as for learning).- Code snippets can't be tested individually. That's very bad behavior in programming.- At the end working code that meets the teached rules is marked as wrong. You are lost without any clue.So probably you can learn something. Unfortunately you can't possibly finish the course with a feeling of success.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher is excellent.This is excellent but poor introduction to HTML.The course, which is part of specialization should be much more detailed. With much more axamples. I think it is not worth 49$.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected more coding examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been more usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Thank you for you time and for everything you did.As an introduction, I did not find that there's need to talk about the hosting and the other things related to this topic. It would be better if the instructor went deeper into the HTML5.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The grading system I dont like it. I coded and validated, yet it returned error to me. I was frustrated that I had to opt out of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its ok. HTML is not "Code" its a Mark-Up Language. When she cant explain sheo covers it up with attitude words or skips quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was clearly not ready. The autograder for the final project was.. a complete fail. It was not a fun experience trying to change around my code to figure out what the autograder wanted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would have rated this course with 5 stars if it wasn't for the Autograder that marked the final assignment, which made that I didn't even get to pass the course, although, according to me and everyone I had contact with regarding this course, my code was correct! Everything else was very well done, and I congratulate Ms. van Lent on her course. I will be going on to the next course in this specialization, because all the autograders for the rest of it has been removed. Thank goodness!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor might be a good web developer, but neither she nor anyone else on her team know how to write a parser. Unfortunately, that is exactly what they attempted to do for grading Final Projects.Unless you are ready to suffer through several hours of tearing your hair out because their parser does not accept perfectly written code, don't take this course. The only thing you'll learn through the experience is that some people should stay as far away from writing autograders as the planet would allow them.Additionally, the information presented in this course is available in several better structured and presented versions both on Coursera and other MOOC platforms. So you don't need this course in particular in order to learn the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
autograder will not accept my valid code that contains all valid elements, will not make the deadline so will not bother continuing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
clear teaching but too much basilar introductionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures get you through the basics in a clear, understandable way.But the auto-grader was really a bad idea, that got the lecturer into a lot of trouble for very little gain if any.It seems to me that peer-reviewed assessments, with proper instructions, are better suited. Apart from being more reliable and less frustrating, I think the learner can really get more out of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It may be a 5 weeks course with a more slow learning, because we see some tags in a second and it passes. And the autograder works really bad. I do not know where I fail but I failed all the questions. A peer grader would be nice for the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many mistakes in the math. I dropped after a weekThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the visual set up is well thought out (you can see the instructor, slides and writing space, the setup of course materials is too stringent for the beginning chemist. More time seems to be needed focusing on the basics of chemistry and chemistry math (such as how to read CH4, sig figs, etc) prior to testing on stoichiometry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite a repetition of Fundamentals of Graphics Design, the first course in the specilization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The weakest of the series so far. Overlap with some of the other courses. Too much art therapy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As an educator myself, I found this class to be rather pathetic in its structure and the assignments. These are topics and activities that I was doing as a student in middle school and junior high (both public schools mind you, not arts centered charters). Charging people for a certificate in this "class" is tantamount to what diploma mills do as the course requirements are not up to even senior high school level coursework. Truly, Coursera, what happened to your open education offering real education?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A weaker version of "Fundamentals of Graphic Design" with way too much overlap. It should not be included in the Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was quite disappointed with this class. The videos and instructions are very short and the information is lacking. When reviewing other classmates material it was quite clear that people were confused with the assignments because I saw such a huge range of submissions that were very different from each other.I found the material to be very similar to the first course in this specialization; both asked very similar things but this class didn't add much to the process.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not up to the standard of the previous two courses. The material was already covered in the first course - Fundamentals of Graphic Design - and nothing new was brought to the table. Even the assignments were a re-hash of the ones from the first course. I realize the point of the lack of specific guidance was intended to encourage us to explore the "making" of multiple iterations of the images. I just would have liked to have more instruction or examples of the elements of composition hierarchy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I understand it was a more practical course but still more information would have been great. Same assignments but more information would have been great. Other courses had more videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the course videos quite dull and uninteresting. The topics covered could have been taught a lot better. I finished this course only because I wanted to get through the specialization course. I found that the course 'Fundamentals of Graphic Design' did an exponentially better job of explaining image making techniques and composition. The assignments in this course are reasonably good but the instruction videos can definitely benefit from some additional in-depth material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing interesting. Common information about nothing. SorryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I personally did not find it constructive enough to spend money on.It is way too general and basic. I expected something more articulated and not so elementaryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought this course would be more fun and interesting but I find it VERY repetitive with the Fundamentals of Graphic Design. If you buy the package it kind of seems like I wasted $79 dollars on a repetitive and monotone professor and course. I would not recommend this course within the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course offer a lot of interesting topics, but the way of their presentation is not very amazing, so the student loses easily the concentration.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizzes and assignments cannot be submitted if course is audited.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Speaker is not energetic or something lacking.. makes it boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, it's like reading the table of contents of a guidebook 'How to become an Entrepreneur'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very short not good It doesnt give anything about entrepreneurshipThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No real applicable knowledge gainedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing really new. Very good for newbies in the field. Short and easy to handle presentations and topics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely generic and a but to much of self-promotion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic overview. No real meat on these bones.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointing, not different from a class presentation, poor in content, lousy instructorThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not conclude the course because of the fundamentally wrong guidance that this lecturer promotes. Today we know more advanced and useful methodologies for entrepreneurship.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a fan of this course. Reasons:1) The subject material is presented in a dry manner (too much talking and jargon) - I find it repetitive and boring. I have to play it at least 1.75x in order to get through the material and try and stay engaged but I still have a hard time paying attention. Seriously, so boring!2) There is a high degree of subjectivity in grading essays (peer reviews)This course can benefit from:1) Clearer introduction of concepts using pictures and animations, as well as cutting out the repetitiveness (and the assault of the jargonaut)2) A better approach to grading that places importance on concepts instead of key words (jargon)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is sorely out of date and in need of a refresh. Using 2012 statistics to describe the state of global terrorism today may be an interesting history lesson, but only serves to show how much more dangerous previously safe regions are today.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
foreign accent is totally ok, but very poor presentation skills by lecturer. material should be refreshed some already outdatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The most boring course i have ever done in my life... Soporific course, Content interesting, but professor is just reading slides, with reading mistakes every 2-3 words. I would not recommend this course at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor presentation skills (mostly reading slides)Unclear and inconsistent in what pre-requisite knowledge is needed for the course (in one place he assumes one does not know digital logic, but then later he assumes you know hardware languages, fpga design, etc.).Was a waste of time, shame on Coursera that pre-requisite knowledge was removed from the site.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very slow paced and boring. The instructor is not good at teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some content is good and informative but there's a big problem with the teacher accent (adding a "ch" at the end of half the words) and his diction (hesitating on the other half the words). Also it seems that the course was created in a rush and lacks a lot of polishing(*). Sometimes the course assumes a good level in computer science and then 2 minutes later it explains how to do a decimal to binary conversion! This makes many videos boring but the slides are not provided so you really have to view the videos entirely. I've followed much harder courses with pleasure but here it was torture to finish it. Also most of the course is just definitions of some specific terms and not practical explanations. I agree that defining a few words is important but here it's just too much. *: Some videos are in reverse order, some are stopped in the middle of a sentence, some quizzes are bugged and don't give credit properly and there's nobody to help students...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material used for this course is so old that makes me feel I'm taking a course in the 90's. The narration is very dull and therefore hard to follow. Really disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quality of the slides, video, and presentation in this course is much lower than those offered by this Speciality or coursera in general. Very disappointed in this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not feel that this course is ready for publication and is overlong for the material presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was fine but the delivery method and instructions were sub par. Hope they will improve it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
amateurish presentation. and there is some technical issue with the content. the video gets stuck a lot and the problem is not my internet.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course itself is a 4 star, pretty good. The service from Coursera a one star. An assignment was submitted by the deadline but was never reviewed. Course closed and they say I have to enroll in the next course. What a huge pain. Wont take Coursera classes again for certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very basic information from high-school STEM classesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In terms of how the course was presented, I liked it compared to the usual lecturing style; however, the content was below basic for someone in the field of health.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A solid reminder to all to be active. Good MOOC if you're just starting out and looking for basic guidance on where to start.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is interesting and might be useful for complete strangers in the world of fitness/physical activity, as it provides some general ideas about implementing activity to one's daily life, as well as gives a good understanding on stating achievable goals. For those who have the essential knowledge of all that, the course would be a repetition of the basics. The most useful part seems to be about the goal setting, and that is what I'd recommend to start with for most students. The course won't be useful for fitness\sports professionals. Follow-up e-mails for many months after the course ends seem to start turning somewhat annoying. The quality on the videos (sound especially) is often a bit on the poor side.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was nothing in the course that I didn't already know, but I'm no longer young & I didn't expect there to be. I wasn't wild about sitting through lectures about being active while pregnant or making sure my kids exercise. For me, that's a waste of time. I know what I need to be doing & I was hoping the course would inspire me to do it. Unfortunately, it did not. I got tired of hearing about walking or bicycling to work as the main way to get active. I am now retired, but even when I worked that was never an option.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is clickbait for the purpose of soliciting information about the private life of participants. It barely contains any facts, and it contains in total zero references to studies that facts are taken from. This shouldn't be on Coursera, and an organization making a course like this shouldn't be allowed to call itself a university.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Never received a certificate or a grade. No one responds to email. I will never purchase anything through Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I should have never paid for this course. By the time I got into the subject the refund policy was expired. Do not take pay for this course or program at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Needs to be more concise.Nick seems very passionate and trying to reach a broad audience, but overly explaining topics is creating "lecture fatigue" for me. For instance, every video starts with "welcome back... this is why people like this... [meat of the video]... this is what we just talked about.... see you next time". I really just need the [meat of the video] part. These videos are 5-10 minutes long each. They are very short and therefore I do not need an introduction/closeout for each individual one. The Module Overview and Module Recap videos are sufficient to serve that purpose.Overall, I learned the basics and will probably take the next GIS course because I like the Coursera framework, but I think this particular course could be much more condensed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course has a lot of value, but when I started these course I was unaware I would need a few hundred more dollars and did not budget for such things.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Having to pay before you take the course is really disappointing. Not many students to interact with because of this. Course was very basic also. Not worth the money. Coursera offers many quality courses which are much better than this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Informative but did not really feel like it was of any use.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very difficult to follow the lectures due to the heavy accentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course started a month late, when it finally started it was boring. I can' believe i paid for the certificate. Despite paying for it i'm not going to bother completing it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it was ok but 5araThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many bugs with Coursera. Issues occur with submissions. System indicates submissions were successfully submitted. Then when you log back in it indicates your assignment is over due. Now I can'tThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first few weeks are truly beginner/intro course stuff and the entire course is well taught. However, weeks 4-7 ramp up at far too fast of a pace. I spent 8-10 hours every week trying to keep up and it just moved too fast. The instructor was doing things at breakneck speed with little explanation. It gets very discouraging by the end because you simply can't play the material. I think this course is really for people who are re-learning guitar or already have musical backgrounds.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While it is a great course for all beginners to the Guitar, the only problem that I see is the grading system that is absolute loony. It is left to other students to grade it and that may or may not show up to be graded by other students. If it is not shown up to be graded by other students then you are left grade-less for that assignment hence leaving you unable to complete this course and you cannot receive your certificate or completion letter.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was looking for a course for a basic learner, this is not. I feel it very complicate and not friendly for a person with 0% guitar skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seems more like a weekend lesson than a well prepared course, I mean, it looks that it had little preparation and too much improvisation, therefore, it should be a FREE (ar at least cheaper) certificate due the quite poor planning and execution.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The studiant do himself the teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
just started so tryen to get a hang of it ill rate better later if i like it but my minds tellen me that im going to be rating you guys 5 stars later in the futerThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course starts off interesting and then just gets absurd. A huge chunk of the genetic part has activities where you have to translate large genetic sequences by hand. If you don't have access to a printer, trying to break up genetic codes into 3-letter codons and translating them is an exercise in frustration. Plus the sequences are not even easily formatted for printing as they are all images so you can't even just copy them into an editor and break up the sequences.This was only the second course I dropped on Cousera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very unclear in the way it was presented and the subject that are being talked about and not very interesting, partly because it was to easy for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Half of the links to external readings and videos did not work, which is the reason I did not complete the course. It made taking the quizzes fairly impossible unless I wanted to spend my time googling the answers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is fun, but the instructor or course admins need to put more videos, contents and information to the course than just a few videos, few topics per week like this. The Global Diplomacy course should provide clearer and deeper about diplomacy than to pose what is diplomacy or what the diplomats do in their very actions of daily routines.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little content on offer other than some short clips and mildly interesting readings. The vast majority of the course is dedicated to short writing tasks that are supposed to get you engaged (i.e. discussing) diplomacy, but the practical effect is at best busy work with little new knowledge or insights gained. Extremely disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have completed two other Coursera courses for certificates, where I learned much more. The quantity and quality of the content - both video's and reading materials - is significantly lower than that of the other courses, where I really had to take notes and read much more. The assignments are way to general and do not require much preparation, which hardly makes them serious learning exercises. Frankly, I could have done some interviews and research online and make a a course like this myself...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as advanced as other Coursera courses, this course if for participants who do not have any background in international relations and diplomacy. Wish they would have made it more advanced.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many speakers. Not very well-coordinated or organized. Very wordy and diffuse. Where is the gist of what they are saying in so many words?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures were not very interesting or instructive. The reading materials were much more so. However, the assignments in the class were based much more on the lectures and on self-reflection than on the materials. I learned a little bit, and as such found the course worth the time I put into it, but I almost think one could get through this course with little difficulty without reading any of the written materials, and thus derive very little benefit from it. I would encourage the makers of this course to do a significant revamping.(In addition to greater incorporation and emphasis on the written materials, I think more real-life examples of diplomatic successes and failures would be a far more effective and entertaining use of the lecture time than the esoteric philosophising that seems to characterize it in this edition.)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very general ideas about diplomacy but nothing concreteThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dislike the way the grade is settled. Because of the difficulty and technicality of the course, passing grade should be 7 out of 9, instead of 8 out of 9. We are not PhD's, but student learners.......The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bias towards the American healthcare system and deathly boring. Only take this course you have to.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are some website errors. Also I think the videos could be betterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The algorithms presented in this course are interesting. However, the quizzes contain some questions that have no apparent relation to the content of the lectures, and some questions about details of the presented algorithms which are explained in neither the lectures, nor in the papers from which the lectures are derived. Also, most of the sample implementations will not run on a modern computer. They only work on Windows with Java 6 installed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures were good but when it came to quizzes and assignments, we do not know what to do? The questions were very complicated and not stated in the LecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
THE COURSE LACKS SUBSTANCE AND THE QUALITY OF A DANISH CENTER FOR HIGHER EDUCATIONThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class setting is interesting. You cannot participate in assignments and quizzes unless pay for certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All the guests were women. Imagen if all the guests had been men!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is about nothing, it is poor illustrated and uninformative. The lecturer's manner is annoThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
OK, you can learn a few things getting into this course and it's still available for free on the platform so thanks for that!However and most of all, you can sense that this is more of an advertising campaign for AXA IM than an investment course per se... During the 4 modules, you're basically repeated over and over again that Active Management (ie. Investment Managers) tend to overperform and that you should have one manager.There's even the overall 1st part of Module 4 that is dedicated on how to select a manager...There are some great insight related to portfolio allocation but not much explanations. A major point that I would have liked to hear about is how to come up with the risk aversion criteria... Many parts of the course relate to external videos available on Youtube.If you're going to advertise on such a platform as Coursera please don't make it too much about the advertising and more about learning... (for example: Melbourne University Specialization).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos did cover the basic theories behind all the methods for portfolio management however they were just basic theories with no explanation on how to practically implement them and then asking us who only understand the theories from the videos to suddenly try to solve the calculation quizzes especially those excel calculations without any practice on how to implement them beforehand. Besides the videos only showed the formulas with no example at all! Very disappointed with the course... This course is not recommended for those who have zero or little experience in the field..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am not connecting to the instructor at all. The material is well managed and organized but I am not able to really hear or understand. Further, my connection to the site is disturbing. In this and a couple of other courses, the video lectures jump around and begin in the middle of the lecture. Between these two issues, I am not having a good experience with this course. I live in the US and have graduate degrees in public health .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not free. They just sell the certificates. There is not any free statement about accomplishment of the course, so nobody will knows that you have completed it. In the future you have not got anything to show in your CV.I want my Statement of Accomplishment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very superficial teachings. This course seems aimed at non legal students, considering the very rare references to the legal instruments' articles. For the price paid, I could have found most information on Wikipedia... Furthermore, the staff isn't responding AT ALL to the —many—requests of the students regarding errors in the questionaries, deadline explanations, etc. Even worse, the subtitles to the videos are full of small typos and wrong transcriptions, sometimes changing the meaning of a sentence, thereby confusing the audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some good content. However, text has numerous spelling mistakes and there is no involvement by academic staff. Nor can one see one's answers to quizzes once done., nor standard answers provided. As with so many Coursera MOOC's, little involvement by fellow students in discussion fora. No certificate on completion, which is a pity because the cost of a purchased one is somewhat prohibitive for third world students with our exchange rates.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lecture quality is not as good as other sessions of the course. Plus the grading system is not upto the mark. People evaluating others performances, themselves don't know how they are suppose to evaluate. Grading must be done by Professor. All other ISB modules are far better on Course ERA, except this one. No offence, but it's true.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Do not recommend. Chaotic and full of irrelevant (IMO) information. Does it really matter in which year some paper was written? Or from which latin word the term 'interest rate' derives?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Neo-liberal and neo-con presentation of the matter that has little to do with how the real world works, or should work, had we had a fair play field. Would not expect anything else from the neo-liberal flagman, Yale. Pretty much expected it would be the case, but just wanted to give it a try.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am disappointed about this course. I was expecting to learn more in this subject as described on the course info. However, the quality of the lectures is not good at all. I haven't found any lecture that present the knowledge as the Ivy league University as Yale. I felt sorry for the students who actually attained this class at Yale campus. The professor was not prepare for the lectures and confused/forgot sometime. I was hoping that the Nobel prize winner would teach something that complicated in the simple way. The questions in the exam ask mostly about year, person, numbers which is not the good exam per my perspective. If you want the have the certificate from Yale, you can take this course. BUT if you want to learn about Financial Markets, I would not recommend this course. I'm so sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course seems more like a cut-and-paste version of Prof. Shiller's "Financial Markets" course from Yale Open Courses than a proper Coursera MOOC. While the course's content is interesting and benefits a lot from Prof. Shiller's extensive scholarship and insight, it could be improved along several ways:(i) downloadable slides giving a comprehensive overview over Prof. Shiller's key points and power point slides;(ii) a split screen with Prof. Shiller on the right and the slide on the left side (like in Metrick and Geithner's "Global Financial Crisis" MOOC);(iii) clearer presentation and explanation, especially concerning Mr. Redleaf, but also for Prof. Shiller (he rambles quite a bit).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible course: (i) the lecturer seems to be "all over the place", briefly touching on several aspects of finance in a superficial way, without much coherence with respect to each week's theme; (ii) the lecturer speaks in a very confusing way, without formulating clear sentences and often divagating from the main topic with minor details that are neither necessarily relevant, nor properly explained; (iii) the few formulas that the lecturer presents are treated as if they have fallen from the sky en bloc, without explaining bit by bit how they are obtained; (iv) the main points of each lecture are not stressed sufficiently enough, leaving one to wonder what the take-home messages are at the end of each lecture.I give the course one star due to the appreciated emphasis that the lecturer places on unorthodox economic approaches, such as behavioural economics, and on the important issue of finance democratisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Missing substantial amount of information and lectureThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures' videos are available intergrally on youtube, whereas on Coursera there are some parts that are missing. The students' answer on the blog are not answered from Coursera staffThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad course, a lot of talking but no explainantion. Non of the math is explained. and that is themajurity of the questions that come back in the testsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very scattered and long lessons. Very difficult to learn something that is not "textual". Examination is based on literal terms (e.g: what year was XX reform enacted"). Not the type of knowledge I thought I would getThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have a hard time focusing on what he is trying to say. He seems all over the place and doesn't seem to follow a path that I can understand. I'm sure live it's different but when you're taking it online and parts areThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not quite what I was expecting from a leading economist at Yale.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No systematic presentation of concepts. Very hard to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good lectures, but no exercises or assignments. Leaves a flat and unrealistic image of the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course contents are covered too briefly to learn anything useful. Too much breadth and insufficient depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the wieos are not targeting online students. The videos are long but not teaching many things. The course is too gneral.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Waste of money. What I learned in the first course could is useless information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was incredibly excited to start this course. The outline looks amazing. For learning mediums like this, you have to start strong. Keep up the great work, you all look like you know what you're doing. You should certainly put some polish on all these videos. It's near impossible to follow along. I'd be curious in seeing the data on how many of your students finish this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring, most of them are history. Don't worth it ! 1 week into the course, very boring. Not technical enough. The test basically asked people to remember things that are not useful !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You should rename it to 90s style history of comunication from Bell to nowdays with useless facts about it.I watched almost all first block but then I understood that I learnt nothing than I tried the IoT block, but it still wordy and superficial. Use more media to show your main ideas, take a class of public speaking and stop shaking a remote all the time you dont even use it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing to do with IoT, misleading title and waste of time, apart from several incorrections in the novel narration.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a 10 page reading could have make it. not enough material to be consider a courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very confused. So there is little point. Only vague news ... nothing substantial!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough conversation on IoT (Just in the last module). Way too much time spent on history that really doesn't matter and on stuff I can find on the net. One Module to run through all of these - Circuit switching and packet switching, computer telephony (SS7) and then wireless would have been enough. The remaining modules should have gone into the concepts of IoT in greater detail and some high level technical info that someone who is just hearing about it can speak intelligently on it without having to develop my own dragon board (next course)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is good but for an introduction its too long.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course advertised incorrectly. This course is more on the electronics and embedded systems end of IoT, as opposed to a high-level perspective.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Story telling module, not really useful for IOT purpose.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The presenter are very annoying and i did not learn anything from this...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Big part of the course videos devoted to history of how the technology was developed, not much technical information about the technology itself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very old technique of teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
bad explanation and poor introductionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic and not thorough enough. The assignments are too easy also because of over specific assignments instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very hard for beginners, very boring for others. also missleading conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm pretty much always turned off when a course won't let those who are auditing the course (i.e. not paying) take the assessments. I'm dropping out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wouldn't never recommend this course. The teacher gives you all inforation without normal explan. You have chanse to understand HTML and CSS, but Js . JS leguage need more deteils, exemples and explaining, who I didn't find in this course. The first course is a basis for late courses and so weak teacher. I took the next series of course coz I saw that there are other tacherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is way too basic, so basic it doesn't even cover some of the essential basics, like explaining what the Box Model is in CSS. The only reason I gave 2 stars is because you can still learn SOMETHING with it if you are a complete newbie, but it is very far to be reliable if you are aiming to be a professional. There is a long road to go after you finish this course, which makes me think the certificate is almost pointless and worthless.It also uses things that are generally considered a bad practice (like using DOM event attributes in the HTML). It is okay to present that to the students, but you should also mention that while they are there, it is usually not recommended to use them and explain what would be the recommended practice.I have taken courses from other sites like Codeschools, Codecademy and Treehouse and left Coursera for later because I believed that getting a certificate would require me to have some expertise, but so far I feel kind of disappointed with the Full Stack package.I am hoping it will get better with the next modules.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
We are given inadequate information in the videos, and no other resources, to write a program. Required to use methods not covered in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Did not email when graded and had to email for everything to be fixed. Example projects were not similar at all to actual projects and relied heavily on search engines to figure out what was asked of meThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unnecessary course for this kind of specialization...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Gives you needed basics on HTML, CSS and JavaScript for the rest of the specialisation. However, could definitely expand the JS aspects a lot more. Explaining the type system, the prototype chain concepts, making us aware of what the language can and can not do. 1 to 2 more weeks would have been expected from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is two hard for beginners, or the lectures should be more detailed because assignments are hard. And on the another hand there are two much information and lectures for one week. It should be less lectures and information for one week. In this way it has two much load for person who works. It should be stretched trough more then 3 week for example 6 weeks with less lecturers with assignments that are graduly get difficult. Because first assignment is to big jump.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy with the quality of the material. Dropped the whole specialization halfway through this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Take this course if you want to get depressed out of ever learning any programming.The structure is this:-tons of info about stuff with unclear application-tons of info about stuff with unclear application-tons of info about stuff with unclear application-a gigantic task where you don't actually use half of the material from before, but instead need to use some material from the future module or from just googling things.You never get to understand why what you wrote didn't work and why it should be the way your classmate wrote it.The course makers don't seem to be interested in your feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class does not go in depth enough for debutant people to figure out how to do the assessments or gain a good understanding of what is covered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic and not especially much fun or challengingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A good course, the methods and pace was not good enough. I wonder if those new to these topics learnt anythingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos just gloss over the materials.... No comprehensive lecture notes or standard textbook and lessons are too squeezed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course and specialization looks promising but I get the feeling that the instructors have been a little lazy while designing the assignments. Instead of auto-grading using well known testing frameworks (like other Coursera courses), the entire grading policy is based on reviews from fellow students which makes your grade subjective, secondly, since the number of mandatory required reviews for each student is fixed at 5 (and is not adjusted with the number of students), it is highly unlikely that all submissions will be reviewed or graded.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hastily put together. Quickly steps over lots of material, some of it is out of order. There is an entire video in week three, that covers material needed to complete the assignment the week before, for example.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it's useless. Spending that amount of time explaining this basics it is not worth it. I'd rather go deeper in AngularJS, NodeJS or Ionic, after all this is a course for a mid level, so you should go to another course to take the basics and here a more advanced level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1. We didn't have any feedback.2. I couldn't review my partners because there isn't projects to review.3. Teacher never answer forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Originally, I rated this course 3-stars. However, I have since decided it is worth 1-star after taking the next course in the series, Bootstrap. I thought that there wasn't enough time to cover all the material to make this course good. After taking the next course, I see that it is possible to deliver a lot of material and concepts in short order. However, it takes thinking, planning, and dedication. I think this course is TERRIBLE and seriously needs an overhaul. After taking this course, you barely know any CSS and despite passing assignments that don't challenge, you're probably worse off than a student who fails in school.The course suffers from the extremely short timeframe. Covering one of each of the three core topics a week is just insufficient to provide any sort of depth to this course. While there are supplementary readings, Coursera and the participating institutions need to understand that there are those who are taking courses to get more than a one page Wiki style coverage of a topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not see review by teachers.I had biggest expectatives. Very disappointed.Some reviewers don't see beyond the format.The system has glitches. Still appear messages that were reviewed and sent.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cyber security is hardly covered in course. IoT as well is supporting product marketing. Coursera s losing it's quality..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a great course if you have literally no idea what the 'Internet of Things' is, and if you find using a smartphone challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little real content or information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class (the fourth in the specialization) required a different version of Unity 3D in order to complete (compared to the first course in the specialization). Using a borrowed laptop, I was not permitted to upgrade to a new version by laptop owner. Signing up for the 5-course specialization and paying in advance was a ripoff since the software requirements changed in between course 3 and 4. Coursera gives no refunds for a 5-course specialization if you have completed the first course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry but although I found the topic of interest I found the delivery very dull. Yes, Prof Covach knows his stuff but basically what we got here was little more than a reading of text from his book. I know he explained why the actual music was not included but think he could have done more to provide links and stimulate listening. I eventually just started reading the transcribed text of the lectures as I did not find looking at Prof Covach's talking head at all stimulating. Prof Covach did nothing to stimulate discussion in the forums and although I posted a few things there was very little going on in the forums. I bought the book on the basis of being interested in the topic but it is not at all necessary for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No use for me. No music examples because copyrights did not allow, so the course is pretty boring.Sorry, not for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is not excellent, the trainer is just reading a text while slides are passing trough the screen, no examples, no analogies, no explanation whatsoever, I wouldn't call that a training. I'm quite disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course and material does not articulate the 'Google Cloud Platform' offerings. Maybe Google does not want to compete with Microsoft Azure and AWS alike. If Google itself has approved this 'Google Cloud Platform' trainings on Coursera then vola I am out. I am way better off supporting AWS and Azure (at least they have tons of good trainings and stuff to keep folks in the field excited).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much marketing BS, practically zero valuable information, 5 minute videos (targeted at tinder audience probably?)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Questions are really stupid and predefined answers very unclear.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor was terrible. Very dullThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Drink everytime the lecturer said "Google" without reason. You won't make it 5 minutes.The content of the lecture can be shorter, too much commercials in the lecture. The questions don't echo what was in the lecture (vs AWS for example).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is good, but the pace is too slow. Additionally the way the content is presented is very flat. I'd prefer a bit more passion and enthusiasm. All in all a decent course, but nothing that couldn't have been learnt just by browsing and playing around with GCP trial.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures are very monotonous-sounding. It would be better to make them sound more conversational (with pauses, questions etc.). Granted it cannot be interactive since it’s not a live classroom, but it can be made to somewhat sound like an interactive session...Some slides are too verbal. It would be better to have multiple small demos in a module for different slides/topics instead of just monotonically reading out the slides and then having one demo at the end.Too many lab issues. No one responded or addressed them. In a class with such a short span (1 week), it’s very important that everything works and any questions/concerns are immediately addressed/resolved.Please consider making the lab instructions available for download (say, as PDF files). This will be helpful for any later reference.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Headed downhill. Lessons are starting to feel like not enough time was put into preperation... or like this course was assigned as a project to some students so the professor could make a dollar (like textbooks). One of the instructors even said at one point they didn't have enough time. What does that even mean in an online course. You could be fixing it right now and improving the course. This whole thing is being handled like a college course and that is crazy. On-line courses can undergo continual improvement. The college course paradigm is dying because we can do it better now. Fail.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too basic. Probably only suitable for absolute beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you do not already know java (or at least have some experience with it) I would NOT recommend this class. They say all you need to have is very basic computer knowledge (sending emails, opening a browser), but the lectures are taught using acronyms and terms that are not at the beginner level. Even the basic concepts are explained using advanced terms or examples that contain code far beyond a beginners level.They also do not really spend any time going over the programming basics. They discuss them a bit, but they never really give you a bigger picture or really how all the concepts you've learned fit together. There is no real consistency throughout the course, it just seems like they are throwing random concepts at you and hoping you understand. Then they throw you an assignment that requires you to do rather complicated coding (for a true beginner) without any other form of practice before hand.The assignments are also a bit of a mess. All you are really doing is 'filling in the blank'. They give you all this code that has already been written without actually tell you how do to that yourself or what a vast majority of it does and you have to fill in code in a couple places to make it work. But since everything else is written, you can not run the code as you write it to check your work. It will fail because the code is looking for things you haven't written yet. You must write the entire assignment before you can see if the first line of code you wrote works. I find this to be a very poor teaching method. You should be able to check your work as you go, or experiment with different ways of writing things. Instead you are forced to write exactly what they expect.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Should just be called 'Introduction of Java for absolute beginners'. I don't recall anything '...for Android' about the coding.Some of the lecturers are so bad at speaking that it's painful to listen to. I really expected better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As other reviewers have noted, this course is NOT for beginning programmers! (Unless maybe you are a mathematical genius with total recall.)I have a little background in programming, HTML and CSS, but I found this course to be an absolute nightmare. It would be interesting to find out if any of the rave reviews came from real beginners.Most of the problems have already been noted by other reviews, so I will only mention a few that I did not see mentioned.The course requirements should include hardware and software essentials. In particular, the student has no choice but to use Android Studio. If their system is not running a 64bit OS at 2.4 GHz with at least 8 GB of RAM, it can literally take DAYS for Studio to complete the build so that the student can do anything with assignment code.There is a desperate need for a glossary. The course dives in with more acronyms than the military, and assumes the attmpting learner already has a handle on APIs, SDKs, etc., not to mention many other technical terms (interfaces, ...). If I asked the average programmer to evaluate the MT based on comparisons with the Complutensian Polyglot and Codex Alexandricus, the effect would probably be about the same.Another glaring omission for beginners is a battery of exercises for each concept/skill.As for "We've organized all these topics into units that represent roughly 4-6 hours of work each," that is absurd! If you multiplied that by 10, it would still be a stretch.I have no doubt about the programming and technical competence of the instructors (though there are some errors in a number of the instructions). And I'm sure they are very nice people who really want others to learn. The root problem seems to be what professional communicators call "The Curse of Knowledge" -- a syndrome in which a person is so familiar with their subject that they cannot begin to imagine what it is like for someone who is not.My recommendation to a beginner is to look somewhere else. Take a good introductory course in Java before diving into the vastly more complex world of the Android environment. I am not qualified to evaluate the course from the perspective of an experienced programmer, but I have noted that they are frustrated by clutter caused by token attempts to make this a beginner course.My recommendation to the faculty is to completely re-engineer this whole specialization. They should have a separate set of courses truly designed for beginners, and they should get help from qualified instructional designers who specialize in online adult education. (Might not be a bad idea to get the VU English department to review the lecture text as well.)My recommendation to anyone is to never believe anything Coursera tells you about a course. Audit the course BEFORE you pay any money! This is especially important if the course has not actually started. This course started two months late, and I could not get a refund before the course even got under way!After taking nearly 6 months to wade through a little over half the course requirements, I decided to look at the rest of the assignments and project. This removed all doubt that to continue was a hopeless waste of time. So, I decided to end the nightmare, and I'm glad it's over!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very bad communication from the teachers. The 2nd MOOC was supposed to start I think 2.5 months ago, it did not start at the time of this review.They did not even bother to post some announcement to let the students know : ok course starts in x months.Making things worse, you cannot get a refund if you purchased the entire thing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course wasn't well suited to me, being a person with a programming background. It was too introductory. But that doesn't say anything against the course. The reason I don't rate the course highly is that it just wasn't that coherent. I would have preferred to have a single, consistently good instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First time I gave 1 star. Reason, lecturers are terrible. This deserves a report, if there was adequate reporting system on Coursera. I had a feeling like I was watching professors from school for disabled, and not an university. . . Course material is actually decent, but extremely badly presented. Sadly, I enrolled into second course as well, and hoping that one will be better, so I wont have to go through refund hell.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is told that to take this course, basic computer skills like sending emails and downloading files are necessary-this is a beginning level course. Then, in the first module, instructors talk about polymorphism, inheritance and abstraction. For someone who have no prior programming experience, these are definitely not suitable topics to start with. Moreover, students are supposed to learn these concepts to get a good grade from first quiz, although they know nothing about programming.I had some programming experience, so I was already familiar with these subjects. But the lectures were too boring to keep watching. I watched like 10 videos and learned nothing about the course subject. I think I won't be spending my time for this course, which seems to me like reading some reference files.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basing on the first videos, I would not recommend this course to anyone believing that "You are expected have basic computer literacy skills, such as knowing how to send & receive emails and browse the web".The lector is robotic, the slides look outdated, listener is bored after 10 min of watching. I definitely WOULD NOT pay for this course.I will change the rate after I watch more videos, but this course is a big no-no for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course doesn't allow access to the quizzes unless you pay for it. I consider this to be contradictory with the statement that the free version of the course gives you access to all the material. Also, not being able to take the quizzes makes the course meaningless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel this course was severely misrepresented. This clearly not a beginner level class by any measurement. And the "4-6 hours" of expected student involvement is ridiculous. A beginner (NO programming experience) should expect to spend 15 to 20 hours on the first week alone and at least 10 hours for each of the remaining weeks.I have over 25 years of programming experience in Assembly language, Visual Basic, C and C++. I am clearly NOT at the beginner level yet I spent more than 11 hours on the first week, mostly due to trying to download and setup properly for the course. Also, there are over 3 hours of videos in the 1st week plus 3 quizzes and a programming assignment. If anyone spent less than 6 hours on week 1, then that was NOT the first time they took this class.I also am keenly disappointed in the restrictive nature of the assignments/quizzes. Having to type "-1*1+11" instead of "-i+11" (and you better not have any leading or lagging spaces!!) for instance.Bottom line, I would not recommend this course for anyone wanting to Learn Java for Android Programming unless you already know Java and just want some intro on Android development with Android Studio. And if you are indeed at the beginner level, do yourself a favor and start with introductory courses in Computer Science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am relatively experienced programmer trying to just understand the Android app development framework and solve some interesting challenges along the way. I feel the course, was very painstaking in terms of code reviewing other people's work.If I were to break up the time I spent doing the course work, it would be as follows:30 % useful work70 % taking care of course logistics (code review, writing comments on every line of code just so that people being asked to review my work are happy). Why do we have to do so many code reviews? Not every assignment requires people's coding style to be evaluated. It places an unnecessary time burden on people who are taking this course not as full time student. Its also reducing the total amount of knowledge that is being disseminated. We should be learning about Android for 4 more hours rather than reviewing code for other people for 4 more hours.The thing I found most frustrating is that the assignments are trying to force a particular coding style on everyone. Since I am an experienced programmer, I understand the importance of coding style, creating functions and all that. However, how I structure my code and how many comments I write are entirely my choice.Now, while I understand that the course material itself does not ask you to structure code one way or another; the review guidelines that are being given to some very inexperienced programmers, makes them believe that this is the only way things should be done. Its a subtle form of style enforcement which I did not appreciate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i gave this course 1 star not because its bad in content, its just because i was expecting more due to the fact it has been delayed several times; then when it finally came it was like any other youtube or online tutorial. i was expecting something as big as udacity but unfortunately its not. Don't expect to know or understand java with this course, no practical or step by step example in this course. what makes it worst is the fact they never show you how to build an app from scratch while the only app they have in this course, they dont do it. you have to do it on your own.dont get me wrong. all of them are good instructors but the way they did it, its definitely is not a beginner friendly. give a calculator as an assignment to build while you never built one app in this course, i think its not an effective way to teach. i will not pay for this specialization. i will do the udacity nanodegree oneThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Assignment questions are unclear due to which a lot of time has to be invested.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a choice in assignments, you can do them either written or video. However the evaluation highly favors videos and it is not possible to pass te course without doing them. Course staff do not respond to this issue... Not very motivating...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seemed to me like an ad or Präsentation for this high school. It had some interesting thoughts in it, but not much information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course and material does not articulate the 'Google Cloud Platform' offerings. Maybe Google does not want to compete with Microsoft Azure and AWS alike. If Google itself has approved this 'Google Cloud Platform' trainings on Coursera then vola I am out. I am way better off supporting AWS and Azure (at least they have tons of good trainings and stuff to keep folks in the field excited).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All of the course material and talk is available on Google documentation, didn't get to learn anything otherwise. Zero experience talk, no real scenario's/examples. Not worthy at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
tutor is Russian i guess her accent is not quite understandableThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bloody coursei am very much angry with this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interactivity with JavaScript was too quick and short. JavaScript by nature is much more complicated than HTML5 and CSS3, and therefore I believe that it should be done in a bit more than 4 weeks, and broken down in to smaller bits of the basic info required to get a grasp on the materials. For example, the first assignment had too much in it for a beginner, and a bit more homework, in smaller bits of the code prior to the assignment could have make a huge difference for the better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately it's very poor material and lecturer is not expirienced yet enough :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was very hard for me to learn I am not good at javascriptThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please, change this course completely! Sure you need at least 5x more time to do a good course. The course is very fast and the lessons are not enoght to teach in a good way. bad bad course....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seemed to move way to quickly without a good explanation of how to use the script. I learned a lot in HTML and CSS under this proff but not a lot from this course. I continue to review it and look up other resources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not for beginners unless ready to spend lots of extra hours watching the videos several times and surfing on the web to get additional informationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thing this course should have one or two more modules. It's definitely to short to grasp the basics of JavaScript. For complete beginners it should start with a module about Foundations of Programming and after explain in depth what is a method, a property, an event, a calculation, a variable, an object, etc.... After I finished all the modules of this course, always coding along the lectures and having done all the assignments to practice and having read the extra material, by the end of this course I didn't had a solid foundation about how to program in JavaScript. So, if you enrolled the Web Design Specialization, after the HTML & CSS's courses you will have solid foundation about those languages, you will also grasp the basics of Responsive Design course but you will have to do other JavaScript courses to became a Junior Front-End Developer in the "real life".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as detailed as I would have liked. However, I did indeed learn a few things. In this case, it may have been because I'm a professional developer, just not a web developer. I sort of wanted more, but perhaps it's inappropriate for me to ask. Nevertheless, I do feel the course was rather week overall.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No material to read, Javascript is way more than just 10 hours. even for a jump start.this course needs more material and more practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't give more for this course 2/5The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very limited content. Not possible to complete the projects at the end. -(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am disappointed with the course because of its only focus on Apple TV and smartwatch apps. The course structure is a bit messy and the content is quite technical. Don't call it "App Design" since it's more App Development!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dislike whole specialization.Because videos are waste of time. They are teaching little things with long videos. Also I don't easily understand the accent of the speaker.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad content and instructor. no logistic in place. if you are planning to pay to get certificate. I would suggest look else where. my $279 are stuck in here and they don't reply to forum posts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is very poorly explained. Pre-coded stuff isn't good either, as it's very hard to comprehend, even with the professor's explanations, which also don't seem to be aimed at beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course had too much content in one-run and some of the topic-assignments had too much confusing questions and answers which were hard to figure out made this course a bit a bad experience. The same goes for the end-assignment project where much functionality was required within a short time -- and the course was delayed so many of the students could not fit it into their schedule.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The entire course lacks a "flow". It looks like concepts that are taught are picked at random and stuffed into the course. The quizzes really do not complement the material taught. The instructor wants the students to focus on specific wordings of his lecture rather than the concepts, in order to pass the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Materials and topics were good, but the course lacks in two things. They stress more on math and theory. I would suggest additional videos explaining the implementation in matlab would be helpful and would throw more insight to the maths. Second there is no programming assignments, so its a little easy kind of. If the instructor or the TA would help out in giving the assignments and implementation in matlab, then it will be one of the ever-lasting coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't reach the course contents because of new deadline that Coursera has inventedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Confusing assignment instructions were frustrating. The lack of response to questions was disappointing and stressful. I took the HCI course in 2014 that was precursor to this certificate program and it had a better flow and more organized.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If your goal is to just get a certificate to put on your resume, this specialization will check the box. The assignments are poorly thought out, overly rigid for requiring very specific methods and mediums, and the peer review system is kind of a joke. If you're sincerely interested in learning IXD and creating a high quality portfolio piece, this course is moderately helpful toward that end, but you'll need to supplement it with lots of outside reading and in person coursework to really get where you want to be. If you're weighing whether to attend an in-person course or program or go with this specialization to save some $, just know that you'll get what you pay for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
chaotic organization, unclear instructions, and confusing due dates; I would not recommend such specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Never before have I had to create so many fake accounts, nor write so many long and laborious manuscripts to be able to complete the assignments. There were also so many problems with this last and final Capstone project - delay in start date, plague of technical issues from Coursera, lack of support from teaching staff (and Coursera) when issues were experienced, and instructions that were not clear enough at times. I'm very much glad to be done, and congratulations to all of you who made it through this last and arduous process. Job well done!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was delivered 6-months behind schedule and the assignments half-way through the course can't even be completed due to technical problems and sloppy content. When students try to seek support to fix the issues, nothing is done and they receive no response. The specialization started so well, but the care that was taken to craft the specialization course content in the beginning has been lost in the later courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos were very tedious and convoluted, in addition to being outdated. Almost all of the methods were deprecated by the time I was taking this course. I wouldn't recommend this course at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE - THE guy who reads (not teaches) the course, Justin-Nicholas Toytama is horrendous. He's too lazy to even type out the codes and has the world's most monotonous voice.He pauses often to read this notes and has 0 enthusiasm teaching this class. If this class is not part of the certificate specialization, i wouldn't even pay for this course. $64 gets you further with Nick Walter or Rob Percival's Udemy course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 4 was particularly tough to get through. Instructor seem uninterested, and the constant hair flipping was distracting. Videos came through blurry despite using "high quality" settings. There was a lot of code to get through that could have been better organized. On a few occasions, I had to back-track through the videos to find something I missed. And, in one area, instructor had to go back and fix something but didn't bother to provide guidance as to were to go and do this yourself. In the end, I gave up following along with the videos and built the app using my own research.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor voice is too low and intro music is too high.Video quality is bad.Course content is for very beginners people, beginners to programming not only to Swift.Sorry to say it, but this course is really bad. Does not deserve to be in this specialization!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
you can take the assignments only if you payThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very general overview of the topic but lacks depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors were not very engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1- Almost no content , all just general knowledge2- the instructor was very hard to follow, his intonation is totally off and the sentences are broken so you can't connect the thoughts together.3- There was no forum and thus no interaction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course means well, but with very little critical thinking required, it ultimately communicates good intentions over solid content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Actually, I am quite disappointed by this course. The language is so slow that it is terribly difficult to make sense of each sentence.The content barely scratches the surface and there is neither a forum, nor an exchange with other learners. I miss interactivity and I am glad that I decided to preview the course and not pay for it as it definitely is not worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have always loved the Coursera courses that I have taken, but this one is dramatically below the standard. It is lacking in terms of content, pedagogy, and production. I truly hope that this isn't the direction that Coursera is headed in, as this class seems more like a cheap self-help seminar than an academic course of study.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too theorical and bold courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt that the delivery was not effective. The pacing and tone of the speech was challenging for me to listen to. There were unnatural pauses within sentences, causing the lectures to drag out longer than necessary and it was difficult to connect the thoughts of a sentence together because of the unnatural pauses. The result of this was that it it required an inordinate amount of effort to understand each sentence and to put together the sentences into meaning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too easy, little content, can pass course easily without watching any of the videosThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really did want to take this course in a specialization mode. However I sampled some of the course videos in the different courses making this specialization and decided against it.In the course videos we see no teacher or lecturer just pictures of people and power-point slides with a flat voice in the background reading the slides. In my opinion this does very little in making this topic interesting as it comes out flat and more work should have been put into making of this MOOC considering one has to pay for the specialization. There were also no discussion forums of any kind available. More work should be put into the making of the lecture videos by the school to give it a realistic classroom experience.Unfortunately I dropped out of the MOOC because of the poor quality done by the school despite it being a topic of interest for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was difficult to follow and the free trials offered seemed forced upon us. Lexalytics isn't available for a Mac, so I couldn't even use it. I think this portion of the specialization would be much better if it focused more on the value of these tools rather than trying to get us to install them. It might be useful for some (especially those in B2C or willing to play around with the tech), but it was a waste of time for me. I would have preferred to just take a look at some proven case studies linked to the tools.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am a bit frustrated, as the course is built around this amazing tool: IBM Bluemix, that gave us high hopes of extracting super useful information, but it is impossible to use. The instructions seem outdated and not relevant to the actual tool, there are lots of different sets that make it even more confusing and even after getting round a lot of the technical difficulties, the tool doesn't seem to be very useful... :( I feel like I wasted a lot of time trying to get this to work, with no results so far.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Aside from week 4, I found this course to be little more than a commercial for various social analytics programs. Also, there's a Google+ assignment. Google+ wasn't relevant five years ago, let alone in 2016. There's some potential in this course but it desperately needs to be updated for 2017. This course may be helpful to people just starting out as social media professionals but if you're already working in this field, you will find this course incredibly dull.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has some great information and guidance for delving into the social media landscape. However, the tools that come with the paid version are not easy to use or well explained for the lay person.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Using MOOC 2, I was really hoping we would go more in depth on (free) tools like Google Analytics. I would have liked information on how to better utilize the information I get from Twitter, Pinterest, and Facebook's built in analytics tools as well. I know I'm under-utilizing them at present, and there's good stuff there.In spite of claims to the contrary, the Lexalytics and IBM Bluemix videos did feel like extended infomercials. Moreover, I work for a small non-profit, and we have neither the funds or bandwidth to utilize programs like this. I think the time could have been better used doing a deeper dive with Klout and SocialMention. I'm working on the assignment now and feel like we barely scraped the surface with both of these programs.There are just too many tools being introduced in this MOOC, and not enough practical learning. Tools are fantastic, but it's important to be utilizing them properly, otherwise I end up feeling like I'm wasting time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
He teaches even worse then me. This course has no practical example. It's just introduction(from start to end).When I enrolled in this course I was expecting that at the end of this course I will be able to develop an app or anything like that. But know I think that I have just wasted my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the best one on coursera. Included many details that are not really relevant and quizes just checked if you memorized it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been better!! Should explain, not just read out the presentation. Anyone can do that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No need for videos if all the teacher does is reading his slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been presented in a better way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Prof is simply reading from slides. No value-addedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a 2 week course that's not particularly difficult or creative with the assessments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really wouldn't call this a course, just an overview of VR & AR technologies and really general principle of work for AR. It took be less than an hour to watch everything and pass the tests.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is interesting but the presentation can be improved so that audience will not fall asleep easily.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is one of the few lesser courses I've seen on Coursera, since the course instructor has shown little commitment to course material preparation compared to other course instructors. He reads off the bullet points on the powerpoint slides without any elaboration. This seems to be part of an introductory specialization to emerging technologies. Yet merely stating keywords without explaining them makes the learning process very difficult for learners new to the fields. With the video lecture length totaling at ~1.5 hours, this "course" clearly needs to have more materials. A learner should not be tricked into paying $39 for an 1.5 hour reading of powerpoint slides.I have watched a few video lectures of the other courses in this specialization, and the presentation of material reflects problems aforementioned.Please considerably improve this course or remove this specialization from course catalog. It's not fair for us learners and other course providers who want to revolutionize online learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor .........Never expected this from COURSERA. The person is just reading the slides, there is no learning action taking placeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All the information discussed were already present in the slides. Poor presentation throughout the course. An However, interesting connection between the Internet of Things, and Augmented Reality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very basic overview. Outdated in some way when it comes e.g. on AR feature extraction methodsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So Basic and only useful for common knowledge not something for a specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much expected from this course, but this course is not up to the mark.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is bit disappointing because of the way it has been presented. Ideally the speaker should focus on detailing the points highlighted in the slides but in this course the speaker is just passing on the same information which are there on slides without adding much value. Although i was deeply interested in this subject and would look forward to the revised version of the same.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not that interesting.Many buzz words little knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The proffessor only reads the slides and do nothing more. No technical explanation included, only some keyword provided.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Introduction is fine. But was less interactive. Found instructor reading slides only throughout the lecture which was boring and less interesting. Like other Coursera course i found it boring whatever text on slide i learnt but nothing interactive and practical. Just a slide reading. Very much theoretical. DisappointedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not useful, learned very little from it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Completely not what I've expected, too theoretical without examples and explanations..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor just read the slides (and most of the slide and content are repetitive.) The content of the entire course can be studied in less than 3 hour (so did the other courses of this Specialization.) It's not a good course and I think it's not worth to purchase these classes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This instructor reads of a script! He rushes through the hard things and slows through the easy things!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting information, but the presentation of it is poor. The speaker is almost entirely reading from the Powerpoint presentation you're being shown - they could have let you download that and you wouldn't have missed out on anything, really. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos are poorly edited (too much blank space, the bullet points are not clearly visible, there is no narrative or discursive structure, the diagrams are not clear, and the interviews are raw and unedited). Sessions are too long and include too much irrelevant information. The little useful information there is, is not structured clearly and thus it's harder to learn. The material for the first 3 weeks resemble more to someone talking about "the good ol' days" rather than a properly thought-out history class. I had to leave the course as I found it to be a waste of my time, and I am glad I decided not to pay for a certificate for it. My expectations were a lot higher for a University course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Perhaps it's just that I'm not a part of the target audience of this course, but I am deeply dissatisfied with it. Aside from a couple of rare interviews and old video records [which admittedly were very interesting, though too few], I found nothing of value that cannot be learned by reading Wikipedia or other easily accessible sources. The course is pretty light on technical details and there could [and perhaps should] have been much more beyond-the-scenes content, as well as references to specific documents and events in order to justify this course's existence.In other words, if you are a techie and are indeed interested in this topic, chances are that you already know most of the material taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not like this course. It is a course for those who are already involved into the topic not newbies. Very general short and sloppy explanations and a lot of practical assignments for peer evaluation. I had a lot of experience in classical music but I was puzzled with what goes on in this course. After having completed some other jazz courses I realized that i had no chances to learn anything here since the theory is not explained sufficiently. The title of the course is misleading. It rather should be called a master class on jazz improvisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class covered a good variety of subjects to learn. There are some key areas of improvement:1) You should build more examples in the lectures. The lectures were short to start with, but adding more examples and passages would have helped.2) Xylophone is perhaps the worst instrument to use to teach this course, especially with the camera facing the front of the xylophone. It was very hard to see what notes were being hit by the mallets (especially when using chords) and therefore it was very difficult to understand (visually) what Gary was doing. I suggest using a keyboard and having the camera shooting from the above of the keyboard (look at how several people have done this on YouTube). This way you can see what notes are being hit, held, and you can see them from a pianist's view.The material was good, but because of the two areas above the teaching was not as effective.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the content is very helpful and Gary does his best to make people confident to improvise in Jazz music, this course has imho two major flaws:The biggest one: assignments given and results accepted do not fit together. E.g. in week 1 learners are supposed to describe in their own words how a piece of music does sound like. But the accepted answers are totally different from such a description. Instead only a very detailed and specialized answer is accepted. This leads to studends copying these answers into their assignments without them learning anything.The other flaw is that Gary is very brief in his explanations. Even intermediate musicians seem to struggle with content just because some explanations are not exact or vague.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is really great....However, you can buy the book for $15 and get almost all of the same information — in sum, the class is essentially chapters from the book, the movie and a bunch of links to websites with relevant content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The gobbledygook mooc. Worst bunch of talking a lot and saying nothing I ever encountered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
An interesting documentary but I wouldn't call this a university course. Quite annoying the continuous advertising of the professor's book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seems light on material. Professor misses no opportunity to pitch his book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Between the book plugs,and the seemingly partisan descriptions of later Presidents,the course goes from a factual overview,to a meandering book pitchThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is very little insight in this course. The instructor's slides are very poorly-done, relying on graphs that aren't appropriate for the data being presented and without labeling the axises. There is no engagement in the course forums. The quizzes are trivial to pass.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic. Everything in here can be found online on a blog, youtube video or a book. dont waste your money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor is clearly reading off of cards or a prompter that doesn't face the camera so he's constantly not looking at you which is frustrating. The feeling of each lesson being so scripted takes away from the feeling of a professor teaching material with which he is comfortable. Comparing this to UC San Diego course videos is like night and day and really makes you realize the importance of quality production/natural flow of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quality of the lectures and teaching was the lowest i have ever seen on Coursera. I wanted to do the whole specialty, but after this first one i was so disappointed that i will stop. The assignments were overly complicated and demanding for no real reason. I have used Coursera for years and this is the first time I have wanted a refund.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos are slow and unengaging and way too much text on each slide. A few of the assignments have been weird, not so good brief and hard to find out how to do it correct and well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the course covers pretty good range of topics and gives you a good information. I really liked the peer review assignments and I think they put pressure on you to achieve the goals and learn from them.I definitely did not like the multiple answer questions or the last assessment. The questions are not well presented and there is a clear violation of the help and error recovery heuristic for me. I also did not like the video set-up. The quality of the course material is really poor and disappointing. I would like to believe that on a UI course people would have come up with a better and more intuitive set-up. Finally, I would like to have a document in the course resources that students can download and keep that contains all the information we taught like quick reference guide. Again we can download the videos but when you are looking to fins something specific searching in 2-3 videos is not fun at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course doesn't worth the price. It just split a semester long course into eight chapters.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Any course that requires a webcam is not serious. What a bunch of ridiculous crap. Is this for adults trying to learn or teenage girls trying to chat?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A bit difficult to understand the language for non native speaker. Nearly impossible to complete works.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing but badly put together videos and recommendations for readings. The only terrible course on Coursera I've come across, and I've done a few dozen of them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
just a collection of materials you'd find in any museum..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very interesting, but I was really hoping more. For example, the professor does not teah us directly, like all the other courses on Coursera. It is only texts and archive videos.....Youtube would have done the same. Disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The URLs for the course's required readings are presented as non-clickable text in the course lecture videos. There is no list of URLs for the readings available which I could find, and to take this course students are required to copy dozens of long, cumbersome web addresses from the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A nice idea but very poorly done. This would be cool topic to learn about but it is just so poorly executed.Week 1 was just introduction. Week 2 seemed okay, reasonably interesting with a video that although was somewhat dated in style managed to grab my attention for the 40 or so minutes in length.However Week 3 is where I get off. A 16 minute video of slides, with only a couple of minutes of narration in total with what seems like about 20 links to random articles over the internet Links to articles to read would be fine if done well, but with very little to join them up and link them back to the subject at hand is a bit boring. Also the worst part - the slides aren't posted so in order to get to these articles I had to pause the video and letter by letter type them into the address bar. I gave up after the third article and hit leave course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
unable to submit any home work for marksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Video lectures are really bored, bad presented and almost useless. Most (if not all) of the useful content is presented in sections called web tours which are collections of websites were one can find information about the specific topic of a lesson. But many of the websites are bad organized, difficult to read/navigate or simply outdated. The course should be called Web Resources About IoT. I forced myself to keep going for two weeks/modules before I decided to buy a good book and take a more specific course like the one about Real-Time SystemsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just garbage. This course and its twin "Introduction to Smart IoT Devices" are an expression of imposture at high level. Fortunately, the other courses in EIT Digital series are very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material in this course is well presented, though scarce at times. However it has its share of problems :-little to no interaction from TA's or mentors in the forums-the quizzes are often out of sync with the lectures-the final exam has severe problems with questions (form not content).In more detail, on the final exam, some of the questions don't even contain all the content to answer them. They can request multiple answers but have single question boxes and/or the reverse.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good video lectures, pointless assignments .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Databases very difficult to work with, and badly programmed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is very interesting. There a a huge number of quizzes over poorly explained (or not at all explained) models, which would still be an interesting challenge if the models themselves had better explanations. This has been the most frustrating Coursera class I have taken, not because of the subject difficulty, but because of the lack of adequate resources for working with the models.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The creators were too lazy to actually film themselves, instead most videos are just text on a screen with music. Creates a bit of a feeling of a kindergarten festival. I'll stick around until I get too bored.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's not on architecture for IoT as name suggests. It's general software architecture course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't learn a lot from this course. It didn't explain technical IT architectures of IoT.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course presents lots of concepts and papers, but it doesn't really seems applicable in reality.It felt too "fluffy" and subjective to me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
one of the worst course everThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Low on actionable content. Was looking for some specific tactics to use, but even though the course syllabus refers to tactical information on influencing people, it lacked any specificity to make it useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a joke right?5 minutes long videos with questions after it shall teach me effective?!you guys are ridiculous!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent material, good organization and presentation. But - too many ("demanding"?) peer-reviewed assignments for such a short course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
She just started with wk 2. There should have been more explanation and videos in week 1...not very interesting. I think statistics you need to take in person.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was interesting, but I would have appreciated more academically rigorous assessments. As the course is currently designed, you either get 100% or 0%!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The theory is excellent but the exercises are too difficult for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was not overly interesting, it felt more like listening to someone wanting to paint everything with a socialist brush. I had better things to do. This has not been a class where I learned much. Its structure of super short videos (~4mins) with easy "tests" was neither challenging nor useful to confirm the value of the content, in fact a number of tests quiz you on material not yet covered (usually in the next unit). Not the best class there is.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course, though fun, was not intensive at all. The main issue I have is probably with the Coursera structure itself. Many of your homework assignments are based off of if people can understand the instructions of the game- which, if you have mostly non-English speakers, sort of takes the homework from being "be creative and challenge yourself" to "make sure everything you write down is 3 words max or else the people GRADING you won't understand it". This is also true when looking at these students' games- when half of your grade depends on your clarity, these kids are ultimately at a disadvantage. I'm sure there were amazing games made by some of the non-English speaking students, but I wasn't able to understand and play many of them. It is fantastic that Coursera is open to everyone, but when your grades are based off of clarity of language, it gets tricky.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures tend to be a bit boring. However the hands on assignments give great insight into understanding the basic concepts of game design and narration.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I went in this course with high expectations. After I watched all of the videos for the first week and saw the hilarious homework I quickly checked what this is about.LESS THAN 3 HOURS OF VIDEOS! Not to mention paying, you will be better off with Extra Credits...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quite useless. I didnt feel that I learned anything at all. Assingments seem to be dessinged by someone very lazy. The limitations of the assingments do not allow the students to practice what its been tought, but it is asked in the peer assingment from the students to evaluate it!. I understand that when calling it "Introduction", it is supposed to be aimed for people totally starting from 0. But still, I cant see how this course is of any use. It is short and does not cover anything. I am very surpirsed that getting the certificate for this course costs the same (in $) than getting the certificate of the Introduction to Principles of Game Design. Principles of Game Design has more than double hours of classes and in the assingments you actually create a game and practice new stuff. This course was very dissappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is good but the amount of content is severely lacking compared to alternatives.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
idk its not what i expected. i really want to start with actually making a computer game not a paper gameThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much less technical than I had anticipated. Much more policy-driven. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the course was very confusing and the language used in the quizzes and exams didn't always match the language used in the lessons making it very difficult to understand what was wanted.For a non-specialist, statistics is almost always a struggle, intently making it more difficult by trying to use trick questions and application in the quizzes and exam beyond what was covered in the course makes it really really difficult for those of us who are naturals at math.I worked really hard in the course and finally made it thought all 6 weeks of the course but after one try at the final exam I said to myself enough is enough. I hate being a quitter, but I was not learning statistics and causing myself many headaches and feelings of inferiority and self-doubt because I just couldn't match the quiz and exam questions to the material covered in the course.Maybe other people are much smarter than I am, but this source was a soul and time killer for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For someone who is not familiar with inferential statistics, this course is too compact. I lost the overall picture: it seems that a dozend methods were introduced, but I failed to understand under which preconditions each method is deployable. I am confused.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the content is too rich, and the explanation is too little. The no-feedback exam is misleading, difficult to pass. The course staff is not that helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hopelessly fast, compared to the excellent Basic Statistics by the same team. I gave up in week 1.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A couple of results in Q1 directly contradict the theory. Course is quite unreliable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Paying for course just to learn how to loop and make if else statements... I don't think this is the best way to learn java!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Use of Duke own specialised librarie ~ not the best way of learning progamming for the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is really hard, and I am having ALOT trouble understanding it. Overall, it is not one of the best courses I have taken.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed and explained. You do not really gain much knowledge from this course.I would not recommend my friends and basically others to take this course. There are far better courses out there for much cheaper prices.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are a real beginner like me (having zero or little programming knowledge) and your time is limited, I think this course (or the specialisation) is not suitable for you. The assignments and quizzes are very time consuming. One week I spent literally 30+ hours writing and debugging codes for just one quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is really not for beginners. The first week was ok , but we didn't spend much time coding. Then it was really difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not suitable for beginners at all, everything basic is skipped. Highly not recommendedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is too boring, I am not sure if it is because of the language or the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Use very specific environment that cannot be used in practice in the the Real World.For a much better course, use UC San Diego versions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Does very little to actually help you learn JAVA. Explains nothing about why the language works as it does.. Also it insists on you using their libraries and programming environments. You spend perhaps 20% of your time actually practicing coding, and the rest is wasted in libraries you will never use again. Such a wasteThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teaches you Java in a "toy" environment (Blue Jay) would be helpful to learn Java in Eclipse or another IDE that you would normally work in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a good Java Tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBWX97e1E9g&list=PLE7E8B7F4856C9B19I followed two videos and I'm learning in my way.I left the course because the ammount of time required was too high. For example, for one part of an exercise I spent a total of 12 hours distributed in 3 days. For the other part of the exercise I spent 1 hour. Also, in the part one, the last exercise was tremendouly difficult for begginers and for someone (my case) that know one language.You are making people hate Java. This is not for begginers. I have to say that the part of codepen and HTML was great.Fortunatelly, I didn't pay. But I think that paying for this course is a waste of money. I had a good experience in other Coursera programming course: "An Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python" of Rice Unviersity. The examples were awesome and the tests were reasonable, quite the opposite to this course.Also, Eclipse is so much better than BlueJ in many ways, also into learning...And there's more things that must be improved, but no time and no money.I'm very dissapointed to this course and Duke Univeristy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Couldn't fiish the course. Not hard, but exhausting and not interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is just terrible.It leaves an impression of being unfinished. There's a lot of knowledge missed out from lectures while being expected from the student in the quizzes.Lecturers themselves have a very vague understanding of how java works and how to code in real life. What they say in some lectures is very misleading and gives either false or just insufficient understanding of certain mechanisms.The examples are overcomplicated. They demand a full concentration on domain knowledge rather than on programming itself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could not get through the first week. Way too much emphasis on BlueJ and Duke University specific libraries. I I already have a decent foundation in coding and took the course with the idea I could get a refresher on Java. If your a beginner there are way better courses out there. This course is all over the place and I could see it being confusing for someone just picking up programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor, very poor course, worse course structure. Instructor hasn't put any thoughts in how they should strucutre this course.Cover no basics, assumes lots of thing and term this course as beginner for Java where actually there is no Java taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They push the University of Maryland way too much, the book and the videos have much of the same content. The book that you buy is written by the professor who runs the course which I do not agree with. The book could be more direct in how it gives you the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You guys are just trying to sell your book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
When the heck do you actually start programming? It's just him explaining and explaining and explaining and explaining. I did a little course work where I programmed some simple console applications like talking about my name and favorite games, but then he drones on for hours and hours about concepts without actually putting them to practice. He jumps through parts that could have otherwise given valuable information and experience like creating the deck class. Nope, he just has it all premade for you. The course stresses "You'll need to program a lot to gain experience, so you'll be doing it a lot of programming in this course." - but I'm not, there's no programming at all. It's just droning on and on about concepts and how they work.Yes it's important to learn what these things do, but it's much more important to put them to practice. My eyes are glossing over trying to sit through these 15 minute long videos of him just explaining concepts rather than having me put them to use.I do not recommend this course to anyone unless you have a Bob Ross fetish, and like listening to monotone talking. I can learn and so much more and gain valuable experience, just by googling and youtube videos. I'm very disappointed in this series.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I havent been able to use C # in my PC so the course became uselessThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For people who don't know programming at all only.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Do not take this course unless you have previous C# coding experience. It is most definitely not for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The software video tutorials need to be updated ..for example mac users need to use different programs which raises all sorts of different questions on where to go and where to find what Dr. T is working with for the lesson , second this is for beginners we would like to know why we are typing certain commands and what they do ... he has a good attitude but explanations need to be a little more detailed on what things are ,what they do and why we are using them... for any mac user you will be better off using parallels to install Windows and use this lessons with the programs he is working on like Visual Basic which is only for Windows ....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is too complicated. Also this programm isnt working as good as it should. I got so many failures, which I had to look for by myself. Also it isnt well explained! I almost didnt understand anything! Also some data persons, i knew, didn't understand that either. They never worked with something like that!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some lessons are too simple. The homework is not very clear and you need much more time to do it than it is said.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was actually about responsive web design, NOT information design. The two are in no way synonymous. Information design is about the visual display of information in a way that aids comprehension. Responsive web design is about creating different interfaces for different device form factors. I'm not sure how a professor could possibly mix up the two, but he did.The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star is that there was, in fact, some interesting info about responsive web design. If Coursera would change the title to "Responsive Web Design" instead of "Information Design" I'd give the course 4 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments are not always relevant or clearly explained. More resources on how to complete them properly (for example, suggestions about how to do prototyping and what tools to use) would also help improve this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm several months into this specialization. It seems to practice little of what it preaches in its design and pedagogy. I've paused repeatedly because I find the whole experience needlessly clunky and frustrating, and I rarely feel like I've learned much at the end of the assignments. I often wonder if anyone on the UCSD/Coursera side ever actually tries to complete the assignments. The quiz is missing key links and the questions read as if they were written by someone who's first language is not English. Pretty sloppy effort.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was the paper I was most looking forward to in the Interaction Design specialisation. Unfortunately it seems as if they ran out of time to design it properly (despite extending its start date several times). I didn't learn what I would've expected and all of the assignments blurred into one anotherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was disappointed by this Course maybe because I had a great expectations for it. Months of delay and poor content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, this is one the worst paid courses I've taken on Coursera. The material is very brief, the assignments are poorly explained and structured. As with all the other sections in this specialization, there is no feedback for professor or TAs, which is very-very frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This specialisation started off good in the first 1-2 courses but has since taken many steps back. The content is dated and not well though through, and it feels like the whole thing could have been put into 2-3 coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Video lectures did not provide much information. Coursework instructions were unclear (and had typos). I enrolled in November, but the course start date kept getting pushed back by a week or two at a time until it was ready 4 months later. With all of the extra time taken to put the course together, I expected to get a lot more out of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos were not ellaborative, examples sparse and were not edited to completion. After months of this course repeatedly being delayed we see a complete failure with 'Information Design', both in course and in practice.I was very dissapointed with this course and the time-wasting assignments. I have enjoyed the courses leading up to this one, but this course was obviously rushed and poorly planned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was quite disappointed by this course, after several delays the course stated months later than originally planned. The videos are badly edited, and there did not seem to be a lot of content within this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Has been postponed for months and it's still only available for previewThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very simplistic and chaotic course. Explanations are all over the place.BlueJ is probably the worst IDE I have ever seen and I have been a programmer for about 8 years.There are far better courses. I would not recommend this course at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
thanks for the course, but-your quizzes is real pain, some random variable could cause wrong result-your should follow how it is implemented in lectures in stupid way, like "efficient" way when you build hash map N^2 instead of N-bluej sucks you make a lot of clicks to run method, use some decent IDE like eclipse or ideaThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first segment on why "Digital Changes Everything" is good background but the rest was too abstract for me with nothing I could really take away and practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My suggestions:** videos: pace is way too fast, and without much visuals and a clear structure/plan, hard to fully grab in one view. I don't think your 5mn max duration really makes sense. When the content is of interest, better to make it longer to improve clarity. Positive: you provide written/text versions of your videos.** support documents: way too many and not always relevant** quizzes: i don't think that asking us the name of a founder etc. really test anything about our understanding of our lesson. Too many irrelevant questions.All in all, it seems you applied one of the rules you discuss in this course: release fast, and adjust later on based on customers' feedback.. Unsure this is the right approach when it comes to online learning. I had higher expectations vs. Mines Telecom.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Rather superficial, the poorest one of the modules so far.You have to shoot at the end. I wish I new it in advance, I wouldn't have enrolled.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was required by my director, but it is not for those who have no background in law (which was the case for the group of us at CDC who were required to take this). It was very difficult to iuinderstand and I did not think it was a "beginner's course for noThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material is really interesting and helpful, but a lot of bugs in video productions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
He has a clear outline, but his definitions are not clear and are very vague. His thought process is unorganized.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Minus 3 stars for 3 complaints1. Infographics for Journalism might be a better title. The grading guidelines for the project see all specific to one type of publishing.2. Grades assigned by fellow classmates are very subjective and sometimes miss the points made it the material.3. Some of the class material is posted on YouTube and has advertising. I didn't buy into the class so I could watch ads!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sweet and short course. However, if you dont have Adobe Ilustrator nor plan to buy the Certification, it is a little bit too short and basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is misrepresented as infographics for all. It is really infographics for journalists WITH experience in Adobe Illustrator. There is no chance that anyone walking into the course with zero experience in AI can pass. No chance, period!The final project grading is unfair & ridiculous. The scoring is "not good", "good", "excellent". Here's the thing... scoring "good" equals a fail in the project and, therefore, a fail in the course. Your classmates with experience in adobe are scoring you based upon the instructors "excellent" examples. Not realistic at all.I would also point out that the course is excellent for journalists but completely useless for those of us in the business world. Under no circumstances would we use journalistic-style infographics in the business world. Having worked for multiple Fortune 500's, this style would NEVER fly in the business world. I wish I had known before I signed up. I would never have wasted the hours, energy or money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Well, while I felt really frustrated after having played ALL of this course videos, I have first put very negative comments here for its reviewing. I have then been kindly asked to reconsider my comments under the light of the usefulness of this course to some audience. For sure, it might be that I was not of the attended audience. And I still think that this course was of no interest to me - this is the reason why I'm still pleased not to have paid for its useless certificate. Nevertheless, this course might be of interest for some students. This is definitively true. So, let me suggest a new title for it: "Design and Make Infographics for the Dummies". Because that's it! This course is definitively perfect for the ones who know nothing about Infographics and they might enjoy it. Finally, I shall neither modify nor remove my previous comments on the examples used by the author.Please notice that Coursera still gets all my confidence about the usefulness and the quality of their proposed courses. For instance, just have a look to the course "Machine Learning" of one of its co-founders, Andrew Ng.------------------------------------My previous comments here below:For sure I was not the correct audience for this course. But nothing useful to be learned in here. Karl Gude is too much speaking of what he has formerly done, which is of only interest to him. I dislike the examples he uses : violence, sex, illness, accidents, weapons, war, drugs - and fruits, ok. Are these the only topics of interest to him? Finally, it appears that the $45 certificate does not worth it. I'm pleased not to have paid for it. And I definitively not recommend this course. Waste of time if not even waste of money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I quit this course in the 4th week and I hope my following points are seen as constructive and help the owners to improve the experience.- On the plus side this course presents some nice correlations between bible and Babylonion sources.- Quizzes are too hard. If you miss a single piece of information, you can't complete it due to a 4-out-of-8 selection question every week which you HAVE to answer correctly. After reviewing all videos of week 4 twice, I quit.- Lectures often lack a continuous thread to follow. Back and forward jumps in time are common. Timelines at the end sometimes help, but are shown too late.- The forum is abandoned! To the point of time there are three (!) posts in the forum and none of the forum operators. No one is taking care of it.- The lecturer's English is not good, but understandable. Sometimes with unusual choice of words.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely badly organized, messy, and technicalThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i can't understand what he talk about. need a sub.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've finished my specialization in "Python for Everyone" and thought this specialization would be a nice follow on. The instructors are funny and try to keep it light, but it certainly is NOT an intro level course. It took me nearly 8 months to finish the final 3 projects. I won't be continuing this specialization. It might have been OK if they had an intro to OOP that was a prereq for both of these coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is ok and I enjoyed the humour and feeble running gags in the lectures.But it doesn't justify the rip-off pricing at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content was somewhat scattered and lacked focus. I think the whole topic of the talent pipeline was completely lacking structure and cohesiveness. Cheri's presentations were not as engaging as the others and her slides were poorly prepared - often difficult to read and not necessarily related to the topic at handThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One of the main presenters, who led about half of this course, would greatly benefit from an editor to help them organize their ideas. This, and a presentation style that made me feel "talked down to", similar to reading a story book to a small child, made comprehension of ideas frustratingly difficult. The content they were responsible for covering was why I signed up for a paid multi-course specialization. Though I learned lots of other things I'll no doubt find helpful, I did not walk away with the information I need the most. The other presenters were great, as usual, and presented their topics in a clear, concise manner.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The part of course from Prof. Sytch and Prof. DeRue was really interesting and important. But I cannot complete this course, because part of Dr. Alexander is impossible to listen. It is necessary all the time to separate useful information from enormous amount of information about her private life. Is it a course about private life of Dr. Alexander or about Managing Talent? And I am 30 years, not16. She is talking with us like we are small kids, and so she can keep our attention only by special voice and multiple stories her private life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first and the last week propose basic, but self-explaining inputs in an uninteresting manner. Nevertheless, there are some quite good take aways. Out of the four courses of the specialization, Managing Talent is the weakestThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've just wasted 2 hours going through repetitions of what I'll learn, but not actually learning anything. Why is it called free, if I can't submit answers to quizzes unless I upgrade first!I now have an adverse reaction towards that course that it doesn't really have much content to it, and I'm not the least eager to upgrade. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really did not understand this course. There was way too much jargon.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course are fantastic but 3 month HARD WORKING to earn a "cheap" certificate that looks false :( I cannot present it to my companyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad Because you need 3 persons to evaluate you every week and often this persons is not educated or gives a score zero for all . So having to re-course or leaving without convincing reasonThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am giving 1 star to this MOOC because giving 0 is not an option.The "savoir relier protocol" might be efficient when taught face to face in a classroom but as a MOOC it is a massive waste of time and money (I paid for the capstone project and I'm feeling robbed).I learnt absolutely nothing.This MOOC is a major disappointment from a school such as HEC.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All assignments giving you more insight on your personality had to be purchased. I did not really feel like a free course .... tooThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Underwhelmed. If this had been a free course I might have gone up to two stars, but I probably wouldn't have finished.This course attempts to take complex social awareness and patterns and reduce them to an understandable set of skills to be practiced... but it fails. I find it to be full of new-age dreamy ramblings that do not really help in the real world.Leadership is influence, which comes as a mixture of experience and intention. This course seems to discount experience in favour of "sense", used in this context as a poorly-translated summing up of the physical senses and their analysis.This course requires you to create an intimate written self-portrait, which you then find yourself sharing with a stranger and comparing. The exercise is interesting, and a lot of students have bought into the premise that this is a "genuine conversation" and allows them to explore their ability to know another person. I am the heretic in the room: I think the student wish to appear intelligent to their peers and the emperor is in fact shamefully unclad. If this is what the world considers a "genuine" conversation then the world is a shallower place than I had thought.This course, unfortunately, over-promises and under-delivers, and I am not in the least tempted to take the next one in the series. A good concept, but poorly planned, poorly translated, and poorly executed. Valerie clearly understands her topic but the summarizing of it for this framework is not a success.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some good points. Spends a lot of time on self-advertisement. Takes a lot of time to get to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I just started the course and I'm going to stop this course right away. In my opinion showing Hitler as an appropriate leader is not the course I want to visit! I do not upport any racist mindset.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it's good but can be better they have to give more examples about the conceptThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course really doesn't offer anything substantial in a practical sense. It has the feel of some sort of odd "New Age" repackaging of things already obvious to anyone with even a modicum of leadership ability. This is the first Coursera course that I have ever wanted to rate zero stars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought the course was oldfashioned, it doesn't prepare you to be a journalist in the digital age, where terms like crowdfunding, search ability, new businessmodels, apps and social media are key factors of success. Yes, there was a small section where they explained crowdsourcing (lol) but interviewing as many people as you can seems to be cryptosaurus approach. Also the social media tips seem to be very interesting if you're 65+. It's worth following this course for free but definately not your money, the free course on futurelearn had ten times more content and I learned so much more...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Knowledge provided here was just a common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the content and the presenters much less engaging than in "Developing Innovative Ideas for New Companies: The First Step in Entrepreneurship". The exams were so easy that I could pass them at 100% without watching most of the videos. I really don't have the feeling that I learned much that would help me in getting "From Idea to Marketplace". Overall disappointing for a paid course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Ill give two stars cause lectures are way to boring to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a second edition of this course. I think that this edition is absolutely useless. Several old mans read subtitles from obsolete books under the camera. No real-life examples, no practice, just obvious things and pure theory from dawn of dinosaurs. 1 star for Ostervalder's business model canvas, the real mark of this course is 0 stars. Where is the first edition of this course with original lectures of Tom Mierzwa? I feel robbed for 49$.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very cursory and doesn't get into analysis about why things are the way they are. This course just explains who the actors, their roles and environment they operate in. It would have been much more interesting and useful to learn the why.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i think the coming classes will be great more than that ... but it's goodThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To be honest, there are no techniques here that cannot be found in many other places. The only difference is that they explain the science behind the techniques, which in terms of practical application is not very useful at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found difficult to navigate within the course and the style of the course is not very modern. I felt difficult to follow the whole program, which might be also linked to my level of English that might not have been good enough, considering the technical vocabulary used in the program. However some interesting and very concrete tips to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dear Professors/Instructors/TAs/moderators/coders:It is very good for you to start your work in a very early time! BUT it is so rude to send emails/notifications/greetings/reminders to me in a very early/late time (e.g., 7AM, 10PM). During that moment, I was waked up frequently by your emails which do NOT include a big deal.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos aren't of good quality and the tools aren't concrete enough to be useful. There is not enough material. I hope they will improve it because the subject is interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
extremely easy and sparse content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this is a good course but if you think better and deeply you will understand that deep inside you your self know this things but maybe you did not do in daily life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Filled with redundant balderdash and extremely dumbed-down and slow-paced. Offends the learner.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is definitely a course for someone that has finished a higher degree. if you've done that, there's a very big change that you already know about 90%-95% of the techniques presented in thous course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring techniques for remembering.Nothing related to learning or understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the instructors may be well versed in their fields, I felt the course took too long to get to the meat of the issue. I suppose I wanted a faster-paced course without a lot of hand-holding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course did not motivate me at all. Videos where mainly repetitive and the questions seemed to be there to serve no purpose.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't learn as much as expected about learning how to learn. Maybe my expectations were too high.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course tells you to use a timer while studying without the TV on and to avoid procrastination. It also stresses review while learning. This isn't anything new. The course discusses diffuse and focused modes. Diffuse modes are described as being as important as focused modes. Running, day dreaming and sleep can help enter diffuse modes and integrate focused learning. Save you time and skip this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Practical tips are few, and neuroscience is not the title of the course, but is widely discussed. The title implies "Tools for learning" but I didn't get anything useful out of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only part 3 was partly interesting and usefull. All the rest is vain.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really basic, with some interesting stuff but could be reduced to a third of the time...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I want it to be more exciting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it has a lot of nice information about the brain and ways of study, but this whole course is a way of procrastinating.I feel like it could have been summed up really much better into written text and finished at a much faster rate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This will be an excellent course for undergrads and high school students but not much in depth knowledge and learning strategy for higher levels of education.Teachers show mastery on their subject matter , though their presentation style is not genuine and naturally animated, to the point that it may feel boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Proprietary. To me is unacceptable. But the professors really do have a charm to them so I will give them an extra star for that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can access to some contents: videos and lectures, but I can not send quizzes or assignments and to get feedback without paying a fee for this course, very limited! :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the weekly quiz are premium only now? well now i don't need to review other's work, since calification is already broken, so ty. Just close the free enroll already, make ppl life easy. I have to say goodbye Rice now.ps: worse part is i really enjoyed the last time i was here. Now i feel an asshole for believing on this shit.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
joe warren ur better than thisThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very disapointed about this course. This course is more about how programming, then teaching about programming in python. The lecture is too long and information value is very low. In my opinion, this course is for somebody who never programming, it is not depend in which language. If you wont to know how if, for, functions works, what is variable etc, then this is the right place where to learn this basics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not upto the mark.Not meant for intelligent studentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only able to audit the class, no longer able to take quizzes and tests. I recommend the Python classes from Michigan over these if you are looking to avoid paying for old material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wouldn't give a star for this course; materials are prosaic (wordy); professors have not designed a truly high-tech course with automated grading; they want peers to grade each other - I don't like this euphemism, which is equivalent to the blind leading the blind; I do not want to spend my energy correcting other peoples' programming assignments; I want to spend the time thinking about programming and working on my own programs - the concept of collaboration is false - everyone wants to develop their own stuff not share with others so the premise of the course is inaccurate; also, the course has many long-winded texts of little use to the student; this is a course more about indoctrination in a legacy system than it is a course to liberate the mind through computers; while the content is interesting I am completely turned off by the amount of time I have to devote to commenting on other peoples' stuff - I am not a teacher - that is the teacher's job not my job - also, I do not like the condescension and clownishness of the profs in this course - I do not need to be entertained and all the talk about Monty Python, one of the corniest programs on TV trivializes the material - a no-nonsense, MIT type course is preferable - this is a course that I would avoid from the logistical perspective, although I will follow the material side of the course because it has substantial content and that includes the specialization - hello teachers in the course - automate the grading and remove all of the peer evaluations and start offering authentic instruction, not lazy instruction of students teaching students - the approach is typical of all legacy-oriented courses - the same goes for the Severance course at the University of Michigan - if the Rice course is supposed to instill interest in Rice University, this offering turns me away from Rice because one realizes that Rice is too legacy-oriented in its approach, same old, same old.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
huge waste of time, they will give you very little information and what is expected for you to be able to do with that information is astronomical, you will never learn any of the details of how computing works, how functions work, the mechanism behind these computations, or anything. To give you an example, you will first watch a horribly made video on boolean logic, alter going to youtube to get a better explanation of 'And', 'or' , and 'not', you'll see an example done with If, else, and elif, then be asked to do homework problems using and, or, not. This huge gap between the information given, and the information you are expected to know to solve the problems they give you is too large, I found differential equations easier than thisThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
just some basic knowledge, most of the knowledge is not expanded or deep introduced.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The given introduction didn't help me to figure out how the grading system will look like. There are no assignments to submit, only online group works, which is not organised well at all. There are too many threads and the it's not at all clear what to write about. Apparently I should write about certain cases, but I couldn't find the content of the case. There is no proper introduction, work overview or anything. Very dissapointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is rather superficial, it sadly did not provide practical tips that go beyond common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most video's are spoken in a sort of 'Franglais' that is barely understandable, very annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it is a decent course to understand how the peer review process work. However, it does not really help to write a paper. I think some ideas are not applied to every field. In particular, telling students to look for the board of editors in a journal and adapt your results and how you express things accordingly, it is in my opinion a bit unethical. Moreover, I was expecting that the course will be taught by a professor, but instead, it is done by a group of PhDs, some of them in their first year of research. If they intend to target a PhD audience, this is clearly a drawback as some of them might know the same as you do. Finally, as some people already pointed out, the quality of the English of some of the instructor is not good. In particular, there are a couple of them that you can't barely understand. It would have been more useful if the full course is taught by the 2 of them that can actually speak good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a great effort to try to explain writing an academic paper. I appreciate it. And unfortunately, these guys have an awful English accent. It is almost impossible to understand. Moreover, their sentences are so long and complicated that makes it impossible to get it. Nice try but it doesn't work :(Best regards,Dr. FurkanThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The contains of the course is not really enough for improve the writing skill for scientific paper. Those advices mention in the video is common and that's it. No more practice or example to help the learner understand or apply that concept to their writing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very basic course. I would only recommend this if you are just starting your PhD program and you have no idea how the writing process worksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I find this to be very very basic advice on how to write a scientific paper. I can't even see where the "project" is coming, plus the strong accent of instructors makes it really hard to follow sometimes -- even with the subtitles. To make things even better, accessing the quizzes is imposible unless you pay for the certificate. I found the course disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very disappointed with this course I had to wait too long on grading, first time I got not naff points then I had to wait for about few months on grading. I will not take capstone for this course because I suppose I would wait about a few years on grading. This course has to change grading process because has no adequate number of students for peer review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it was too basic information/material for what I was expectingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was quite disappointed in the capstone; I have not found the quality of the questions to be very high, and more than once there has been a disconnect between the question asked and how the reviewer is asked to grade it. I understand there are some limitations in working with such a large and diverse group of students, but peer-reviewing is not productive or particularly helpful, and I expected more interaction with the professors for a capstone (especially one that comes at a cost).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very nice introduction to the topic. I wish it had more "meat" and more exercises to develop the skills presented during the class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Arguably the worst of the bunch as far as learning anything. *sigh*The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Module about codecs was great.The rest was too easy. An equivalent to reading manual on internet. No value added :(.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Big difference in difficulty between the math-heavy codec theory lectures and the other material which is quite basic. Not much to do with the DragonBoard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
OK. the main professor clearly knows his stuff. On the other hand he goes into unnecessary detail and then quizzes you on it even though its not relevant to the course (typical bricks and mortar education type BS). The assistant instructors (likely this guys students) are not as great and the whole thing is amateur night.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Course is acceptable, however, it should be called, Introduction to VoIP communication or Developing VoIP applications rather than its current title.Assignments are either super easy or never have a right answerPersonally, I will not recommend this course for other who want to understand IoTThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The female presenter's speed of speech is so slow it's almost hard to concentrate on.The questions where answers need to be filled in are so stupid that you can fill in any random letters or punctuations and it'll count as pass.Like the comics!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very much low details and the course instructor has very slow pace when he is teaching on the board that (aaaa,aaaa) is very irritating....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not terrible, I learned a few things, but it is poorly designed.Some things are explained as if to people who aren't familiar with the concepts at all, while others are explained as if to people who must already know a lot about the concepts. I often felt lost. The "quizzes" did not help, you could do well on them without actually understanding things (I remember one multiple-choice question where the options were something like (a) "Arrhenius's first law", (b) "Arrhenius's second law", (c) "Arrhenius's third law", and you didn't even have to look at the question or know what the law was to know the answer because only one of Arrhenius's laws had been mentioned in the course at all).There are two types of videos in this course. In one type, the professor is in a lab or kitchen or classroom or something and is physically demonstrating things. These videos are useful and mostly understandable. The other type of videos are lecture-style things that appear to have literally been sliced out of some other more thorough set of videos - sometimes the professor refers back to "earlier" parts of the lecture that we haven't actually seen before. Concepts and variables are often introduced without even mentioning what they refer to.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
OK introduction to material properties, but not rigorous (leaves out definitions, motivation and conclusions/consequences) and skips some things that come up on the quizzes. No worked examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was disappointed with the treatment of the main concepts. They were cursorily dealt with. Examples from the real world and a more graphic explanation esp. of the crystal defects would have helped. Otherwise, all the main points were covered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm dropping out of a specialisation I paid for because the quality of the materials is really low, and the presentation is very similar. I don't want to discourage the presenters, but this is not the level I expected.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It looks like a youtube review and not a real courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
many outdated instructionsinexperienced tutors who almost never explain why things are done in a certain wayThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures are not very polished, and I think it would have been better to have a few longer videos than so many short ones.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too fast paced, not suited for absolute beginners. first week takes alone about 3 weeks to complete and masterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic. Not much deepThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way to basics, just to much explication but nothing actually to implement or to do.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was so excited for this course, but IT failed miserably. I am a complete newbie, I didn't know one thing about IoT before engaging in this course. I gave it one star due to actually learning a small something IN SPITE of the fact the prof is extremely inarticulate. The course is extremely short and vague. There was no care in detail or discussion or presentation. There's no forum to ask questions or to even start or engage in a discussion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A course graded only by your peers ! what's the point ? Well the peers that graded my answers are not qualified to grade my work, useless, wast of time grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not good- weak lecturer- repeats himself endlessly- waste of timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Stunning waste of time. There is nothing of substance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
got to pay, but besides that it's more about him talking less learning about anythingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Would not let me leave course after signing up. Due to family issues, I could not continue, but due to some weird policy, after purchasing this class, I could not drop. (Still can't)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer review is a bad bad idea.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course address some elementary issues about IoT, but the instructor at times seems like he does not have a good grasp of the lecture materials. No access to quizzes or evaluations as auditing participant, which is a shame since most of the Coursera MOOCs allow access to evaluation material under the auditing modality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This will probably be the worst course in the specialization and for good reason. The entire course is designed to overload you with terminology to get you up to speed for the follow courses. As a result this is a pretty bland and boring 4 weeks. The assignments feel like tedious filler an a lot of the questions in them are very poorly worded. The saving grace is that the course is just 4 weeks and can be completed in a fairly short amount of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Less lab exerciser only theoretical introductionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Won't teach anything to anyone with the most basic computer science background and knowledge.The most useless assignments in any Coursera course I've ever seen, that require no useful (or any) knowledge to complete.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was overall a good course for a beginner but too much theoretical things are there, one needs to push more on practicals.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only 2 * because of technical issue that i faced in most of the videos are not loading properly . they will stuck somewhere and only audio will be continuing . so i couldnt finish the course. apart from that teaching is really good.hope you guys work on it to fix it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No forum, what are you thinking!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought the material was presented at an overly high level and was not particularly useful, particularly in the second half of the course. Add more detail. Furthermore, the presentation style of the professor is not engaging, nor does he address interesting archetypes or examples in his lectures. The early material was fine but again presentation could be dramatically improved. Lastly, the assignments were rather interesting early on but once again quality decreased as the course progressed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
till week 2 i think there is no useful information till nowThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Aimed only for people with zero background in the IoT paradigm. While well organized and structured, it only provides the student with the minimum basics of the IoT and embedded systems concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer reviewed assignments in this course are discriminatory towards people with learning disabilities. Coursera is unwilling to provide any accommodation to relieve this discrimination.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class is an extreme example of an introduction to a subject - very basic information. I would guess that anyone who actually knows the term "Internet of Things" and was able to find this course already knows all of the content presented here. For completeness and ensuring that everyone is on the same page, I suppose it it required. I took off one star for how basic, yet drawn-out the information is (it could have been covered in a single week). The other two stars came off because of how tedious the peer-review assignments are and how little they add to the understanding of the content (it is not hard to understand, so the assignment ends up just being busy work). The two stars I gave were because the instructor seems knowledgable and the rest of the specialization looks promising.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very bad course I wouldn't recommend it to anyone as it doesn't concern to any coding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors may be knowledgeable, but they had no knack for teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very rushed, incomplete examples and gaps in content. I'm not sure what audience Coursera is aiming for, but it doesn't seem to be anyone who doesn't already know a programming language.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not for beginners unless you are willing to invest a significant amount of time with outside sources, beyond what is stated as needed to complete the course. disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As someone with a very limited background in statistics, I found the course jumped very quickly from basics to extremely complicated statistical modeling with all the jargon that comes with it. So either the course description didn't provide enough information for a non-statistician to realize it will get very complex, or the language and explanations should have been simplified/more descriptive for the audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What I've watched wasn't as what I expected.I would give it 2 out of 5 as addressing my needs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course looks a lot like advertisement of a textbook. I don't have anything against ads, but ads are not very suitable for teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Class was boring and the professor wasn't inspired nor inspiring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Study material DOES NOT cover tested material appropriately. For those quizzes I took, I ended up doing them by trial and error. Took one of them seven times just changing answers. Quiz 3 is so ambiguous that I am giving up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The irony of the fact that a course that was meant to teach how to appropriate evaluate adult learners was full of quizzes that were riddled with "guess what I'm thinking" short answer questions and multiple choice questions with > or < 1 correct answer was not lost on me. I ended up leaving the course during week three after issues with a quiz that was described in the forums as "impossible." It's too bad - the course description was very promising.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
NOTHING like described, NOT EASY for non native english speakers as describedextremely misleading..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
did not like the course at all. That is why I decided to discontinue the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The way the tests accept the answers can lead to a very frustrating experience. The test would mark my answers wrong for no reason. Sometimes I would change nothing between tests and get the previously marked incorrect answer correct. Besides this glitch however this course was great.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not too good ,,because in assignments session they doesnt know what the right ans is, as in first assignment ,the ques is about circumference of circle as in google the exact ans is what they wronged itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Few explanations, no feedback after doing things wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very good course for basic physics. If you're looking for a physic course to build the base for Mechanical Engineering, highly recommend this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This requires a high level understanding of maths (highest high school level) especially SI, and exponents. It is not suitable for people with no background in maths or physicsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course seems to be a course in Scrummerfall, i.e., a mixture of Scrum and Waterfall. After having briefly discussed the Agile Manifesto, which emphasizes things like "People over processes," what is the first thing that they dive into? Processes where they say things like "Requirements combined with processes are the backbone of any successful software project." I would disagree. Requirements and processes are important, but people and communications are the backbone of any successful software project.I'm dropping this specialization and searching for another course that really follows Agile methodologies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quizzes are about the course structure and not product management.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is just pulling the knowledge without basic logic. I have no idea what I have learned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very shallow coverage, doesnt have the scope to be an entire Course!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't complete the course without passing the graded content, but I can't complete the graded content unless I pay money and upgrade. Not the purpose of thes courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was too basic for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only the link agilemanifesto.org has real value in this course. The rest is self-PR and "water". I see no reason paying for the sertificate and I am not convinced further cources of this specialization will deliver greater value.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A little disappointed in this course, it would have been better suited for the first part to a larger course other than a week long introduction to th subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really about Product Management, but about Project ManagementThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is very basic. I believe this can be useful for school graduates, but if you have at least a couple years of hands-on experience, you shouldn't find anything new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really useful as course, but only as introduction to other materials... feels more like an ad than a real courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very old fashion way of looking at development and developers. Where developers are considered resources and minions that need to follow orders. Modern development techniques value developers and allow them to be much more active players. Product Manager is not a MANAGER but a facilitator. This course describes the view that developers are loose canons that need to be managed and that upfront planning and estimation are the right path. I do not agree at all with this view.Should you happen to agree with this view, the Course is well explained and presented well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mostly a bunch of unsubstantiated and dogmatic cliches flaunted around. The "Agile" buzzword in its best and most "religious" form.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Small introduction. I was expecting some thing concrete.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dry principles without real life examples and exercises. You can passed the quiz by just reading online or have basic project management experience. Disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Defiantly the worse MOOC I have taken. Does the specialisation need such a long introduction?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Course could have been covered in a more interesting wayThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course title is misleading. It is actually a course on Managing Agile Software development, not Product management.There is common understanding in active product management community that major focus for product manager is market. Market is not mentioned in this course at all.What requirements and schedule, guys??? Current product management is all about hypotheses, A/B testing, customer development, experiments, lean UX, etc.You completely missing the point.Still, this course can be a good one for those who want to start Managing agile software development.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difference between a Software Project and a Software Product - of course it is defined by convention, but it is there and is pretty generally understood. Typical software projects are bespoke applications developed for the use of one organization and typically automates a business process. A S/w product, on the other hand, is built and sold to a range of users in the target group, who can be individuals to large organizations. This course does not seem to address any of the issues faced by a S/w Product Manager. I think this course completely misses the point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too general course. Didn't learn much from it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
poorly constructed, too simplistic and too slowThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had much more expectations from this course but this was just a brief overview of content(Not covering all topics) of what actual International business should be.Rather than just wasting time like this they should have been crisp and short but actually this professor was good at giving examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not holding my interest. Sorry!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely clear presentations by the researchers, but loses 2 stars for relying on assignments based on Google Docs which did not load properly and resulted in me not being able to complete the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the information was presented so slowly that it was hard to follow. i have taken a couple other introductory biology/genetics courses so some of the information was familiar, but i (and a friend who watched over my shoulder) found the videos nearly unwatchable due to the slow pace the presenters were speakingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was denied completion of this course because a fellow course taker felt the need to "grade" unfairly. I suggest all "peers" keep in mind we are here to learn not to be judge so critically. The spirit of the course was destroyed by a thoughtless action. If you wish to be critical that's fine but at least have the courage to leave feedback for me to review. Coward.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed in this course. It is more of an infomercial for American Gut than an actual course. Additional knowledge gained was very little.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While this course seems to have potential, there are many aspects of it that don't result in a great learning experience. The course resources comprise of videos and notes. The videos are informative but the notes are fairly lacking. Perhaps the biggest issue that I found with this course was the disconnect between the material covered in the videos and that which was tested on the quizzes. Often times the quiz questions were either painfully easy or worded in such a way that was not verifiable in any of the class resources. As a result, confusion occurred sometimes more often than true learning. A topic such as missing data is naturally very complex and I wouldn't expect a short course on Coursera to be able to adequately cover it. However, I do think that a lot more could be done to improve the value of this course even if that means changing the scope of the materials. Also, the lack of responsiveness to issues raised on the forum and issue-reporting buttons was a disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The contents of this course could be interesting, but they end up being terribly boring. The course lacks examples to bring things to life. A pity!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quality of the presentation is very low, and way below the quality in other courses. The assignments are very poorly designed. This is not a subjective personal experience. This is based on discussions with other learners in the forum who have expressed disappointment and frustration.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wrote some indepth feedback, but par for the course, I can't save it - either here or on the discussion board. Nothing obscene, but certainly some major frustration with format, inconsistencies in scoring and format, information not reviewed in the course on some of the quizzes, the fact that Coursera keeps trying to sell me the specialty, the lack of ANY moderator on the discussion board to provide assistance...and can go on with the technical issues to but I won't!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Positive: Readings and references allow for an additional study of related course concepts.Negative: Course is excessively short - both in number of modules and also in resources per module. Quizzes are excessively easy. This course is basically a small part of a previous course in International Marketing in Asia. I think a new set of courses should have been presented and not this. Some of the concepts are excessively focused in Asia... Also the LG interview videos seem excessivelly of 'free' publicity. It should be avoided.Overall - in my opinion, to be relevant in the online you have to upscale your game. Yonsei presents very short courses, as it can be seen in the specialization emerging technologies. Hope you can change your approach in the future or I don't think your courses will have traction. Please review your next courses in the specialization not to be parts of your previous course but to have new materials... I don't think is very credible to slice a course and offering it in 6 parts and call it a specialzation.I wish you luck.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You know when u see a bunch of good reviews of a restaurant and then go there and the food is terrible, the place is awful and the waiters are the worst?Well, same here:. class structure is messy. communication skills are poor.. i know this is not a design course but the examples shown in html are so bad u think u are watching a course from 2002.. the teacher says "frustrating" some many times, and uses so much negative word towards coding and html... maybe she hopes not desencoraje students by empathy but end up doing the exact opposite.i would not recommend this course, not to newbies, not to oldies, not to anyone searching to have a good learning experience.Finishing this course was painfull and i only did it because i promised myself not to abandond it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The final assignment is peer graded, which means you'll have to deal with idiots grading your final assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor.Course crammed with unnecessary details (loads of CSS "decoration" properties that one may test on it's own), without focusing on CSS fundamentals, such as page layout strategies, float-based layouts, element positioning which, in my view, are discussed only very superficially.I'll forget 90% of discussed "decoration" properties in a few days but when I think of CSS paradigms - a structure that can be later filled with easily forgotten/easily retrieved "decoration" properties - that I'll take with me "for ever" out from this course.... sounds empty. The extra star goes for stressing the importance of accessibility.To sum up: decoration largely outweighs structure.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This has to be the poorest educational experience Ive ever had. Virtually nothing is explained. The instructor says time & time again that she's not going to bother to explain in detail and that we should go out & explore all these free resources if we want to learn. SO WHY DID I PAY FOR THIS CLASS? Honestly, save your money. This is nothing but a rip-off and I am shocked that an institution like U of M would allow such a sloppy, lazy product to be out there under its brand.To make matters worse, we are instructed time & time again to go out onto the discussion board and ask for help when she doesn't want to bother explaining a concept.1. Everyone else taking this class is confused too - how could they possibly be of any help to me?2. The staff who comes onto the boards are just about as rude & unhelpful as any I've ever seen. They literally say "well, did you WATCH the lecture?" Ummm- yes I did & it directed me to come here for help.I feel duped. This is a scam and I can only say I am sorry I paid my money for this. If you really want to learn CSS, get yourself a good book on the subject and/or utilize the free material out on the internet. This will absolutely waste hours of your time and way too much of your money for what they are providing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While I love Dr. van Lent's teaching style, I was somewhat disappointed in the course as a whole. After about the first week the instructor was not heard from again on the forums. It wasn't until about the last week that some official teaching staff started to make an appearance.This was an issue as, especially in the first week, as there was a good deal of discrepancy between what was on the grading rubric, what was provided in description for the homework, and what was in an optional video that described the homework. All with no official direction as to what was correct, or how things should be properly graded. The students were just left to themselves to try and interpret what the instructor meant, and what was the proper thing to do in regards to the peer grading. This continued, albeit to a far lesser extent, through the remainder of the course.While I don't expect instructors to be in the forums all that often, I do expect them to clear up obvious issues, and to make some type of official statement as to how students should proceed. I believe this was the first offering of this course, and I hope as it offered again those discrepancies are fixed, and perhaps more official teaching staff are able to monitor the forums.As far as the material itself, it is pretty good, and covers most of the basics well. As I said at the start, I really love Dr. van Lent's teaching style. She is very encouraging, and easy to understand. She is also very human, making mistakes as she goes along, and correcting them. I feel this gives the student a good experience of the real world iterative process that coding is, that even with experience mistakes are still made, and to be expected, and how to go about doing some debugging to correct those mistakes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very broad instruction but very picky quizzes. Spent more time frustrated with trick questions on quizzes than actually learning something.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was actually quite helpful for learning Chinese, and it provides fascinating information about Chinese culture. Besides learning the language, you'll learn about holidays, foods, and art, and you'll hear Chinese music.Unfortunately, I could not give the course a good rating because I found some quiz questions impossible to complete. This questions required answers to be typed in Pinyin or in Chinese characters. However, the course gave no information on how to type the Pinyin tone marks or Chinese characters into the response boxes. I tried asking about this in a discussion forum, but got no answer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Major issues with the tests not accepting Chinese or pinyin text which they failed to respond to, despite multiple complaints.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The testing in this course is horribly crafted. Not is it only too easy, thus not actually testing students what is learned, the answers for some of the questions are incorrect. On the very last quiz, I was not able to finish the course because the answer for one of the questions was incorrect. In answering how to translate "South," the answer should be "nánbian," but when I selected this option, it was marked wrong. Therefore, I have to wait 7 more hours before selecting an incorrect answer to complete the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the efforts of the coursemakers are greatly appreciated, much could be done to refine the quality of the course. Many materials have broken links and the lack of character entry for some practice problems poses an issue as pinyin with tones is rather hard to type.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Despite being someone with spoken Mandarin ability, I have decided to stop taking this course due to the new vocabulary not being explicitly described or explained in much detail. The basic grammar is also skipped over in explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The worst that I have taken so far... please change the teacher or re-do the materials explaining the concepts more!.Or at least give more extra material to understand the concepts better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it is a very basic course, or for people who have very little previous knowledge. The concepts are not very clear. It may not be appropriate for a person who already has college education.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
interesting information but TOO many LONG lectures that were VERY repetitive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
most of it you can't do unless you pay for it. - not sure I can even click 'complete' for the course. so not really a MOOC. - no option for collaboration.Videos had useful content about 50% of the.Week 4 resources was by far the best and most useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Patronising and very poor in content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
These themes felt very surface-level and redundant. The material could likely have been covered more quickly and allowed for more time to be spent on more tangible, every day information that might help those that are not already teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is perfect, however the rating system is kind of disappointing. First, the rating is very subjective, thus I might pay great efforts to my submission but get a grade below my expectation. Second, sometimes I can be busy on weekends thus I want to finish the peer review earlier on Friday, however, there might often be not enough submission to be reviewed, thus I am very pressured to do this with a exhausted mind and body in the evening on Sundays. Could I just pass if there's no other submission to review?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I hope this course can be more systematic in terms of the structure on the concepts and lecturers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is quality implicit in the approach taken, but in my opinion, this course is excessively short, having only 20-25 minutes of videos per week, what is very limiting. Also there is no slides of the material covered what I find not adequate. To fully grasp the theories underlyind in the lectures, slides would be determinant. Just watching videos and doing quizzes is not a very effective form of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's unbelievable is how many way you can rephrase the same idea over and over again, without making any progress in something new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher's voice on first lessons are so flat and plain that is very boring to listen them. I left the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could not get to the fourth course and was asked to pay for it twice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Ended up not being able to take the rest of the courses I paid for because Coursera kept pushing it back... Start date after start date moved ....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel like there should be more teacher involvement within this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
waste of time and moneyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly I cannot believe that this course won't allow people to go an extra mile to make something better and learn more than what course was designed for. How is it possible that I try to do something different and better than what I was requested to do and because of that I got bad gradings because it was different even though it met the projects requirements? I left a complaint and this is the response from one of the mentors "john f davis replied: all I could say is keep your personal touch in your GitHub and submit the nonpersonal touch version to be graded."How is this going to allow the students to learn more if they are going to be graded badly if they do? If we are not allowed to work on something greater? I'm disappointed with the peer grading system but even more with this kind of attitude from a "mentor".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although Parham Aarabi is listed as the professor throughout this specialization, it's a bit of a bait-and-switch. Prof Aarabi is an award-winning professor at U of Toronto, but it turns out he knows little about iOS and has Jack Wu teach most of the material. Jack Wu is probably a heck of a developer but he's a terrible instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course and the knowledge provided is OK. But the peer correcting is really bad, it takes tool long, some people are cheating and if you're unlucky you may not be corrected at all and fail the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad content and instructor. no logistic in place. if you are planning to pay to get certificate. I would suggest look else where. my $279 are stuck in here and they don't reply to forum posts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Definitely they can do a much better job, despite there're many improvements compared to the first course. However, the introduction is lack of logic, and I still find myself lacking of systematic command of the material towards the end of this session. Kind of disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many concepts were crammed into. It isnt basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Where is the actual information ,are some parts missing , are they payed ? uselessThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horribly designed and developed. Jack Wu may be an expert but he does not know how to teach others.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class format -- only quizzes during most weeks, no programming work, then ending with a *huge* programming assignment -- is really poor pedagogical technique. If you're going to teach programming, have programming assignments *every* *week*, instead of dropping a massive assignment at the very end of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Better than the first course of the specialization but the concepts are still explained not clearlyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a) There clearly was a huge amount of criminal behavior that contributed to the crisis. The presenters appear to approach the subject half-heartedly, and focus their energies on disproving the possibility without sufficiently examining it.b) A lot of the review questions focus on remembering facts rather than on understanding the causes and effects. For example, what is the relevance of being able to remember that job losses at the height of the crisis were of the order of 880k a month or 200k a month??c) It is obvious to anyone with even trivial financial expertise that the financial system today is weaker than it was before the crisis. The too big to fail are bigger today (by a large margin) and interest rates are too low (remember the search for yield was the motivation for the creation of the exotic securities which blew up the system). Secy Geithner's focus in week 8 comes across as a personal defence of his actions rather an objective analysis of what was done and should have been done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was no engagement between the course instructors and students at all. It felt like students were running the whole show and discussion forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some good information but very much a political course, not much of an economics course. Stating, as if it is a given, late in the course, that there are times when it is okay to introduce a moral hazard. Erroneously defining fiat money early in the course. Stating, again as if it were a given, that deficit spending is naturally the right answer to a crisis. When politicians and their pawns develop a course should we be surprised that the answer is always more government intervention? Oh, if only we had more tools to stop this, never realizing their role in creating the crisis.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel robbed. I did not get any feedback on my work. Only a classmate gave their ok "yes, there is something written".I did not follow the course to get a "certificate" but to learn and to revceive feedback. If you don't have a special purpose for the certificate - don't pay a cent for this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Capstone itself (Option 1) is very interesting, but there is no really graduated evaluation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed and explained. You do not really gain much knowledge from this course.I would not recommend my friends and basically others to take this course. There are far better courses out there for much cheaper prices.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really useful ~ I would like to email in a PDF of my comments covering this course and the second course in this seriesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Again, I wish the teachers would explain explicitly what is needed for the programming exercise. I felt abandoned by the faculty when I was trying to work out the programming exercise. There is an assumption that we as students know what the teachers are talking about.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have met with nothing but frustration with this course. Though the lectures are understandable, but the readings are comparable but unrelated to the material in the lectures. I also had no kind of communication with instructors, TAs, or other student for help. It is ridiculous that there is NO feedback forums, and this seems to be the only course that handles it that way. If this an institutional decision to not have feedback, it seems that these instructors and/or the University of California, Irvine do not care to help students. I would not recommend this to anyone!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am really sorry that a course with such a good content is ruined by the unrealistic assignement of week 4. That assignment will at least take 6 weeks to do and that should naturally lead to course length of 10 or 11 weeks which would be realistic. So if you pay money for it, start the course and do it till week 4, than pause and do the assignment and restart at a later date in order to comply to the necessary tasks. The creators of this course did not react to our cries of help within a week. Poor support from them - the coursera team tried to help but obviously in vain. What I learnt for future courses: I will look into the detail of every assingment before starting and paying. Unfortunately in some courses you can´t even look into the assignments when you haven´t paid. This should be changed. Because I consider it a trick to lure someone into an interesting course and then making it impossible to finish it in the given timeframe. Not being able to see what will be demanded prior to paying may also be a coursera policy problem. So maybe there is a better platform than coursera that lets you to be clear of what is ahead of you. For a learner this is of great value: honesty, transparency and realistic information - because I have to plan and schedule how much time I can take for learning!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course is designed in a way you can not accomplished or get certificate on the proposed timeframe. It was very disappointing to pay for certification and not be able to get it due to issues with the course developers ( a lack of understanding of how coursera works, it's clear they did not care to adapt to a 5 week course) and peer reviewed activities proposed that took over 6 weeks to get done. (further to the course timeframe) The assistance from developers was too poor and never sought to find solutions, which is very strange in a course for coaching. Not the mention video quality that is scary, I could not watch the videos, and preferred to study by reading the transcriptions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as advertized and way too much peer rating stuff--we do all the work the instructor does little or none--too much peer rating stuff which I despise. And there seems to be no way to un-enroll.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
nothing i can say that made me jump for joy. i fell asleep half the time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hi!just a terrible course, honestly. couldn't understand a little what was the message you wanted to pass on students.couldn't stand more than a week of this course.Apologies for being over-rudeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Logic can be fun, but this class pretty much kills that spirit by burying it under pretty horrendous and tedious formalization. An intro to logic should be considerably simpler, and with more interesting content and exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really I haven't seen a course with slides till now,No one will be interested to take a course like this, with some slides to read from.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course uses a clunky presentation software. Worse than Power Point. Some sections only have one slide and it takes longer to access the slide than it does to read it. There is talk about a book, but I didn't find one within the course. I didn't get past the second section. I figured if the rest of the course was the same, I'd be better off teaching myself with a text book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would like more tasks to help learn, it's also really really easy to guess your way to the right answer. A _lot_ of concepts, words and specific tools are introduced, with not much opportunity to actually use them meaningfully and feel that one has actually learned a skill (as opposed to temporarily remembered the concepts for the quiz). Was nice not to have to watch videos though, and the slides are good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The use of external tool for no good reason + the lack of written summary makes the course really hard to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
overall: some weeks were fun, some notin some weeks are too many chapters and exercises. I actually think that the exercises are too complicated compared to the examples in the chapters. Sometimes are the explanations in the chapters not sufficient.It would be helpful to know the name of a proof e.g. Perch's Law or law of (the) excluded middle. This would help to find more information and help.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I initially found the week two section very frustrating due to the absence of worded examples (real sentences) that might've appeared alongside the logic-symbols that were being defined. I would put it down to a personal fault, if it were not the case that I grasped the notation fully within minutes of finding another source of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 4 does not give enough explanation or extra resources and makes it unable to complete the exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
probably a very interesting course, but the way of teaching looks very indigestible... no video and no real explanation or examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Personally, I strongly doubt that putting a bunch of slides and a few auto-graded exercises is the best way to learn about logic. Why then Stanford University doesn't just email his students this material and let them work on their own instead of doing lectures?I don't see the added value at all. Apart from being able to discuss the topic in the forum with other online students, what's the advantage in comparison to buying a book and doing the exercises there?This course to me started off with the wrong foot. No info on the starting date of the course until the end of September, when instead the course was supposed to start at the beginning of the month. And now the complete absence of videos. This to me seems more like a fuck up on the side of Coursera, which didn't find an agreement with Stanford University so no material had been produced until now. Then, in order not to completely ruin its reputation, Coursera put a bunch of slides calling it an online course and expecting people to buy this lie.I might be wrong and this could be only my theory and nothing else, however, I won't recommend Coursera to anyone after this. Very bad feedback so far, and the funny thing is that I had big expectations before the start.Hope this will be taken as constructive feedback and not as a complaint.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the content of this course is interesting and well-structured, the way it's presented on Coursera has major problems.As it stands, this is not really a Coursera course; it's simply a Coursera wrapper around some links to a third-party website. All of the things that make Coursera valuable - videos with inline quizzes, ability to download content, the exam format, peer assessment - are missing. In fact, having Coursera as a wrapper actually makes it more difficult to use, because additional clicks are required to access any resource, and nothing is accessible offline. If this course is to be offered on Coursera, it needs major rework to take advantage of the platform.This is a real shame, because there is some great content here and obviously a lot of care has been taken to structure it carefully for the original Stanford course. For that reason, recommend using the Stanford web site directly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher just read the PowerPoint,and his voice makes my sleepy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too simple to be realisticThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It started really well with the deduction and induction ... However, in the later part of the series the explanation and examples were very light and process of creating new models could have been detailed moreThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
THIS course is only good if you have basic knowledge regarding ,materials science and this course is highly based on research papers and research domain . Overall a good course .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sucks....The audio quality sucks, the video quality is also miserable. The topic is good though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course seems to be useful but the tasks become hell. You need either give more information and examples or decrease the complexity of the questions and tasksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion, the sound quality is quite low and this makes it difficult to follow the lectures smoothly. And I found the current response in the FQA section of the course to this problem very unusefull and discouraging... .I am guessing that the course is not really meant for absolute beginners and some previous knowledge of programming and such is needed. I did not have any knowledge in those areas and I found it hard to follow everything mentioned in the course. So, I switched to another course on a different platform to be able to make the best of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mistakes during the videos are only corrected in its review. Often there's a new attempt of Andrew Ng to say something without even cutting out the first attempt. The mathematical symbols sometimes didn't encode at all. The quality needs to be redone, as this was not a completely satisfying experience for an 80USD course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is an extremely basic course. Machine learning is built on mathematics, yet this course treats mathematics as a mysterious monster to be avoided at all costs, which unfortunately left this student feeling frustrated and patronized. So much time is wasted in the videos with arduous explanations of trivialities, and so little taken up with the imparting of meaningful knowledge, that in the end I abandoned the videos altogether. The quizes were basic (largely based on recall of, rather than application of knowledge), as were the programming assignments (nearly all of which were spoon-fed, with the tasks sometimes being simple as multiplying two matrices together).If you are serious about machine learning and comfortable with mathematics (e.g. elementary linear algebra and probability), do yourself a favour and take Geoff Hinton's Neural Networks course instead, which is far more interesting and doesn't shy away from serious explanations of the mathematics of the underlying models.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It shows you some great functions in Octave, but I'm confused about all the Θ₁ and Θ₂ stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would rename this course as Programming Octave with Application to Machine Learning rather that Machine Learning. Once you start the course you will have to focus on Octave rather than on ML topics if you want to do programming exercises. There is no degree of freedom in programming. You are provided with a lot of weird Octave codes which you will have to complete instead of writing yourself from scratch. More than 50% of my time was spent in order to learn Octave and understand (guess!!!!) Octave codes.So, if you really want to learn ML and try it in practice this course is not for you. However, you could just watch the videos whose level is not more that elementary introduction to ML.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am trying from last 5 days to start my enrolled course but error message is displaying Everytime. Kindly solve my problem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturer is very good. The course is not very insightful and on the surface. It is business oriented, it doesn't deal with interesting and challenging academic problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Fairly good videos explaining the material, probably worth 4 starts. However, the written support material should be improved. IMHO the video should supplement the written material, i.e. it should be possible to learn the material only by reading. This is not the case, so frequent pausing of videos and making lots of notes is needed if one wants to commit this course to long-term memory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic and superficial course. Apologies each time derivatives need to be used.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor didn't do a good job on explaining the theory. He moves too fast. This should improve so that student who has less/weak knowledge of Math can pass the quiz. If you are not a Math student, don't take this class. I was hoping to learn about how to program to control the machine/robot but it turns out that this is more focusing on the theory instead. I would recommend to take another course of ML/Big Data from UCI instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Outdated material, nightmare to submit assignments. Badly needs to be updated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
only theory no practice. I don't need math at this point as I don't know even how to build simple machine learning program. Programming assignments come with no explanation. It is not possible to finish this course without learning from other sources on the web, materials attached to this course are not enough to understand the subject. I have trouble understanding what the teacher is trying to teach from the very beginning of course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Was a little too basic. Would have preferred more flesh (both implementational and mathematical) on the bones. I also found it absurd that each time the professor introduced a very basic linear algebra concept he kept saying somewhat patronizingly "this is for the experts in linear algebra". Come on! If one is taking a machine learning course, one can expect more from the students. Otherwise the course ends up being a flaky tap-dance on the surface of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are too many mistakes and misleading statements made in the course material. There were a lot difficulties with submitting assignments in order to move forward in the course. I had to give up because I don't have time to be bogged down like this.The students' comments and discussion would be useful if they can be accessed from within each lesson. I can't make heads or tails of what the discussions were referring to, when they are all clumped together at the course web site instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Low quality video and audioThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Level of difficulty of lectures is not correspond with level of quizzes. In lectures they are talking about simple stuff and then in quizzes they ask you about details they didn't mentioned. You could deducts this information though. But this is exactly the main problem with this course - for quizzes you should deduct and learn by yourself so much stuff, that videos start to be not worth your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course may be great, but the sound of the video is really terrible, this is a big problem for me and possibly to other users, at the point where I decided to stop watching.Please do something about it !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The exercises lead you to the edge of a cliff, then push you off. No guidance. Good luck if you don't already know linear algebra, matrix math, and matlab. I'll be looking elsewhere to learn about Machine Learning. Glad I didn't pay for this course!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
However good the material and lectures may be, the use of an outdated version of Octave (which is not Mac-friendly and exceedingly brittle, to the extent where the supplied code requires manual patching in Windows and Linux) is a complete turn-off and makes it nearly impossible to complete the assignments on time unless you're prepared to spend at least twice as much time debugging your setup as doing the actual assignments.I'll come back when this is done with R or Python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really wish there was an option for one-to-one mapping of the stanford course in its full rigor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Been asked to re-take all assignments *after* paying for a certificate! I wil never pay for a Coursera course again, and I would not recommend my friends to do soThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is ok but the certification procedure is a mess!No statement of accomplishment and you have to retake all the assignments if you want the certificate and had not been verified ....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Why dont you open week2 and rest of the weeks ?? Why the hell are you blocking my learning until ???The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is more an exercise in flexing Ivy vernacular than it is actually teaching. The learning curve is too steep to be useful to the majority of potential registrants. You're interested in this course either to (a) learn something about an exciting and ever changing field and/or (b) to have the Stanford logo on your LinkedIn profile. In both cases, move on. The curve is far too steep to be useful or to merit the countless additional hours of background learning the course should have done to bridge the gap.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is absolute garbage. You get no feedback on your quizzes or assignments and the professor is one of the most boring I've ever seen. It's absurdly frustrating to repeatedly fail without any feedback as to why you're failing.The lectures are clearly from a math perspective, as the prof simply draws what he's talking about on the slides. His hand writing is poor, and he does a lackluster job of explaining what exactly he's doing.Finally, pure lecture with no notes is almost impossible to learn, as there's nothing to read and study.I'd rate this course a 1/10, take the course on iTunes from Caltech instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
is very useful and interesting. But it has high levelThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm not installing anything. Completely app/cloud-based or forget it. Need to do to the teaching of machine learning what ALEKS is doing to the teaching of mathematics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
thinks it's a cool course.but am getting it getting the concepts of the functions. probably needs lots of practice.Wish u all the best...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as I expected. More readings than practices/exercises. Seems more target on traditional statistics than machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's room for improvement, aspects are unnecessarily convoluted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was not useful for me. The professor talked about the idea of data analysis without ever discussing how to actually perform data analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course but not good from coursera to not give honor certificate like it used to give.edx still gives..very disappointed with coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed in this course. Light on content and heavy (especially in week 3) on political bias towards one political persuasion. Highly biased and controversial statements by those in videos are taken as fact without any attempt to question it. I expected a course to talk about elections and apply it to 2016. Instead what is here is a course that not so subtly seems to have an agenda. Not good for academic discourse. I believe this is my first negative review in my 3(?) or so years on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Asked for more feedback for peers that found my final paper insufficient. Received nothing! Asked for guidance from staff. Received nothing! Excellent course with great content but I have issues with the evaluation process when peers and staff do not participate in the advertised methods of communicating their concerns with my work!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Rather uninteresting presentation. I found it hard to become interested in the course or Kierkegaard after having high hopes of truly enjoying it. The best parts of the lectures were when the instructor was taped at venues pertinent to the course. The peer reviewers were not always fair, in my opinion. I'd spend my time elsewhere, personally, especially since this course was something for my own personal edification and not a requirement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Geared towards ESL students. I had signed up thinking it was for native English speakers, but it was more of a English 101.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course contains quite some useful information, but overall it seems way too simple. Most of what it talked about were the basics and what common high school students would know. It could be much better if its depth could be made higher.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sadly, this course is at the high school level at the most. Very disappointing to see it listet here as a university course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very low material not enough examples ( full emails)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is great however we have to pay to get all tasks or a certificatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You can't do the assignments unless you pay the subscription. The founding idea of MOOCs was to make education more accesible. How do you test your knowledge if you can't submit assignments? I understand paying for a certificate, but I don't want the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it is good for non-English native speaker. + it is not free.i liked most the additional material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overall this course was very shallow and only touched the surface on the matters discussed. The professors refrained to only mention a few cases of how companies dealt with certain matters rather than provide the tools used in order to reach those decisions. Also, the title of this course barely matches the expectation one has about the contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Huge backlog of assignments from other sessions of the course that are waiting for peer reviews makes it very difficult to get your own assignment peer reviewed, even if you submit before deadline. Course content is not substantiated with research. Assignment instructions and grading criteria are badly misaligned, which is probably why there is such a big backlog of old assignments from earlier sessions.The person responsible for the course should take the following actions:1) Aligning the grading criteria with the assignment instructions2) Clearing out the backlog of assignments that have not yet been peer reviewed. I estimate that there are 50-100 still pending review, many were submitted almost one year ago.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unlike the previous course in this sequence, this course provided little to no substantial information. While I fully agree with the premise of the course, the importance of leadership communication through storytelling, this course presented no sources, psychological research, or evidence to defend its arguments. It provided great "lay advice" with little to no research base. I would not recommend this course for anything beyond casual reading. It is not substantiated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material was beneficial but I would have found the course more helpful if there were weekly assignments rather than one assignment at the end of the course that incorporated all of the principles.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too simple, seems like a introduction for MBA classThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Topics were basic but good, but I cannot understand why a physics undergrad with no screen presence and mispronunciations was asked to lead this course instead of the MBA professor who was advertised. I found that there were at least a couple of places that were ageist and overly simplistic in talking about retirement planning and there were moments that there was a paranoid anti-government vibe that I found off-putting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Powerpoint slides were never offered in this course even though they were supposed to be. No follow up from teacher or teacher assistant.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
weather its an act of self-interests or not, I don't really care. fact is after viewing few videos into the starting point where the legit content should appear, I decided to stop; it is a waste of my time.he is either not teaching and providing the real solutions or he doesn't really know much; full of trash talk in generality, negativity on points of view, and outdated methodology that is not practical in the 21st century.I have proof to my review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
13 weeks long? This is basically his class syllabus transferred to a MOOC! The first video was a ridiculous waste of my time. The videography was totally unprofessional. Shaky camera, this long walk and football kicking with a brain on the football field??? The audio is horrible... use a mic. I signed up for a neuro course, not an advertisement of the campus. This guy needed an Instructional Designer to help him condense and build this course into something digestible. This is MOOC, not a college course. I am horribly disappointed at the quality. I needed an overview of the main components of Neuro Medical Science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Peer reviewed assignments are a joke. Assignment was "Not Verified" which is not possible seeing how before you submit you have to verify assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This capstone project is a bad joke and I'm gonna tell you why!First, ESSEC TAs were never available! We had to contact Coursera several times for weeks to get a simple yet not helpful reply from ESSEC. And it was too late for anything, really... Remember, the whole project lasts for 4 weeks only!Second, several documents required for the weekly assignments were missing! It's fair to say we were all free-styling (i.e. making wild assumptions) our ways through the entire capstone due to lack of necessary information.Third (and most importantly). most of the participants didn't have any basic business background whatsoever. Be prepared to get a bad grade from someone who's clueless about hotel business, not to mention revenue or demand management. That really makes you wonder how these people even passed the last three core courses....Forth, this capstone is great for those who just want to get a certificate for the sake of having a certificate. Did you notice those 4 or 5 star ratings with no written reviews? Yeah, they were probably trying to show their appreciation for the easy certificate. After all, it's easy to walk away with a decent grade when there's no one knows what's going on. ANYTHING GOES! However, if you are a serious learner who wants to actually learn something, run away from this capstone. You will be thanking me later.All in all, a horrible experience and I wish I could get those 4 weeks of my life back!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material is outdated and course assignments failed to challenge thinking and encourage critical engagement with the content provided.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Does not include latest developments in this industryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too many information just to be said.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt like this course was too repetitive. Basically, all I learned were from readings and textbooks. Video lectures were repeats from those contents. I did learn useful tools for web analytics, but I wish the instructor put some of his original insights rather than presenting articles written from other people.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecture presents Google's ZMOT marketing model, how it benefited (and shaped) marketing research and strategies to increase conversion and loyalty. It is a good contextual introduction if you never heard of "search engine marketing", "cost per acquisition" or "click through rate". If you know the basics, it is probably not a good use of your time.I didn't like that the content feels like evangelism for (paid) google services, and most sources of the course are either random blogs or related to interested parties (google, twitter). I still learnt a couple of cool metrics I didn't know about, but the course didn't bring any added value to the blog links provided.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very boring presentation of the materialThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments were uninspired and some questions were weird. Also, this textbook is horrible, and is presented in a very inconvenient format (PDF-only, two book pages per page of PDF so you can't effectively read it on a phone).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course introduces some basic concepts but fails to deliver on the objectives set out in the initial module description by barely listing out most topics through a very narrow, linear approach instead of delivering an actual in-depth explanation and commentary on the subject. Some more advanced learners will also find some tools to be out-of-date and some areas - very Google-focused.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Provides a comprehensive overview, however it is heavily lecture based. Would be nice if more interactivity was built in, via pop-up questions during the lectures and practice problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a very introductory class, only works for newbies of digital marketing.Maybe it's a good start point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't feel like the videos were helpful in explaining and offering guidance. They were boring and basically repeated everything given in the readings. The delivery should be improved. Kevin Hartman was clearerThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am taking the Digital Marketing Specialization and this has been the poorest course I have taken thus far. The instructor is obviously reading directly from a script because of her constant long pauses between words and how frequently she gets lost when presenting information. She also clicks to new slides and bullet points at the wrong time which is very disruptive. The information presented on the slides really does not summarize what she is saying at all and I constantly had to refer to the transcript to get the information I needed to write down.The assesment questions for this course are also quite poor and a lot of the time need to be further researched online. The quiz questions also seem more involved than the lectures presented and can need some researching as well. I was looking forward to this course and I am disappointed. The instruction for this course seems like she does not the subject well enough to provide insight and quite possibly as if this is the first time she is giving a lecture/presentation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just following a text book, without an added value from the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much theoretical.This course should not be a separate course.It can be a part of other course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Awful teacher and explanation and materialThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures were nothing more than a person reading from the reference text. There seemed to be a lack of understanding of the material--even the jokes were taken from the book (without credit to the author).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very boring lectures, the professor should not read the slides, but actually try to speak her own words, because this is causing lost interest and as a result less attention paid and less knowledge received.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This type of course structure may work at an undergrad level, but for continuing education it is sub-par.The video lectures were the instructor reading the slides, reading from the course reading, or showing videos that were listed in the course reading. The course quizzes had too many questions that focused on memorizing details from the case studies or a statistic shown for a bit in the lectures rather than try to foster understanding of the material.There were some technical issues such as links from the course readings expiring and not being replaced, in-lecture questions dealing with a subject matter different from the topic of the lecture, etc.The one good thing from this course - it uses a great textbook (free), which provides lots and lots of useful data and insights into digital marketing - and this is the sole reason the course gets 2 stars instead of 1.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a total disappointment in comparison with all the other courses from this specialization.The quality of the course is very poor:- reading links are outdated and not available;- assignments are superficial;- tests consist of questions which do not make you think but make you memorize unnecessary numbers;- lectures are presented poorly. They are read from the screen and you feel that attitude. Very often they include videos from reading.The course feels like an outdated or a class for mentally defective: read about it, then we'll repeat the same in the lectures, then you'll pass the test with the same kind of questions, then we'll ask you to make an assignment, answering the question that has already been discussed three times once again. Do not bother to think, just repeat, because that's what necessary.I struggled to finish this course only because of the whole specialization and a great job which has been done by all the other professors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
was boring. nothing interesting here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not like the teacher but I did like the course material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class is more of a Marketing 101 class than a digital marketing class. Interesting, and probably a great class for someone looking for the basics of marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Totally useless.1) Why is she speaking so so so slow? I put the playback rate at X 1,50 in order to be able to understand her.2) She is just making a summary in bullets of the readings that we are supposed to read anyway. Nothing new in the lectures.If it was not a part of the Specialization I would never follow that course, neither the other one taught by the same professor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is very bad. She made the lectures so boring with her lack of preparation that I switched to just reading the transcript. The assignments were lacking in case studies and were very textbooky. I could have skipped this course and simply read from the E-book. Tried to get a refund but its too late so I will have to force through this one and the next. I hope it doesn't adversely affected my grades as I have scored above 96% in the previous 3 courses in this specialisation. Very disappointed and frustrated. I came to Coursera to avoid teachers and teaching styles like this. This really shakes my confidence in Coursera for future courses. Im definitely not going to pay for any courses in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly didn't learn much from this course. The majority of content is simply common sense, and things you'll know if you've spent any time on the internet in the recent years. The good parts were the evaluation of different marketing channels (traditional and digital) and various stats on how people spend from the industry (ownership of TV networks, time spent per day on different media, etc.).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very much information and lesson to learn deepThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
all video lectures feel like they are just read from a paper and it takes a lot of effort to follow and engage. It is the 4th course I'm taking to get ma digital marketing specialisation and is far off the poorest. The slides don't make much sense and a lot of times I have to research stuff again on other websites to actually get the point. The quiz questions are sometimes not related to the topic. It seems like, the professor does not know enough about the subject to speak freely and engaging about the topics. I'm quite disappointed about this course and can not recommend it. I think the course should be worked over. A great example of how to do it right is Aric Rindfleischs lecture, which was engaging, challenging and very well structuredThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first week was a bit dry but improved the following weeks. Articles we read were interesting and the assignments were engaging. Since I wanted to achieve a high grade, I found that the weekly assignments took longer to complete than described.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor is not engaging at all. Presentation skills are poor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very light in useful contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not up to my expectations. Compared to the previous modules in this specialisation, the lectures are dry, the presenter is not focused and slides are sometimes mixed up. The reading material is great and a definite plus is that it is free. But the lectures should be more practical (not just the bullet points of the book), and the weekly assignment should not be a chapter summary question. The course developers should have taken the time to develop a case study for each topic, like in the first module in this spec. I highly recommend reviewing and improving the content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The presenter in this course is hard to follow and does not have good slides. She often does not put her bullet points or lists on the slides ( I am a visual learner and she does not provide enough on screen info) She is really uncomfortable and makes it really hard to listen to her talk. She struggles through the entire presentation which is just super distracting. Content is good though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is insufficient peers to review. The content is mostly theory from the e-textbook.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course less engaging than the previous ones in the specialization. I would have appreciated if the video lessons were focusing more on commenting case studies; in many cases I had the impression that the Professor was simply reading the slides...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course could have been more interesting. It was very dry with just slides and majority of the examples were not explained well. Especially the one about the marketing plan was not about plan but about presentation skills. This course content definitely needs update.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This instructor is god-awful, I'm sorry to say. By the 3rd week, I stopped caring about this class, and my grade for that week definitely expresses my disinterest. I'm having to force myself to finish it. Has she ever taught a class before? I felt like this was her first time. Uninspired - not looking forward to her next class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lessons on presentation skills and traditional media should have taken just one one or two minutes, and one or two slides, at most. The details and time invested really had little to do with digital marketing or the digital landscape. The use of the hand-written pros and cons was an unnecessary novelty. Regular bullet text are more readable and technically more reliable. Most of all, the presenter's style was distracting. It seemed that she was unsure of her subject matter and script. I recommend re-scripting and rehearsing the presentation -- before re-shooting it. Finally, with the rapid pace of change in digital, we should not be using reading material more than two or three years old. Five years is tantamount to a generation in the digital world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor is just reading the text. Not really a good example of interactive e-learning content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Wow that was a waste of my time.So many broken elements, mistakes etc. Last minute rush job putting this course together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not as good as the ones that are part of the Digital Marketing specialization. It was hard to keep traction and interest to finish it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor needs improvement on her presentation skills. She is just reading off the slides instead of providing more examples and scenarios to help student comprehend the material. I have to retake almost every quiz under her courses. In previous courses, I passed quizzes in one try. Please improve material or get a better instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor just re-iterated text and readings. Lectures were poor and provided no insightsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible course.... the instructor just read out of the power point. No examples or case studies or insights.very disappointed in the class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was my least favorite of the course. The questions were out of order, the videos and lectures were terrible and dryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For multiple modules, the questions were out of order. Some of the videos didn't seem polished to the point that it made me think it was not the final edits?Also, from other Coursera courses, I really valued interviews and summaries that highlighted the key points (vs a summary of the topics convered).Finally, the module quizzes didn't seem to highlight the key points, but instead had questions specific to not-so-important details (e.g., which agency created the MB campaign).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
based on impressions after module 1:-quality of lectures: just dry material from books. not engaging- repetitions (videos in reading materials and in lecture) sometimes feeling that it is waste of time-quizz questions are hardly connected to lecturesdisappointed and discouraged. give a try to module 2 and will see.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course seems to have interesting content and presentation, but the quiz concerns the materials not covered in lectures or readings (be it required or supplementary). This is totally confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Incorrect references, subtitles that do not follow the video. Questions in the questionnaires that have not been studied and which one does not even know where to find references. The worst course of this certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Un-organized, scattered non professional course. All the materials keep changing during the course. Materials in each module includes readings and exams were not related. Though, I enjoyed the other courses in this series and think they were great, but I am afraid this one was a real disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Shouldn't be presented as a course that is also suitable for English speakers. It is not. The "English" subtitles are completely incomprehensible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
they have to put a note that this course is just for Turkish students not for international .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only one star as it was not made clear you could also get 1/5 points in assignments noted as ties but no further explanation. I don't think I will bother with part 2The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as advertized and way too much peer rating stuff--we do all the work the instructor does little or none--too much peer raqting stuff which I despise. And there seems to be no way to un-enroll.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I advice NOT to take this course.Why: the professor is never there to read your assignments. He leaves that totally to other students like yourself, to grade your written assignments, and, they do not read and give you a RANDOM grade in 2 seconds.Don't take it, you will waste sooo much time on this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos lag behind, and the readings the first one of the first week, the link was brokenThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
instructor advice is primarily to 'use stack overflow'.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course can be summarized as: "OK, here are some tools that can be used: now read the documentation, Stack Overflow and some papers that we give you links to". Each week there are just few videos. What I expect from a Course are baby steps and clear guidance about good practices. Of course you can learn it all from the Internet - I am taking a Course to get something I will not easily find elsewhere: a good teacher who will guide me through optimal approaches.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was not nearly as valuable to me as the first course in the series. It breezed through a bunch of different plot types without explaining in enough detail what they would be used for or when you should choose to use them. At the same time, it also didn't provide enough clear examples of how to do basic things in matplotlib, which seems to me to be a very non-intuitive thing with poor documentation. I found the first assignment to be very difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think there there is too much time given to the esoteric of what makes plots pretty rather than the nuts and bolts of how to do it and the limitations of using Pandas and Matplotlib for real world dataThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I could not upload a correct video as I do not have the knowledge to do so but I didnot get to finish the course which I think is unfair. There should be some other ways of uploading the homework. I have given two stars not because the course is not good but because I was unfairly given less marks and as below70% is not passed did not get to complete the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am really not sure if you need 20-30 minutes videos to explain the material - I think maybe 7-10 minutes clear with some good examples would be more helpful, I fell sleep during some of the lectures, boring, long and not sure if necessary - on the other hand I guess 20-30 minutes is good because you learn to put up with arguments and clear them up yourself - also maybe this course was directed towards high school students thus the long explanations -Overall, as I said on the beginning, it would work better with clear definitions and some examples and discussion board -The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teacher has difficulties speaking English and is really distracting that has bad audio in some of the lessons. Poor quality overall.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is not for free and misleading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a little propagandist, but interesting with that in mindThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For pay quiz feedback is not part of the MOOC education movement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great course, but it's misleading. doesn't tell you from the start that you have to pay for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Might be an instructive course but the guy who presents it is really creepy. And knowing he was involved in the official 9/11 report makes him hard to believe on any issue.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lazy reviewer gave me the score of 0 and left me this comment: "I am not able to give any score, I tried very hard to understand the matter but it was difficult for me. I have to score it just for me to check the other student's work. Please don't consider my scoring here." I studied hard and received this poor evauation. I screamed for help many times but no one replied to my request. The quality of the course is superb and my experience is completely ruined by a shitty score which does not reflect my work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I couldn't get passed the Starbuck assignment, I don't really understand why the choose such a bad application of digital marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really poor approach to grade this course. Regardless of the effort put in on assignments, peer reviews are inconsistent, unguided and poor as a result, bringing down the final grade one is likely to obtain on a course. There is also a limited course support from the staff and no feedback in general for any of the issues raise. Personally I would not recommendThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Video is of poor quality, instructor distracts you picking up his glasses from his nose every 5 seconds, reading outdated (you can suggests books from 2000 on Digital topics) and last assignment is based on a website that is not longer online.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Someone who doesnt pay doesnt really participate in this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have to apologize this course was so out of date. Yes, I learned a few things, but the recommended reading was from 2010 and 2011. One of the assignments was about an app that no longer exists. Had I not already purchased multiple classes I don't think I would continue on. I hope the next classes are more up-to-date.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No guidelines for peer review assessments, technical issues, very clunky website.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course to be very basic. I appreciate that Marketing requires a broad interaction, but a course designed to take 4 weeks (with 2~3 weeks of actual content) is too much. I need to learn about cost-per-click, impressions, ROI on ad spend - that sort of thing. I don't see how 3D printing is relevant to the majority of people in marketing today.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So academic... Interview with students has no value and no point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content needs to be updatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Contrary to what is being billed here, all the concepts here are from the more traditional school of marketing. The way the 4Ps are explained and applied (through barely) related to consumer products that are retailed. Digital marketing has barely made a dent in their revenues.Technology products don't follow this model.Another annoying aspect of this course is that things are not well defined so they can't be applied. "customer co-creation" is presented as a ground breaking idea but it is defined so vaguely. The definition states that customer co-creation is any contribution by a customer or otherwise that helps shape the products. What is considered contribution? Is product feedback contribution? If so, this idea is as old as a Bazaar. Or does the customer actually have to do creative work, in the case of Threadless.The big problem with this course is that it does not introduce the student to any new mental frameworks, leave alone anything practical. This course is a prime example of academiaitis - ideas created in ivory towers without any practical input or use.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Paid for the course and never took it. Terrible professor teaching the course, the format was poorly put together, and just wasn't overall a very good course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course dedicates an entire week to very simple topics. The lectures could use some serious editing too. To help you understand what I expect, I'm taking this at the same time as I'm taking Wharton's Week 1 Entrepreneurship program. I've also taken Wharton's Intro to Marketing course which I highly suggest over this course. The quality is dramatically better. Getting Started: Agile Meets Design Thinking is a University of Virginia course that also is a great example of how these courses should be done. I'm hoping the next courses in the Digital Marketing Capstone are much better so that I'm not watching a lecture and counting how many times the professor pushes his glasses back up.On the plus side, I did like the engagement this course encourages by forcing you to go to other websites & accomplish things as well as review your peers work. I wish your peer reviews had less of an outcome on your grade though. In my experience, many people did not even read the instructions on how to review the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the content was quite interesting; as someone new to marketing, I was really looking forward to the lectures and exercises. However, the content was simply too much for me to complete. It's a bit ironic that a course about marketing missed its market. To give a bit more detail: there were 12 video lectures, 3 assignments that had to be done days before the end of the week to be peer-reviewed, and then I had to peer review others work, while also going through all the assigned reading. It seemed more like a courseload for a full time student or perhaps a part-time student. As online students typically are neither, I'm surprised the course content wasn't better managed. I take a lot of notes, so perhaps that's what slowed me down, but I also have a full time job and I intern on the weekends. I was hoping this course could easily be done in the evening hours. Other coursera courses provided an excellent balance of content and courseload, I'm disappointed that this course wasn't one of them. It seemed very useful and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course, but NO Statement of Accomplishment certificateThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't start this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos are long and not engaging enough. Rather than digital marketing concepts, this was more an application of trends to traditional marketing concepts. Some of the topics are already outdated and some assignments were more applicable to those residing in the U.S. or are not exactly feasible to do at this point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't think that this is the best course for people who want to learn about Digital Marketing. The learning process is very slow and sometimes I felt that more could be learnt by just reading a number of books or articles on this topic.There is no dialogue with the professor (or anyone who has more experience or knowledge, the assignments are checked by people who are also taking this course. Though one would expect to learn from the assignments and mistakes he or she makes during it. Instead some people who have ideas, maybe even wrong ones, about this specific area of knowledge, judge your work (I could be also wrong about those things and have to grade somebody's work, which is a bit confusing).Besides, the assignments are not very interesting or challenging. I wouldn't recommend passing this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
IMHO a very superficial course.Lots of outdated material (user-generated content was a big thing 5 to 10 years ago, not anymore). Lacked going in depth.It discouraged me from pursuing the rest of the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had high expectations of this course, but must admit I'm pretty disappointed. Navigating the course feels unintuitive and clunky. Not sure if that's just a Coursera thing though. The actual content (video) looks great, but is unfortunately exceedingly brief, so much so, that it feels like this entire course could have just been a single article. In fact, there's not much presented that really benefits from the video format. Most 'instruction' in the course is centered around brief talks, or artist interviews, and thus you're often just looking at two people talking, or an artist showing you their work while they talk. You never even see anyone draw to my recollection.The 'work' in the course feels rather 'phoned in' at times too. Questions such as "What did you find interesting about the video you just watched?" seem unnecessary, and too elementary to contain any real value, especially when the videos are so brief.Having said all that, I DO think the people who made it are genuine, and have passion for comics, and comics education, and I'll continue to follow their efforts on that front.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher lacks the ability of mathematical description, including clearing defining concepts, describing everything in mathematical languages, and showing math formulas of t-tests. She hopes to hide everything behind the canvas and just show how statistics are applied. But without enough mathematics nothing she said makes sense. I have to search on the internet to get to know what she didn't teach.------from a math phd.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So much disjointed information.... I felt absolutely crushed trying to learn and understand all this. Am waiting for another 8 hours before I can reattempt the quiz.Personally, I feel that this course assumes the student is automatically an expert in statistics (simply due to completing the first intro to statistics course). The logical progression of how to approach different problems - and the terminology of the statements involved has been thrown out the window...If you're new to statistics, I suggest you should at least double the time allocation they provided...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you have higher education, and studied derivatives and matrices, this course is a quick review and test of your skills. If you never studied course subjects, you would hardly be able to learn them through this course. I completed it as a part of specialization, that's the only reason.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was painful to work through the videos at first place, for more than one reasons. Very linmited (I would say insufficient) and inconsistent use of background data (diagrams, equations, symbols,pointers) on the board to support what was been talked about. It felt like a plain reading of mathematical expressions and descriptions. As a consequence I had to completely rely on the www to learn the topics covered so I could do the exercises. If that is how the standard of tutoring is to unfold for UoL Global MBA program (to which this is a foundation), I would seriously reconsider my decision to go for. I have been into a MOOC UCL and regret to say this course (Quantitative Foundations for International Business) is a big disappointment. Hope someone listens and thThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was painful. The videos were so terrible in explanation, clarity, and relevance that I ended up going to YouTube to watch the topics, and other websites to read the content relevant to the subjects. This must be improved.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has little or no information, not at all what was advertized, too much peer stuffThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Personally felt this course have a lot more potential. The explanations in the lectures felt very robotic especially when describing the scripts. At times the lectures slides felt like displaying the subtitles and reading off them. A lot more diagrams could have been illustrated for explanations. I have to watch other videos in youtube to get a better grasp of the concepts.Good thing is that this is an introductory course, and the codes are given.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not good at all.We see different processes without anyone making clear the reason why we should apply this processes ,under which conditions and what is the question that we have to answer when we apply these processes.The only good is that we get into some new terms and see new things.I could say that for me,it wouldn't make such a difference if it wasn't in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Actually i want rate 0, as the instruction for the installation of new tools are quite vague and misleadingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not impressed with the teaching style.Seems that lectures were being read and not taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was not impressed. (And not impressed with this automatically centered text box either.) There was far too much very technical detail that no one save those working for hedge fund developers would ever use. The volume of analysis they suggest is overwhelming and impossible for the average investor, and when all is said and done, worthless. The market moves on news, rumors, scandal, etc; think Enron, Worldcom, Texaco, et al. None of the concepts presented in this course would have prevented you from investing in those companies when they were beginning or in their prime.I'm about to become a registered investment advisor. I took this course looking for ideas to improve my recommendations. No go. This was terrible.In addition, the presentation was presented by automatons I think. They rarely looked at us, they read flatly from the prompter. A good text to speech program could easily have replaced the "teachers".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
need a sub. can't not understand what he is sayingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
need to pay to submit quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course assumes that you are familiar with freeRTOS.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course feels pretty shallow and it ignores all the interesting stuff like proofs. There is no written material available, so if you can't follow the lectures, poor you. Quizzes aren't very well formulated and sometimes the correct answer is more of a matter of opinion rather than a hard fact. Evaluation seems to be based solely on peer review and there are no model solutions available, so the points you'll get may vary depending on how your peers understood the assignment and if they were interested in the review process at all.My overall feeling is that nothing was quite challenging on the course, and I didn't learn much more than what I could have learnt by reading a few paragraphs per topic from Wikipedia. I also felt that the programming assignments were quite disjoint from the core, tough I don't feel like I understand the core better than before the course because none of the assignments made me think why something works, rather than that we just mechanically reproduced the examples shown in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not what I was expecting to learn from this course. The course syllabus seems very good but the actual lectures are not good. I would not recommend this course to any one. I don't think we can call this as introduction of HRM because it doesn't give us any knowledge related with HRM. The only new term to me is the high-road vs. low-road, the rest is the common sense to me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
pure information, a lot of "wThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course feels quite weak, especially for the paid course, for these reasons:Models (Leader as Mentor, Coach, etc..., CTFAR model), which are given in this course, are given as is, with no references on how they were developed, authorship, and how good the results of application are.Almost no (just one) external references for reading to better understanding course material.The amount of material (about 3 hours of video, 4 quizzes, 2 discussions and 1 assignment) doesn't feel like it's a month's course, more like a one/one-and-a-half week.No references on topics, described as "hard" during the course (for example, identifying your values), which would make this topics less "hard".No instructor interaction on the course forum (I don't know if this should be like this or not, but it still feels bad).However, the final assignment is good and practice oriented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I understand that this is a project centered course, however I do not feel like I walked away with a solid foundation of what goes into creating synthesizer sounds. Sure I learned that I can change parameters within a synthesis program and thereby get various sounds, but that's about all. I was expecting to gain fundamental understanding of the various parameters and what they really do and a more solid understanding of the process of creating custom patches rather then following an example and subsequently making minor adjustments so that it fits my style.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos are very static, the content good but the course progresses in a rather slow way.The thick Dutch accent and the lack of diversity in the speakers profile is rather paramounting (but I have followed only the first three chapters).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It does not fully utilize the power and possibilities of a MOOC (students cannot study at their own pace, there is no live interaction, standard quizes and assignments), which is a bit ironic.Peer-reviewing really brings down the quality of the feedback. Not everyone is capable of testing, evaluating and giving constructive feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As it is, unfortunetly I can only rate it as a 2/5. The lectures are presented in a reasonable way, but this is a somewhat technical course, for wich additional materials would need to be mandatory. There are no slides for the lectures, the instructor mentions chapters of a book and does not provide the materials to students pursue a more effective way of studying the materials. Also, the quizzes are excessively challeging taking into consideration that the only resource availble to students are the videos. In my opinion, presenting a course that only has videos is not an effective way of learning. To make this course more effective and to allow students to learn more effectivelly and get some learning objectives, more material besides the videos must be made available. As it is, no more than a 2/5 is possible to rate this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really good translation in the subtitlesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturers have poor vocabulary and pronunciation and the videos are very repetitive. They r repeating the same thing in all the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's no support from the staff. The staff is completely absent in the recent discussion forums, it seems they have abandoned the course few months ago.You have your assignments evaluated by only one peer, and that doesn't protect your final grade from wrong evaluations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It would have better if the talking and coding was at the same time so that we can see its relative changes, which we can see in previous course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing new to learn here, this is very dull in contrast to other courses of this spec. I gave up watching the videos after a while and try to pass anyway. Too bad this is part of this spec, I wish Marco or Matthew taught this course too. This course is very hard to follow and not interactive at all. It should take the students through examples, live examples the student can do too, and things the student builds from scratch. This does nothing like that.DON'T take this course if you aren't after the specialisation certificate. It's not worth the time and effort.Too bad this spec includes this course, it shouldn't be here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
was not as good as previous courses in this specialisationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a complete waste of time. The other courses were really good but with this course I:Learned nothing newUnlearned best practises from the previous coursesMick doesn't seem to understand what he is presenting himself at times, the supplied code does not match the video's, the assignments change when I already submitted it (from upload a zip to deploy) and the assignments are copy pasted. I think it would help to take this part out of the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor does not pronounce the words correctly. His English grammar is bad. The terms used are too difficult to understand and way of teaching is too complicated. The PPTs are full of errors and too direct, there is no continuity. I hardly learnt anything from this video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is really poor, I do not recommend this course if you are actually interested in learning anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Fairly poor level of detail - you feel like you end up just learning terms without really getting a proper test on the understanding behind it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is extremely fragmented and it seems like that the instructor is just throwing information at you without caring if you are absorbing any of it at all. I got a headache and lost my motivation to learn the subject!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
concepts on prospect theory is not explained correctlyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I enjoyed some of this course content, but mostly did not enjoy the course delivery. The instructor is very warm and friendly, but not well articulate. Also, the way the course content is extremely segmented into short videos, with 20 sec intros to each video, is extremely distracting and interrupted my concentration. I I felt the videos with Tiffany were unnecessary and a waste of time. Also, I felt there were not enough examples or really life examples, especially later in the course when describing different types of date and analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very theoretical, lack of clear structure and arguments, sadly, one of the weakest courses I've seen on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor is really bad. Had to google most of the topics to understand them better. Not at all up to the usual Coursera standards. My sympathies to the people who have paid for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lack of examples, sometimes it is not easy to understand what lesson is aboutThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs alot more examples, especially where the statistical tools come into play. It would better to separate consumer behaviour and market research, as different courses. Basically, too much theory and too little practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
We are getting basic ideas, but going through all the information structuring the ideas too quickly, with NO examples / limited examples, which is what will teach us the most. Then, we get to the quiz with questions where we have to apply real life examples to the structured learning and it's very difficult. Instead, too much time spent on videos of "role playing" - just spend time giving proper examples we can learn from instead of blasting through them. Furthermore, the professor is difficult to understand a lot of the time.The visuals are the best part of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've taken 4-5 courses on Coursera before and always found the quality top notch. Sorry to say but this particular course doesn't even begin to compare. I'm struggling to even get through the first week of videos. I find it unstructured and rather poorly presented. The important concepts that should be explained are being skimmed over but binary terms and concepts are delved into detail. The first two or three videos have an immense amount of repetition: same sentence/content repeated 2-3 times in a different manner. Coursera and the University should seriously consider re-doing this particular course. If I had paid for this, I would've been very unhappy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i do really disappointed because when professor starts the third & 4th week he was only throwing the information without enough explanation so i had to read more about the topics to pass the quiz .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion, the professor's accent and speaking style makes the content difficult to understand. In addition, the course does not seem to have been properly designedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There isn't any test and the lectures are very boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor has a very biased view of the Islamic world, which is heavily based on his opinion and approach not on the real facts and dominant hisThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The EEPROM project in week 3 is undoable with the specified simulator, as the simulator is simply not functional. I tested different computers, windows and mac operating systems, different browsers, different security settings, etc. Nothing works. The assignment is also way beyond the level of an introductory course. In addition, the complete lack of discussion forums attached to the course suggests that it is preferable to shut off discussion than to address the problems. Speaking of which, a search of the general forums indicate that this has been an ongoing issue since the latter half of 2015. Seriously, what the hell? Many people don't have a ton of extra money to throw away on garbage, and you are selling a defective product.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seemed like the assignments didn't really follow the videos and such. I'm coming from a python background and am totally new to c/c++.. I spent close to 3- 8 hr days trying to figure out how to code a simple read/write to EEPROM . This specialization really needs to spend equal time on the programming aspect.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The weeks 1 and 2 are really good!!!! The weeks 3 and 4 are going to fast and the things that are teached are not connectes with each other well. So its impossible to do the assignment 3 and assignment 4 has nothing to do with what is tought in week 4The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really bad explanation no code explain they left you on your own i'ts supposed to teach you not to left you undestand nothing they just teach components but the real thing the progaming is undeground no one knows that kinda weird :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not in-depth enough. Just barely cover basics of Arduino and a few shields you can use, but fails to go on to build on top of that knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do like the course, but Coursera has disabled discussion forums for this course, which makes it impossible for the students to interact and find answers to problems or discuss possible errors in the example code. Student interaction is one of the strongest aspect of MOOCs. Without it, this might as well be nothing more than a series of YouTube videos.Had Coursera not discontinued the discussion forums, I'd have given this course four or five stars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is almost about nothing. It seems to me that the teacher didn't make enough preparations and make a lot of mistakes during the couse. After 8 weeks of Arduino-related courses I've got almost nothing new besides first 2 chapters of Arduino Starter Kit book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor was completely inadequate. Many parts were unsuitable for this course. He has eliminated the useful discussions among students without explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not feel that I learned as much in this course as in the previous courses of the series. The assignments in particular seemed trivial, and were compromised even further due to some technical problems with the simulator recommended for students without access to actual hardware.This course would be a good candidate for revision, with a focus on gradually increasing the depth and complexity from stage to stage, and on commonly-used components such as current amplifiers and shift registers. Problems with the simulator should not be cause for compromising the assignments themselves, there are other ways to address those problems, many of which were employed by students as they competed their assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was a very enjoyable course up till the end of module three where things went a bit awry; mosty due to the unexplained withdrawal of the discussion forem and the failure of the third party platform to perform correctly at 123D (which left us doing assignments that couldn't be completed with the assigned tools).A big part of the fourth module was about connecting and communicating with the internet via ethernet and wifi. That was a bit lost on me, mainly because i didn't really appreciate why i should want to (I can understand many reasons, but none felt very close at hand). I think it would have been more enjoyable with useful examples and practice.Ok, the course is still worth doing, but i think there is much room for creating a smooth and enjoyable learning process. It felt more like a beta version.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No forum, what are you thinking!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It could have been more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hard to understand professor. When one needs to read the english subtitles to understand the english the professor is speaking, it becomes inherently difficult in an online course. Also, please kill the intro video for each course. It is completely unnecessary as the courses are labeled on the left side of the screen. Good material, but difficult to watch towards the end of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 3 and 4 lectures are robotic - Most material taken directly from the internet. It is just a form of regurgitation of online articles from strategy consulting firms with Quiz's artificially made more difficult with cheap word plays. The lecturer for Week 3 and Week 4 should resign with immediate effect and find a job at a school for lower class students where she can continue to brag about her industry expertise without being so irritating. Definitely not IE Business School material !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lessons are very good but the Assignments for the later weeks are way too hard for people with no math or programming experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was ultimately frustrating to take. There is a gap in the material presented and the skill set needed to complete the assignments. Using optional methods to complete this course, such as to use the textbook and forums, is too time consuming (deciphering a text book) or insulting (forum mentor responses).To to solve the assignments, it usually involved trying to 1. refreshing yourself in math concepts not used by a beginner or non-mathematician, 2. deciphering what exactly the poorly written questions were asking, 3. scouring the textbook or internet for functions or strategies never covered in the lecture, 4. having snarky and unhelpful remarks by mentors.The unprofessional behavior of the mentors was especially hard to handle. Even from the early week's lectures we learned about semantics, and how simple mistyping could lead to programming errors, so I wrongly assumed the mentors would understand that some of us would probably make simple errors. For example, in the final homework I had a simple mistake, but since we cannot show code, it led to more frustration and a mentor basically just saying "we covered this already." I'm well aware of what we covered, but if someone is stuck on a problem, there needs to be a much better way of helping that person. I did not want to write in the forums after my initial foray in the forum led one mentor to just tell me "your logic is wrong", and the spout the same simple strategies of the lecture that could not help on the complex assignment.There probably will not be anything fixed with this course since it seems like it has been the same for years now. Please fix the questions, stop using Project Euler, and let people directly message code to mentors. Will probably save time rather than try to blindly (and frustratingly) explain code over and over again. Ultimately, I felt that unless someone either has previous experience in coding, or has no work to do other than to do this course, it still is not worth it to just obtain a certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course contained unbelievable amount of silly busywork that has no place being implemented in MATLAB, while forbidding the use of most useful built in functions. At no point during the course was any of the MATLAB's strengths -- like easy solving of linear systems or vectorized operations, even suggested upon.Furthermore, the course has unhealthy interest in dates and calendars - again of course disabling all the built in tools.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are considering this specialization I would recommend the Andrew Ng course instead and the main reason is that it isn't depend on proprietary ML framework. Despite the good lectures, the assignments don't help you develop the knowledge required for ML developer role.Taking in consideration the permanent postponing the courses delivery, from summer 2016 to summer 2017, finally the most interesting part of the specialization was cancelled. I'm completely disappointed with the specialization learning expirience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy about course 5 & 6 got cancelled.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No good without the missing course and capstone projectsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This specialization is delayed for months now - very annoying! Don't give them money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as polished/comprehensive as the previous courses (especially week1, week5 and week6). But useful techniques nevertheless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am afraid that this course is, to a large extend, a marketing tool for promoting the instructors' proprietary product. Its use is therefore limited for the practitioners that want a foundation on the free Python data/ML capabilities.I would not recommend this course to my colleagues.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments are well thought out and explain the algorithms step-by-step. The subtitles/transcripts are a disappointment :( . Full of mistakes. Sometimes to the point of being useless or even worse - saying the exact of opposite of what the lecturer says. Since the lecturer sometimes is unclear - this is problematic. As usual - Graphlab Create sometimes crashes, however there are explanations how to run the assignments using Scikit-Learn.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was pretty disappointed with this course. Firstly, the course did not seem well balanced meaning that some weeks--particularly week 2--had A LOT of materials to watch and really felt like it was two weeks crammed into one, and then other weeks barely had anything.Secondly, the exercises seemed unclear, poorly thought out and not really helpful. There were many errata that really should have been fixed in the beta iterations of this course.Thirdly, I really would like to see more application and less discussion of implementing algorithms.Fourthly, the "scaling" section was also a major disappointment. While it is mildly interesting to learn about stochastic gradient descent, I think it would have been more interesting to have a discussion about how classifiers work in a parallelized computing environment or actually to try one out using Spark.Finally, given that GraphLab/Dato/Turi was just acquired by Apple, I question whether it is worthwhile to take this course as ALL the materials are taught using a library that in all likelihood will cease to exist.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos are fine. But, It's SIMPLY TERRIBLE to force people to pay to be able to do the quizzes. There was no such a thing in the first two courses (by the way, I gave high rates for both). It is OK to pay for the verified certificate, however, disabling the functions in the course is a wrong way to earn money, because people who want to learn the course might not necessarily want the certificate, and this is unfair to them because it limits the resources available. This whole Specialization thing starts to make me feel like you guys are in urgent need of money, rather benefiting the community. Remember there are tons of free resources on the internet, and this only undermines your strengths. You will lose tons of potential fans. Stop being seemingly arrogant.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is too slow to keep focus, it's repetitive but not clear when it's really needed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely highlevel, quality of the material is significantly lower than in the previous courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The classes are not practical, and the voice of the teacher is very monotone, boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content seems rather thinner than that of earlier courses in the specialization, and seems to get more so as the course progresses. (Week 6 is entirely spent on Precision and Recall, with only about 30 min of lecture.) It feels like there was a rush to get the course out and that corners may have been cut at the end.And as others have mentioned, several very important classification topics are conspicuously missing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After 2 great courses this one is really disappointing!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good information, but not good for people lacking background knowledge. Lecturer reads off slides and gives very little supplementary information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I understand it is a technical subject but going slide after slide reading the material without any clear explanation, is not learning is just reciting.It would have been better to try and put only half of the facts (we can always search for specific flag) and explain more about use cases.There has to be a better way to pass the materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very Poor Course.Should be removed from Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What is the reason to put together so much details about network packet headers and all other parts of this course? I think this info completely useless here and must be part of any specialized networking course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much focus on remembering specific details and numbers, and too little focus on broader understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assighnment is partly possible only with classmate who has full knowledge of python!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
8 hour waiting period after 3 tries is a pain in the arse. One more try and i would have had it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although the content is interesting, I would have liked it better had the content and the instructor been a little more engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much math! This course was not at all what I was expecting it to be... which could be both good and bad, depending on your own perspective. It concentrates heavily on the logistical side of negotiations via mathematical analysis to figure out "what's at stake" in a negotiation (i.e. "the pie") and less so on learning actual negotiation techniques. I got halfway through the first week before deciding to un-enroll. That said, Professor Nalebuff has a very engaging teaching style and presents each lecture in a dynamic fashion via animation. If you are a math whiz who excels in algebra and can do complex mathematical equations quickly on the fly, then this course will definitely benefit you. If you are like me, however, and looking for a course that will focus more on artistry and practical real-world application, then this course is not for you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Totally not what I expected. Most of it was concerned with mathematical problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My laptop was not sufficiently fast to run Oracle VM (I'm using Ubuntu) and there where no other instructions for how to install the Oracle dbmsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After the first two introductions the course was not for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, I did not find the course overly engaging and only provided very basic information. It would have been more interesting to look at a few things more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The subject matter is of great interest to me but unfortunately Dr. Silverman standing paralyzed before a projected backdrop and lecturing in a monotone doesn't do it. Too much "talking head" (actually motionless body) and too few visuals of course material. I'm sure he's a brilliant man, but an adequate lecturer he is not. If he's so shy he might just do voice-overs. I have dropped the course and will just read the book. I would not, incidentally, rate the course at an intermediate level. Beginning would be more accurate.Onscreen videos are bad enough, being at one remove from the classroom, but onscreen videos of an immobile monotone lecturers will kill any subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was actually very excited for this course, yet it disappointed me. The lectures were monotonous and stiff, I found myself watching the videos on mute with the subtitles on! (p.s. the persons who transcribed the videos should have taken the time to see and hear what they were translating since there are quite a few errors on names, locations, even simple words). I also found the lessons rather superficial, did not "dive" into the heart of this great civilization. Finally, having read a book or two on the subject, the whole experience added almost nothing to my previous knowledge on ancient Egypt. The course is good for those who have no previous knowledge on the subject and wish to learn the basics regarding Egypt, its gods, mummies etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great information, however, the professor who is clearly a specialist just stood and read the lectures. Not as interesting as they could have been.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was disappointed by this course. I thought it was poorly organized and focused too much on trivia and not enough on motivating and contextualizing Ancient Egyptian civilization. I was hoping to come away from this course with a richer understanding of Ancient Egypt. The lectures were surprisingly dry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very limited treatment of the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very interesting subject matter, however, sadly brought in a boring way, resulting in my quitting the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found listening to the instructor just read notes became very tedious very quickly. I had to force myself to finish this course which rather defeated my goal of learning for fun. The only video that engaged me was the very last one set in the artifact lab. I also feel that if you are going to offer transcriptions of the lectures, someone should proofread them. Not to do so is shoddy work and doesn't do Coursera or Penn any favors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Definitely not for a beginner.Wish there were more visuals, and assignments to do alongside the professor. Instead, it is a lecture from Power Points, that don't really line up with the assignments very well.If you have previous knowledge in another language, you'll do fine, but if you're truly looking for a beginner course, look elsewhere. Many assumptions are made by this professor that makes it less approachable by a beginner, IMO.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overall I was disappointed with this course. In the end I don't think it was any better than any of the free online tutorials out there. The instructor spoke so quickly in the videos he was nearly incomprehensible. The explanations were incomplete at best and most of the time amounted to nothing more than "type this... now type this.". I'm well aware that the only way to learn programming is by doing it yourself, but if I pay for a course I expect an explanation of how things work under the hood. I was looking forward to taking the entire Ruby On Rails specialization, now I'm not so sure.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please update the given Gemfile in Homework.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought this course was very disappointing, to the point where I'm not able to finish it. In week one, we learned some basics. In week two, the entire language was dumped on us with no real exercises. Then we were asked to write some programs. The programs didn't build knowledge piece by piece - it was just learn the language, now write these random programs. It was very disappointing. I sign up for courses because I want to learn piece by piece and get to practice each new thing. If someone is going to dump the whole of Ruby on me in 1 week I don't need the class, I can buy a book and get the same experience. There also wasn't a good grader provided. This really took the joy out of programming. I keep thinking I'll come back and finish the class but I haven't so far because I dislike how it's presented so much. A true disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignment is unclear and confusing. The material which is given is not enough , I think the course is good in general but it should focus in building the knowledge more instead of leaving many things on the air and going through the material as if it were a quick review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been more interactive .The ruby course that I studied from lynda.com was far better than thisThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horrible. The tests make very little sense, use elements not described in the course and is generally very confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lacks of structure.References multiple tools/programs "that we won't detail in this course" (... why are they talked about then ?).I'm almost finished but am struggling to find motivation for it.After having done the great "HTML, CSS and JavaScript" course, the contrast is hard to cope with.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately as a course designed to teach Rails, it is poorly paced and has a few issues. The course content is spread out over three weeks as follows...Week 1 they go over setting up a Ruby on Rails development environment, which was fine. They also went over Git and Github. While you can access all of the course content on Github, you are never actually required to use Git for any of the work in the course, and it only shows up as a few questions on the only quiz in the course.Week 2 they cover Ruby programming and syntax. There are a lot of different sources where you can find tutorials and such for learning a new language, and in this course the material was... good enough. They also offered a number of practice assignments with self grading capability which is a nice feature.The graded programming assignment for week 2 gives a lot of information about how to set up your environment and steps/commenting to assist building out your code. However there were a few requirements for the graded portion of the assignment that they don't even tell you about (expected return values under certain situations) until you actually run the grader. They weren't difficult but their reasoning were never explained in the course and it made the code a little more awkward than it needed be to pass.Week 3 is where the major pacing problems occur. There are a number of very broad stroke videos on Rails, as well as several brief videos covering a number of third party libraries or tools sometimes required to build Rail apps. A lot of the content they cover isn't even utilized in the assignments of the course.The week 3 assignment instructions are actually incomplete. They tell you a number of pre-required packages you have to install, including ones you had installed from previous assignments, but they leave out others you will need and leave several development environment issues you end up having to work out on your own.And where as the week 2 assignment was almost overly hand-holdy on showing you where in a ruby file structure to implement your code, week 3 hardly offers any guidance on where or how to implement your Rails structure. The broad stroke videos from week 3 kind of give you an idea as to what each piece of code is doing if your working from a template, but the assignment feels obfuscated when trying to build it from scratch.A major issue also comes from a third party website they require for completion of the assignment (and that requires separate registration to use). During several periods, over multiple sessions of the course, the third party site went down and was unavailable for as long as 48 hours at a time; during which it was impossible to properly run or debug the assignment due to its requirement.What the assignment is asking for isn't even terribly difficult when you do understand what is required, and the code is rather simple and minimal to implement. But you end up having to figure out a lot of that either off site (in which case you are not learning from the course) or by modifying a copy paste of some of the templates/scaffolding from the course GitHub content, in which case you don't get a good reinforcement of the material.In the end I wound up getting a certificate, feeling like I passed despite the course rather than because of it. There is some good foundation for a course in here, but it just falls apart in the third week and lacks any real depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Initially I thought this was a great course, but my optimism quickly dissipated. The homework assignments all required information that wasn't covered in the lectures, forcing hours of searching for answers. During the week, questions in the forums were answered within a day or so, but there was no help at all on the weekends. If I got stuck on a Friday night and couldn't find an answer myself, I had to wait until Monday to get a reply from an instructor or teaching assistant. For those who work during regular business hours and use their free time on the weekends to study, this course becomes nearly impossible to complete.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Wordy, dirge like. The topic is interesting but the exposition is so boring - the reading of a lecture outline - that I'd rather study on my own 8-(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course should be revised. The material was lacking (just static images, no real time coding), overall engagement for the courses was also lacking The instructor sounded low quality and sometimes a bit hard to understand. I could no complete this course, unfortunately.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much work in a week. I'm working and I have finished some other courses which were a bit lighter, although longer in time. I would be mad if I try to finish this course on time. It's a bit disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is by far the worse course I'd ever had taken. If you are a beginner I suggest you go look somewhere else. The software installation is hardly explained (the instructor writes a whole bunch of code in the terminal without even explaining correctly what we are writing). I abandonned this course because the instructions were not clear enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am afraid this is going to be a rather negative review. Having completed over 10 Coursera courses over the year, and numerous other online classes, this is officially the worst. For me personally, the whole course was a complete waste of time. Put it simply, the presenter can't teach, at least not the MOOCs. There were no structure. The instructions were all over the place, and explanations were inadequate. After drumming how important to actually "code", he proceeded to present the whole lecture showing small pieces of codes.... on slides. After touting how cool and useful Sublime is as a developer tool, he didn't even use it. After telling everyone how useful regular expression is but not part of this course (so he won't explain), he went on to use regular expressions for all the sample codes for the rest of the lecture. As mentioned, there was no structure as to how he present Ruby/Rails as a programming platform. It was bits of code here, bits of code there. Beside getting a feel of what Ruby syntax is like, there was no learning. I am aware there are suggested readings, but then why doing this MOOC at all.As I check out other courses from the same Ruby specialization, the student numbers are getting smaller. Hardly everyone post on the forums, I also check the Classmates map. I suspect many simply gave up since the Intro classes were so bad. It's really not hard to find better material to learn Ruby/Rails, even just slightly better, even YouTube videos. I am frustrated at myself for putting in the effort (really try) and wasted days. I am leaving this course and unlikely to sign up any MOOC from the same team again.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course and its related courses are rough around the edges. Things are not always intuitive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor help with instructions. Was trying to install to Linux while reading the video screen as there is little documentation or any actual explanation as to what you're doing. Got to a part where a command on my terminal wouldn't work and given I have no idea how it works to begin with I couldn't debug the issue.Also as a general review of the little of the course I did it's generally considered poor form to just read back what the viewer can see on the screen already when doing presentations. Was disappointed with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It assusmes quite a lot of things about web programming… and the assignments were too complex to just practice what we should learn in an introductory course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad course too fast is not an introduction more like a remember of things, this course try to covers too much information in 3 weeks and the assigments are not well guided and messyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of things (Ruby version controls, PhantomJS installation) from this course don't work on Mac OS X El Capitan.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult to follow with no live coding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had issues uploading the Assigned Homeworks, course was ok, still, a bit complex and fast to be treated as intro to rubyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I hate to write a negative review when the designers of the course have clearly put a lot of love and attention to detail into making it. But...The quality of the code is bad. The quality of the testing code is even worse. This endeavours to teach some horrible practices. That's a shame, because the editing quality of the videos is excellent, the use of git and rspec is likewise commendable.Even worse, it's not entirely clear who the target audience is. A lot of the topics introduced are aimed at complete novices, yet not explained in a way novices might understand. The course needs some serious rethinking and refactoring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lost after 2nd week. I really liked the Python For Everyone Course so I thought I would like this one as well, but it was not done to the same standard. I will find another way to learn Ruby.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No accurate help, no feedback on the graders, 2 out of 3 assignments where not specified correctly, or just wrong... this course will only teach you to be frustrated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Are you a struggling programmer? Someone who doesn't know how to install software via command line? Not experienced with GitHub? If any of those describe you then this is not the course for you. The professors seem to create an environment where if you are too new to anything, then you should take a different course(even though every module has "introduction to .." in the title). Does Coursera offer introductory courses to Ruby or Ruby on Rails other than this "introduction" course? No.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have done the data sciences specialization from JHU and that was 4 star on 5. Compared to that, this specialization is pretty bad.Not worth doing this specialization. Instructors are clueless on the planThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I learned some things that I didn't know from this class. Compared to other classes that I have taken on Coursera, it has rather low production values.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Explanations of concepts are too complex for non-biologist who want to approach the Genomic fieldThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not interesting.To many examples about russian emitentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm actually REALLY INTERESTED on this course, but Erica's accent is TERRIBLE. It's so hard to understand and focus on what she's saying. Had to quit the course because of that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the content of the course is interesting and useful, the delivery desperately needs improvement. The professors speak in an extremely monotonous way, making it seem like they are reading their lines from behind the camera. Just awful, and makes it really hard to follow and stay interested and connected with the topic (even when you're passionate about the subject).I would rather have the course in Italian, and read the subtitles, if that means a more energetic delivery.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Contents are good and interesting, but speakers' english is so low and bad (pronunciation) that the course becomes almost unpleasant.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
italian accent is way too strong.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of the lectures were very rushed and brief. They quote facts and names and rarely bother to elaborate on them. The "interviews" that often serve as a second lecture for the week mostly repeat the first lecture /average duration for both - 5 minutes/Almost no reading materials in english.The translations in English isn't very good.The peer review processes for the final assignment is flawed, since you will be given to review works in spanish and english, with no option to"skip" to an essay in a language you understand. The grading criteria is also flawed. For example the required length of the essay does not seem to be obligatory.The staff rarely bothers with answers in the discussion forumAll in all it is an interesting topic, and a good starting point for your own research. Sadly, It is one of the worst courses i have taken part in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is tottaly unacceptable to have to pay to pass quizz !!!I cancel my participationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cons:-Too dated - links to many of the materials are unavailable.-Instructors knowledge of some the models he cover is questionable (regression)Pros:-Covers a lot of materialsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There have been some undesirable references to equations, in terms of equating modeling to economic growth and investment. I was interested by the syllabus and its outline of theories and the means to use models to study social sciences and systems sciences. After week 1, though, it was not a very interesting course so I considered trying to simply survey most of the videos to gain some more information, not necessarily for any more insight from the Professor from the University of Michigan.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too much theory and not nearly enough practical models that I can use in my life or work. Disappointed so much of the class was spent on describing many different models instead of focusing on ones that can be applied readily.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course lacks for the practice exersises. Instead, the quizes are full of questions like "Present Simple tense is used to write about a special study implemented by a well-known scientist. True or false". The questions of this type are pointless. Still, the videos sometimes contain useful information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The worst Coursera course I have taken. Total waste of time. The lectures are boring and have no real content. The supplementary materials are good though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very high-level introduction, but the analytical part is totally missingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little of use in this course. A lot of academic mumbo jumbo that is totally useless when confronted with the infinite investment opportunities. The student is presented with a number of time consuming/wasting formulas to apply to the decision process.If one ACTUALLY used those formulas, one would still be waiting to buy the first stock.A question from the Week 4 test will demonstrate just how useless this course is:The Situation: "You invested to maximize your wealth over a one year period. You are eagerly anticipating the returns after the first month."The Question: "What part of your brain is being activated?"What's Wrong with this?First of all, who invests in order to make it big in one year. You are trading if that is your goal.Second: who gives a flying fig about what part of the brain is engaged? What am I supposed to do with the answer? How does this, in the least, help me make better investment decisions.I'm done. I was going to take all the courses in this specialization. No more. Waste of time and money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel that this course is not looked after. Teachers are not actively present. There was an error on one quiz and another assignment was very poorly explained, leading to many feeling like we lost marks due to not knowing exactly what was expected of us. Many of the lessons waste time gushing over what's coming next, but quite often the lesson itself feels weak and vague. At some points I struggled to understand the point the lessons were trying to make. I learned a few interesting things, but for the most part I'm extremely disappointed with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have more detail. This course feels rushed and skims over a lot of things without detailed explanation. The quizzes and peer assessments are poorly worded and confusing. Week 4 was excellent, Prof. Godefroid de Callatay's lectures about Magic in Islam were very well delivered and informative.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While this course presents great content and valuable information, the caveat is in the overall experience. The moderators and instructors are nonexistent and cannot be reached. There is only one moderator who finally did his job and showed up to deal with some issues that many classmates were having (including myself), and even his response time is only once every week! So, he only started checking in once a week after I had already nearly completed the whole course. There are also some serious issues with glitches, technicalities and not being able to pass assignments and grade others' assignments. I completed this course a week ago, and many of my classmates are not able to complete it due to extreme glitches, like the system not taking in their projects and not even allowing them to move forward. It's such a shame. I'm the lucky one in that I was able to finish the course. The others? Not so lucky. They're still stuck back there and the staff of this course is really just not around and doesn't care! It's such a shame because, like I said, the material presented in this course is informative and valuable information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel there are many more topics to discuss for this course. I also feel that the topics discussed could be examined in further detail and at a slower pace. And there were times when the speaker was quiet or the microphone didn't work properly and I had a difficult time hearing what was being talked about.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The female lecture's speech is so fast and unclear, even though the subject itself is very interesting but I have to leave this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not in-depth at all, mostly summarizes movie plots. If you're looking for a very light overview of some introductory psychological principles, this course is for you, otherwise, don't waste your time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i dont know why quizzes are locked even though I'm enrolled in this course and already done watching all videos in it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor's voice put me to sleep; he was monotone. Online classes work best when interesting material is married to dynamic speakers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Short of content and engagementThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The subject matter for this course is very, very interesting! The professor does a nice job of layering the complexity from basic concepts to more advanced concepts. However, this is where the "good news" ends. The course is full of all sorts of calculation errors on the graded quizesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting course material, but there were way too many mistakes in the exercise files. I felt we reached a low point when the only way to pass the assignments was to figure out what the instructor did wrong in the assignments, recreate those problems in my files, and then answer the questions "correctly" with the incorrect data. Really bad.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course has many mistakes, especially the quizzes solutions. The staff was not very active answering forum questions. In some way, I felt disappointed taking this course, because the quality is very poor in comparison to the other three courses of this specialization. However, I hope this review helps the staff to improve the quality of this course for future students, considering that the teacher has a great methodology to explain the content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too many errors in the graded assignment. Non-reponsive teaching assistants.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Got as far as lesson six. Took test and received 78%. Have been trying without success to retake the test. There does not seem to be anywhere to try and find out how to fix this.???????????????????????The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The accent,presentation & stuttering is too cloudy & not suitable for foreignersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not all apps wok on my devices so I was unable to do assignment. Apple Annie was difficultThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was by far the worst course in the series.There is a lot of good content in this course that needs to be shared, but I just felt the delivery failed in a lot of ways.Here are some issues1) Often, concepts are thrown out but aren't explained clearly. Speaker glosses over them without giving concrete examples2) The structure of the course is poorly configured. On several occasions, inline quizzes test you on concepts that haven't been introduced until later in the video, forcing you to guess at answers. Also, the assignment portion of the course asks you to submit a word or pdf with images, but it wasn't configured to allow uploads. You could only submit text in a text box. I realized I wasn't the only person with the issue when I graded assignments from others who had trouble submitting their assignment. In some cases, I believe students failed that portion of the course because they could not figure out how to submit. I have some IT background and was able to share my homework through my shared drive fortunately.3) The speaker should re-record his lecture. It was obvious (or at least seemed as if) he was reading a teleprompter. There were many awkward pauses between sentences that made it hard to listen to. Often times, the audio presentation were inconsistent with the words in the slide, making it confusing because I didn't know which I should be following.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There were several technical issues (no submission button for peer-reviewed assignment, right answers listed as wrong and vice versa in the clips, etc.). The lecturer also sounded a bit unnatural with pauses in sentences where you wouldn't expect them, making it harder to process information. The course material itself wasn't bad, but the execution just seemed a little unfinished.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Submit button wasn't working for assignment, assignment was heavily weighted on mobile app (which was the least pertinent part of the course for me), generally seemed disorganized.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hard getting through this course. It is probably because I don't have Adobe Lightroom software. Perhaps if I eventually get it, I will re-visit this course as the tutorials are thorough. I scored it as I did because I think the course title should have Lightroom & Pixlr in there since weeks 3 & 4 dominate those two.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What are you talking about?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Actually a great class on a topic that is highly relevant in theory and practice alike. The problem of this class is mostly one assignment: The statement of problem set 3 is very unclear while the feedback from the grader is too little to improve anything. Forum didn't help either. Despite my arguably strong technical background I had to give up at this point since I simply cannot invest arbitrary amounts of time. Too bad for the rest of the course, which I was looking forward to a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not so good Lack of interest and practicabilityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Well structured in terms of content and the basic framework. But the delivery is dull. Yes, I know it is Phys Chem but I do think there must be ways to Jazz it up. Gave up after Week 6, so I cannot comment on the whole course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course gives introduction of plenty of artworks from MoMA, but it will be more interesting if it shows more details and explanations about the artwork itself or the background of the time and the society.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
repetitive content with other MOMA courses (seeing thru pictures)?? duh, not gonna pay $50 for this. :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quiz was not well structured and title suggested a different idea than what the course was really about. Its a teachers guide.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is solely for teachers, on how to tech art to elementary school pupils. Very basic. Most of the content is available on the MoMA's website. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad teacher. extremely disappointing !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nice idea, but too many technical difficulties. I tried to complete quiz 4 nine times and eventually passed the deadline. And in order to submit my final assignment I had to embedded my images into a word doc and export it as a PDF... I won't get extra marks for being able to work THAT out! ; )I did enjoy the rest of the course though. Thanks for all your efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A really interesting course on a fascinating and often misunderstood topic. It could be vastly improved by doing away with the peer assignment review requirement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The concept of this course is unique and pretty interesting, but videos are too short, basic and non-specific, they have vague connection with the rest of the materials. And the design of the tests and assignment is just awful. The questions with multiple choice work wrong: marking all the right answers is not appropriate, you must choose the "all of the above" option, but it is wrong because of formal logic. The correct option here is only to match all the answers and the "all of the above" line. Also many questions are debatable, and there is no answers in the materials for the course. And, finally, the uploading of the last assignment was just impossible for more than a week, and I don't know if it will ever be possible. Bad experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was a very interesting course, however it was biased toward Spanish history with the inclusions. I was really more interested in what I thought the course was supposed to be about anyway, Medieval Manuscripts. I had a terrible time deciphering the lecturer's English and, because I'm not interested in a course certificate, the course projects were a waste of my time, though I can see that they could be fun and add to the enjoyment of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos didn't work correctly (sound and subtitles). I suggest to fix the problems because it is hard to understand the content of the course if the problems reamin.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Problem with quiz week 2The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was enrolled in the full specialisation and things went great for the 2 first courses i did, which were mostly peer-review-based (logistics & sourcing).With this one i gave up feeling really unassisted and unable to get answers to my feedback requests. no feedback is provided when you ask something in the forums, ever.When you flag a milestone because of technical issues you won't be ever answered (even when you upload screenshots as proof).The practical exercises with spreadsheets are poorly explained and even contradicted, especially as far as cutting and/or rounding integers are concerned. this is something that can prove 'costly' when doing the quizzes I failed all the questions of all the quizzes for all the attempts I tried. I'm not sure if this is coursera's fault or rutgers' but i don't think i will take ever another course (paying) here in coursera with these kind of calculation quizzes, it's a waste of time.I can't imagine how a mathematical or programming course must be with this poor approach of assessing the results. I suppose I will be censored if I explicitly mention similar sites to coursera but these kind of tests and quizzes are much more better addressed.In a nutshell, I subscribed to the full specialisation paying 45 EUR per month, the first month I was able to certificate myself with the 2 first I did ( logistics & sourcing), this second month (planning & operations) that has just started I gave up, so my final outcome is 2 certificates for 45 EUR each one.Tolerable but you'll never get me here again.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just following a text book, without an added value from the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please get a more enthusiastic profThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very general information with too much dependance on the textbook for the course. You might as well just read the book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher needs to improve her delivery. The quizzes are also useless. They don't really add to important information that we need to remember. Instead, the quizzes usually have questions that make you gofer for irrelevant info, made to test if you've gone through the reading. Honestly, I barely listened to the teacher's videos. It wasn't all that helpful nor engaging. We got all the info from the readings.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as good as the other courses. I do wish another instructor could have done the videos. I had a very hard time staying with this course due to my frustration with instructor style of communicating. I felt like to much basic info about marketing especially traditional vs digital advertising. Most of us, get that. I don't know when I've struggled so hard to keep my attention and focus on the material. This specialization starts with a bang and ends very boring and outdated feeling.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is clearly not the right medium for Prof Clifton. This was inferior to the first installment, which had a great many problems on its own. Poor on camera delivery, lack of familiarity with the material and a tendency to just read the PPT slide on the screen are just a few of the problems. While the content is good you really have to work to get through the presentation of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not like the teacher but I did like the course material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Super basic, nothing to be learnt there. No need to purchase the course, just go over the videos if you're new to digital.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointed by this class. Instructor and mentors added not value to course. The main reading "eMarketing" was good but all video content and assignments were directly from the "eMarketing" guide by Rob Stokes. Also ... they couldn't even get Rob Stokes name spelled correctly in the references.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was not the best course I did in Coursera. The teacher was distracted and I had some issues in following her. The information was sometimes too basic and other time on much in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointed with lectures-structured data rather than real life examples-professor is speaking monotonously, without passion-no visualisation on the discussed topicThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This "planning" course was slightly better than the preceding "landscape" course, but it was still underwhelming. The instructor seemed better prepared with her presentation, but her dependence on the textbook and speaking style still made it seem as if she lacked mastery of the subject. The course did touch on the important subject matters at hand, but since the textbook was so old (practically outdated by digital media standards), it missed or made little mention of so many innovations and best practices that are now the rule for digital marketers. For example, the increasingly crucial role of marketing automation platforms like HubSpot, Dynamics Marketing and Marketo and how CRMs like SalesForce and Dynamics are driving both marketing and sales strategy. Another example is how email marketing has moved to rules-based and triggered workflows. Again, there's a definite need for this course. I would actually recommend breaking out social, SEO and online advertising into their own courses, rather than squeezed into small segments. Finally, the "putting it all together" section is vital for anyone who wants to work in digital marketing, but the coverage here was much too general.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor quality and heavily outdated content. Video quizzes were broken more often than not. Module Quizzes questions and answers were vague and poorly constructed resulting in choosing incorrect answers.Reading material was of poor quality with many "industry professionals" not being professional enough to perform a simple spelling and grammar check.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hated the course and the content. I truly regret investing my money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor just re-iterated text and readings. Lectures were poor and provided no insightsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible course.... the instructor just read out of the power point. No examples or case studies or insights.very disappointed in the class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The two or three minute videos were annoying. I understand that this is what video marketing is about and, PS, not too many people truly watch the videos. Lessons should be 30 minutes each.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am not very happy with this course. It lacks depth. Reading the text book gives more understanding. The videos are just verbatim repetition of what is there in the book. The concepts are not explained well. No examples and no case studies. And further there are errors in quizzes. The first course in this specialization was really good... course 2 and 3 were also very informative. But 4 and 5 are not up to the mark and not meeting the high expectations set by the previous courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dropped on Week 5. There was just the required minimum for a MOOC. I did not find it engaging. Too bad, as I was genuinely curious of the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Complete idiot. He doesn't have any critical view of his field (which is unfortunately full of crappy studies). Also, I hope he didn't choose the logo from his university. It's a good metaphor for the course though, shiny but absolutely ridiculous.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please we all have accents but i can not understand some words and makes it more difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures for this course lacked substance. The quizzes predominantly asked for verbatim recitation of the substance-free lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Tortured by a platform glitch that initially denied me credit for my work and the certificate of completion but would not tell me specifically why. Turns out I needed to submit one additional peer review, although I only found this out by contact customer service. There was never any explicit message telling me what was required to complete the course and the information I did receive through the platform was just plain wrong. Content of the course was good but any feelings of accomplishment were overshadowed by the frustration of trying to straighten out what turned out to be a problem with coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Money hungry, greedy! Won't let us complete quizzes without paying! Shame!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a mess. Do not even dare to take it without first doing Machine Learning by Andrew Ng (excellent starter) and before reading "Deep Learning" by Goodfellow, Bengio, Courville. The presentations are awfully boring, there is little interaction of the material (unlike Ng who is deriving the math on screen). Hinton is basically just reading off the crowded slides. Very poor didactic style. I would even go so far as to say that the approach is unscientific: no definitions, derivations, examples. Terms just pop out of the blue.If you already know the topic well, you might gain additional insight from a pundit. Quizes are nice puzzles that need some thinking and math knowledge. Programming tasks are not even in the same ballpark as Ng's. Overall very bad use of the medium available.Invest your time in reading "Deep Learning", its challenging but at least its got a very logical structure and style. Also consider Hugo Larochelle's videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was extremely disappointing. While the material is interesting and the mathematics and computer science are excellent, the format of the course makes substantive learning difficult. The crux of the course is based on lecture videos. Unfortunately, the videos amount to the professor simply reading off Powerpoint slides with occasional quizzes in the video. There are only 4 programming assignments, the first of which demanded a total of 2 new lines of code. Later assignments are more involved, but there are still only 4 of them. I for one only learn effectively when the class is engaging. That means slightly more dynamic lectures, more involved assignments. I don't learn or retain anything meaningful from powerpoints and multiple-choice quizzes, and I know that many agree. If you're the kind of person who can learn from reading a powerpoint slide, then you'll be fine. I got nothing out of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lesson is really boring , and the lecturer just reads the slides. And there is no any interaction on the slides, or explaining on the graphs and meaning of sentence. Just read it through. I am enough of this kind of lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While I learned quite a bit from the course, I found the course to be far more difficult and frustrating than it really needed to be. Mentors were unhelpful and generally unresponsive during the course, course content was broken and/or missing, and the level of background in both calculus/probability needed to truly understand the material in this course was not obvious at all from the beginning. In general, the holistic experience of this course was disappointing and frankly, I would not recommended it unless you have a strong enough math background or are a glutton for punishment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm slowly coming to the conclusion that this is a poorly made course for building a thorough understanding of how these different Neural Networks actually function, and building a lower level understanding. The lecturer often introduces concepts that are specific to these types of neural networks without explaining what they are. For example, when discussing convolutional nets, he casually starts talking about an embedding layer and a mapping layer, without really explaining what it is. I found this video on youtube (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6aEYuemt0M) and realized that this gives me a significantly more concrete understanding of how convolutional neural networks actually function, than these lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material was useful however greatly disappointed with the organisation. Many quizzes had in-complete questions (no figures) and there was no corrections made. I had to resort to checking through forums for the correct questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I learned a lot about deep learning. However the quiz contains several mistakes and I wasted many hours. I also thought explanation is unnecessarily hard to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Doesn't effectively explain how to implement the NNThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
no mouse to highlight on slide when teachingIt's a lot of unclear parts in slideI think cs231 is betterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a lot of good information in here that is told poorly. Professor simply reads the slides to you for the most part, foregoing practical examples in favor of sticking to abstract concepts, and letting you figure out the details. Quizzes had errors in them that made passing them unnecessarily difficult. The slides that you could download are sometimes cutoff, leaving information out. This is very indicative of the classes I had in college, where the class was "here are a bunch of whitepapers/books, read them, and you'll be an expert". There is little in the way of helping you understand these complicated concepts, and because they are complicated, many argue that should absolve the professor from needing to find a way to teach them in an understandable way (when other professors have been able to take complicated topics like this and distill it down to something that was both fun to learn and gave a solid foundation for going forward). I'm sure Professor Hinton has contributed much to the field, but I suspect his passion lies in playing with ideas and theories, not in trying to teach the next generation about how to do so.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disappointing. The material is presented in such a way that it neither suits the mathematically inclined nor those interested a more hands-on introduction to neural networks. Some quizzes miss important figures and explanations, so that they can only be solved with the help of other students that have access to previous versions of the course.If this course should run for another session, the provider (University of Toronto) should decide on the proper audience and should also considerably revise the course. Given the flaws with the current session, it seems that the provider just wants to reap some easy money from students attracted by a current and interesting topic an a well-known name (Geoffrey Hinton).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are some problems of the organization of the course. Some conditions and some images are missing in quizzes. Even some videos are missing. There's no official response in the forum. Thanks to the responses of other students in the forum, i can finally do some of the quizzes. It's really frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course, but severely hobbled by the transition to the new platform. Many technical issues in the quizzes (such as questions not showing up, being marked incorrectly). Leaves the student feeling somewhat forgotten, which is a shame considering the brilliant material being presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was ported to the new Coursera platform in a amateurish way without any testing. Learners have been complaining on the forums for months about bugs and missing information in the assessments, and they are still not fixed. The content is generally interesting, but not presented in a cohesive way. Many concepts are juggled with without giving clear, mathematical definitions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pedagogy in this course is truly horrible. It is severely lacking concrete relevant real world examples - in the beginning of each lecture would be super - motivating each technique. This is kind of a dealbreaker. Furthermore the material is REALLY dry and theoretical, lacking pragmatic problem solving. IMO way too much time and energy is wasted on history, name-dropping and dry mathematical backrounds. Andrew Ng of Stanford University, with his course "Machine Learning" is a great example of how it can and should be done.Suffice to say it would be much more smoth, fun and efficient to start with 1) current real world relevant problem(s) motivating the technique, then 2) a clear description of the technique - with concrete examples mapping the theory to practice. This last part is super important and is what is lacking the most in the course. One more thing, the quizes and questions makes alot of silent and weird assumptions, often not even clearly relating to the lecture materials. There are also technical bugs and missing images in the quizes. Suffice to say this is a real dealbreaker.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course is incredible boring. I'm really interested in the topic, but the way it is presented is just sad. only theory and slides with way too much text. I've already taken several ML classes and this one is still hard to follow. Can't recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the course rather difficult, with respect to the other courses I did on Coursera. In my opinion part of the reason I found it difficult is that the material is not explained very well. Hinton is certainly a guru in Machine Learning, but I found him a bit boring as a teacher and often I thought he was explaining some details but failing to give the broader picture. I must admit I did not read the extra material provided with the course (the long articles) but only focused on the videos, slides and tests, perhaps had I read the articles I would have struggled less. I also did the course in 9 weeks instead of 16, but I did watch most videos twice so I feel I did dedicate some time to it. I much preferred Andrew Ng's course, and I strongly recommend doing that one first. I am also loving the University of Washington's Machine Learning specialization, but since I have been wating for the next course in that specialization for a while, I did Hinton's course in the mean time. That said, I did find this course useful, although I often felt somewhat frustrated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not clear illustration， many problems are not directly related to the content covered. More importantly, it sucks!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not enjoy how this course was taught. It was confusing and hard to understand the professor did not go at a pace i found helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course could've been better by the inclusion of more examples, the lecturer is very monotonous and sadly, i see no discussion forum for this course, in addition to that, whenever i tried replying to the comments the reply button turned grey and nothing happened. I had reported to resolve the issue but nothing happened the issue persists. It could have been done much better specially the lectures. Thank you :)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was hard to follow and understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For me personally: way to complex and brain rather than output focusedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not particularly engaging. Some significant overlaps in content on the videos. Some rambling videos that could really do with editing. I liked that the content within the main lecture was concise - it really needed to be because the lecturer has very little variety to his tone of speech - listening requires "high cognitive load". Don't want to be too down on it because I really appreciate the free content and the subject material is very interesting, but it could do with a bit more love and the practical application of the marketing concepts described in the course. Maybe start with some eye-tracking on someone completing the course?!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I honestly thought this course was all over the place and too general. It also seemed to be full of self - congratulations about what UPENN has accomplished with its research. I wanted more depth in a more targeted approach to improving my life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much introduction, not much actual useful stuff. Too much mathematically without well illustrated examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this course. The content is very relevant to the subject matter. However, the lectures are much longer than they need to be, and filled with unnecessary commentary. The instructor often verbally discusses the statistical formula with a few bullets on a slide with the focus on himself. The delivery would be much better if the instructor would put himself in the background and the focus be reoriented on a whiteboard style walk-through of the equation at hand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are considering this specialization I would recommend the Andrew Ng course instead and the main reason is that it isn't depend on proprietary ML framework. Despite the good lectures, the assignments don't help you develop the knowledge required for ML developer role.Taking in consideration the permanent postponing the courses delivery, from summer 2016 to summer 2017, finally the most interesting part of the specialization was cancelled. I'm completely disappointed with the specialization learning expirience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy about course 5 & 6 got cancelled.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No good without the missing course and capstone projectsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This specialization is delayed for months now - very annoying! Don't give them money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I give 5 star for the teacher, really approach having such a well-organized teaching material.I also give -1 star for the homework assignment and its (almost) GraphLab only approach. Yes, it mentioned "alternative" approach (which is much more popular than GraphLab), but there are many bugs & trivial difficulties to get it through. With scikit-learn as a great open source package, the only reason (I suspect) to choose GraphLab is commercial purpose. For me, if the homework assignment is only instructed properly for loading data into Pandas, I can finish each programming assignment within 1 hour for sure using scikit learn; but now, it takes 30 minutes and I still cannot load the data correctly. I like to get a certificate, but it is not necessary and spending too much time is a waste on my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For me, this course was disappointing. Here is why: First, the level, at which the course material is presented, is very low. It might be freshman level, but certainly not more. There are many buzzwords but no real explanations. The programming assignments are only doable because most of the work has been done by the people designing the assignments. There is very little left for the students. Furthermore, the procedures, that are already given, are not very well documented. Hence, a lot of guess work is required to figure out how things should work. Furthermore, little effort has been spent to structure the procedures that are already given. Altogether, this makes doing the programming assignments very unsatisfying.Finally, the professor presenting the materials does not take part in the discussion forums. Contrary to other courses that I have attended at Coursera, this time the discussion forum was no help at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course, and indeed the whole specialization, was advertised as not requiring the Graphlab Create toolkit. This is untrue, as the final programming assignment does require it. The general dependence on SFrame is understandable since it is open source, but requiring any interaction with a licensed product (even if temporary and research licenses are available) greatly negatively impacted my experience in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has great potential as it is an extraordinarily timely topic, domestically and globally. The accessible required reading assignments were thought provoking and topical. Also, one of the required videos proved helpful, and a couple of the optional Ted talks were "must see's" for anyone involved in the non-profit sector.It was problematic that there was so little direction with respect to how one might access the required reading materials that were not linked into the course syllabus. In fact, one of the links provided simply directed the learners to a youtube video, extolling the virtues of the book wherein the required chapter was located. Another blatant colleague marketing technique occurred during the course of one of the required videos wherein the organizer interviewed an author about his book. (There was some helpful substantive information that came out of that interview, but for the most part, I felt as though I was watching an infomercial.) Requests for help fell on deaf ears, except for those of co-learners.A small, but annoying, flaw was that the professors were simply reading text from their slides, for the video component of the course--with an additional word thrown in, on occasion, for good measure. It would have been less distracting just to have the slides to read.I wish this course had been designed and taught to the standards I have come to expect from Coursera courses. It could have been one of the most valuable yet.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My only happiest moment in this whole course is writing this review, I couldn't wait to finish it in order to give it the 1 star rating it deserved.What I've seen from this course so far is abandonment , that's right this course is abandon ware, no questions get answered on the forums (asked a question a month ago and still didn't get an answer) and the links are outdated (links to further documentation don't work).I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn Machine learning since the instructors use proprietary libraries that need a license to use outside this course thus application wise what you learn her isn't transferable only the conceptual content;however, even in that there isn't much content for, since everything is an introduction here so nothing is quite useful .If your on a tight budget and your taking this specialization you could skip this course. Actually you could even skip this specialization since they canceled the capstone project so investing any money and time here is a waste. I can only recommend this specialization/course IF the instructors add a project at the end , be more involved on the forums , update non functional links ,and finally USE NON PROPRIETARY libraries hence they will need to take feedback from the students and redo most components of this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Con:(1) I feel I spent most of the time learning graphlab. Suggest replace it with standard Python as the standard tool for this class. Provide any needed additional code in standard Python.(2) Course is better in the front end than in the back end.(3) Week #6 is significantly more involved than previous weeks. Suggest divide Week 6 into two sessions: Neural Network and Nearest Neighbor applying neural network results (ImageNet 2012 was mentioned and not explained. Therefore the Nearest Neighbor homework assignment from the student's perspective does not have much to do with neural network other than using the results from ImageNet 2012, which was not explained in any detail anyway). This will allow more time to delve into the forward and backward propagation which should have been explained in more details.(4) Home assignments are not best worded, especially homework assignment for Week 6. Suggest reword in shorter statements that are more to the point.(5) Programming presentation and assignments can seem like exercise in graphlab and SFrame functions rather than machine learning.PRO:(1) Class presentation by Professor Fox on recommender system is detailed and clear.(2) Classifier block diagram shown by Professor Guestrin is good, clearly distinguishing training the classifier and the subsequent use of the classification (prediction).(3) Neural network quiz in Week 6 is excellent. It drills down on the multi-dimensional space that neural network is particularly good for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Maybe a good course, but you need to be an IT crack to be able to install the software and make it works. Online help does not help. Irritating! 45USD lost. I don't recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very good course material. However, Graphlab is no longer free to use for commercial purpose.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are considering this specialization I would recommend the Andrew Ng course instead and the main reason is that it isn't depend on proprietary ML framework. Despite the good lectures, the assignments don't help you develop the knowledge required for ML developer role.Taking in consideration the permanent postponing the courses delivery, from summer 2016 to summer 2017, finally the most interesting part of the specialization was cancelled. I'm completely disappointed with the specialization learning expirience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
TBH this class's experience is not good. The lecturers seem unprepared and they talk very repetitively.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy about course 5 & 6 got cancelled.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
excessive use of GraphLab create which is not an industry standard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This specialization is delayed for months now - very annoying! Don't give them money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content of this course is interesting, I liked the examples, and the material gave an interesting overview of different aspects of machine learning. From that perspective, the course is as advertised. But, where this course goes wrong is value for money - it is very superficial and not worth what is charged.As noted by others, this is not a course for learning so much as an advertisement for the instructor's own pay software and their other Coursera courses. I'm not against that per say if it was entirely free, but charging for an advertisement is ridiculous. In my case I thankfully started with the free model so I didn't lose out, but I could see others being dissapointed. I strongly recommend starting the material with a free signup and only pay if you really want the extra grading.My other main problem was with the pace and detail in the course. I would have liked more detail, but I recognize this was intended to be a high level view so I'll live with that level of detail. The material covered, however, does not need 6 weeks worth of lectures. This course could be ~1/2 as long, cover the same material, and be a MUCH better course.Other small problems include some poorly edit videos (there are a lot of examples of simple stumbling in the videos that should have meant they do another take), very short videos (maybe a person preference, but the number of <2 minute videos here is annoying, especially when there's a 5-second standard video at the start and end of all videos). All in all, there's just a lot of wasted time.When signing up for this course I was really excited for the entire specialization - now, not so much. I'll probably try the second course in the series (for free to start) to see if things improve, but ironically this advertisement video has if anything turned me off their other products.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not find the course very good. I came into the class with only real basic knowledge of Python and I was hoping to be able to pick up more as part of this class. WHile I might have picked up more, it was only because I used resources outside the course.The video instructions in programming in Python left quite a few gaps to figure out by reading documentation. The videos themselves were divided into two sections -- first a theoretical or classroom like section and a second a lab/programming section going over some coding in Python. The 'classroom' type lectures were pretty reasonably good. But the lab/programming were pretty terrible.They instructor really break down the syntax of the code and just left the student to figure it out. This made being able to take this code and to adapt it to other uses very difficult.I would not recommend this as a course to help learn Python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
there is no proper documentation.at least there should be some clear instructions for first programThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The subjectes are not learnt deeply and precisely. Too summarized and vague!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course! The only major drawback is the requirement of Graphlab, which doesnt allow the student to fully understand the applications using real world software. Just recently, Dato (the company that owns graphlab) was purchased by Apple, and you can no longer buy a commercial licence to the software. Despite this, users cannot use Graphlab for commercial purposes, therefore rendering the software completely impractical for professionals. The specialization is designed to help you get a job (see capstone) yet the software currently in place is limiting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Might be good for someone looking for a casual overview?I really wanted to like this course, and was excited about the series. Very disappointing. Refunded after scoring 100% on first three weeks and watching the theory portion of week 4. I was familiar, with the subject prior to taking this course; was hoping for a deep dive.Too many trivially short and low information density videos. Handwavy mathematics. I would have liked to get a more solid idea of the depth of the series from the first course before committing money.Default software for the course has near-zero market penetration (per indeed.com), unless maybe you work at Apple -- not really excusable for something that purports real-world value. Yes, you can use other software, *except for the capstone*, per another reviewer: this is fatal.Presenters just not fully prepared to lecture on the topic: the nail in the coffin was the end of the week 4 lectures on clustering: "So, at this point, you really should be able to go out there and build a really cool retrieval system for doing news article retrieval. Or any other really, really, really cool retrieval that I can't think of right now. But of course there's lots of interesting examples. So go out there and think of ideas that I can't think of right now." Really? How about: "Cut! Take two."Many poor design choices for the presentation. Too much time spent writing things on slides that should have already been on the slides.As of this review: no reviews on the last courses in the series, and some poor (but indicative) reviews of the other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt that I paid for demo of the Dato/Turi.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have no doubt teachers are excelent professionals in the area, as well as great machine learning enthusiasts. However, I did not like the fact that you get limited to learn how to use a paid and (very!) expensive platform, mostly because there are many other free packages available for machine learning. Ok, the platform offered makes things easier, but if you really want to learn machine learning, you can not be limited to a platform, acting as a robot just using pre-written functions in a black box.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Lecturers are very enthusiastic, but I was hoping for examples and assignments based on Pandas and Skikit-Learn. Instead the course examples and assignments are based on a machine learning package called Graphlab, that stopped working when it was upgraded to version 2 (there are workarounds that enable it to work locally, but clearly it isn't "enterprise ready")The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was expecting to solve problems using more open-sourced package. Unfortunately, I feel this series of courses are more of an advertisement for the instructor's software company.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I like the case-based approach--this course gives a nice albeit shallow overview. I don't like that one professor uses this course to push his startup by asking students to use graphlab. A more commonly used library would have been a much better choice. Parts of the course feel like a "Getting started with Graphlab" tutorial.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can only infer that this course's target audience is rich pregnant women who care about shoe shopping and celebrities. Unfortunately I am none of those things and had to cringe my way through the examples, watching the videos at 2x speed.The course itself is incredibly shallow, even for a survey course, and basically serves as an ad for one of the professors' own products -- Graphlab Create. You'll be much better off taking Andrew Ng's course, which is significantly more in depth and forces you to write your own solutions to problems instead of relying on a proprietary library.The only reason to prefer this course is if you really dislike the idea of using matlab.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is basically an advertisement for the software one of the teachers created. I did learn a bit of high level concepts, but when it comes to coding, the answers is always 'conveniently, my software does this for you'. I wanted to actually learn about these concepts deeper, and implement them.I also was able to complete this 6 week paid course in a few days which should not be possible. I have since started the free Stanford course taught by a co-founder of coursera, and it is MUCH better! I recommend it to anyone!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Shame that it was not possible to progress with this course without using graphlab which the creator of this course himself created. Please see the course as just a training sales promotion for his ML application.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The whole course based on some proprietary software. In general, it seems that the main goal of the course is promote that software.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No Open Source Libraries, this course is not educational; it is a sales pitch to use their expensive software. Good luck having an employer pay this amount of money for software when they can hire employees that can use free open source libraries.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many videos and not cluttered assignment codesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dato tool does not even install properly.. so n´makes no sense to continue with the course. The support team fail to help in installing ... :-(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel like it should have been mentioned a lot clearer before starting that this was simply a course in how to use the creators library. These skills are not transferable anywhere else as I would have to pay to use them in future! Would have been a lot more useful as a how to for sci-kit and pandas.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry, but this is just ridiculous. I can't recommend this course to anyone. It's all about advertizing: Emily Fox can't stop but recommend Amazon services, and Carlos Guestrin does the same for his Dato's Graphlab Create, which is might be great in general, but absolutely useless in educational purposes. The practice part of every week is just a waste of the time.I can't say "money well spent".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teachers are easy to like, but the course content is very lightweight and will mostly teach you terminology with no real understanding.The worst part was the assignments, which could all be solved by a little copy/paste: I didn't learn anything useful by doing them. All the actual algorithms were supplied in a separate module. More than that, many of the suggested solutions were bad coding (like collapsing 50% of the data before training, or writing sixteen special cases rather than a general function) or pointless (like training a linear classifier on pixel data).There are better courses out there.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The overall quality of the course is good, but in my opinion the level is quite low and there is less content then I expected. The assignments are more or less copy-paste or very repetitive. The 5-8 hour work per week are a joke, I never needed more than 2.5h per week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One would learn a thing or two, but the course is very sparse compared to other machine learning courses, and I didn't feel that it was worth the time and the cost.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course uses proprietary tools for machine learning and data manipulation, making it effectively useless! However, the material on describing the machine learning algorithms were excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unsufficient information for the programming assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly executed. Constant differences in data. tiresome to watch two supposedly very intelligent instructors amuse themselves by saying Bro and Dude. The use og graphlab is unnecessary and adds a layer of complication which adds no future value to your toolkit. Probably a lot of better executed Machine Learning courses out thereThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course has a fundamental problem, it relies completely on a library developed by one of the instructors, which is not open source. In the end, it seems like a big opportunity of delivering a marketing campaign by the instructors then otherwise.I definitely will not spend time and money on the other courses of this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i cannot spend $4000 per year package just to learn this course. sorry i am off...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Using a proprietary library instead of widely used libraries and discouraging the use of open source widely used libraries. It barely compiles, the example notebook has method calls that use non existing methods of the SFrame object.The course claims that it teaches the student how useful practical knowledge but then ends up using a non standard library and saying not to use pandas or scikit learn.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a non programer, or mathematician, this course is too hard to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
2 stars because the theoretical part is ok but programming assignments are waste of time. I'm not here (and paid) to be trained to use something the instructor is trying to SELL, nor will I ever recommend this product for commercial use. I will switch to other "not recommended" packages in the later parts of this specialization.They should put the disclaimer for Graphlab Create in the specialization page so people can be aware of this.Besides, the sound of that Giraffe toy is really, really annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructors or TAs are not available in discussion forums. and the course is focussed on promoting "graph lab" proprietary package of the course sponsor. Maybe you can have a look, not beneficial if you are serious about learning ML.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
LIKE an advertisment!Why not use pandas and numpy sk-learn?Open source is more popular!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is to much about graphlab and not enough about the mechanics of machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Having done some other machine learning MOOCS , this course seemed rather basic to me and did not enjoy too much using non open-source software for the programming assignments. The material is nice, In this sense, I would have expected to 'default' to sci-kit learn and offer using graphlab create as optional.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Even though the course discusses relevant topics, the level is extremely low: The lab sessions were easily solved applying copy-paste code from the provided notebooks, with minor adaptions. Moreover, 8/10 questions in the lab sessions were not related to machine learning at all, but simply looping over data and counting or similar. The intro video and course introduction strongly suggested using deep learning in the course: did not happen. We trained k-means on pre-computed features which happened to come from from a deep learning network (not sure which one, inception? I didn't even watch the lectures here from disappointment). That is not deep learning, it just shows you how well deep learning can work.Graphlab is a mature framework, I guess, but it's commercial and scikit-learn is better imho (and free!).If you wish to learn machine learning, take the Stanford course on Machine Learning for Andrew Ng. This course is in MATLAB, not ideal for machine learning, but adequate for a better understanding of intelligent system implementations.Maybe the course is OK if you're a beginner in machine learning, but not good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't like the python environment, I thought it will be more like Ng's course. Nice explanations, but for amateurs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dont like the tools they used, it seems like a promotion for their company.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The framework is ok, but it would be more insight on the functions would be much more amplifying the learning process.Good working examples, though!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The case study approach is a great idea.But I wish the instructors were more candid about the tools that were in use. It seems dodgy that the instructor is a CEO of a commercial tool vendor and is "encouraging" students to use it.The quizzes in the course were extremely shallow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It really just touches a lot on different machine learning techniques and really just sets the stage for the higher courses. Unfortunately some of the chapters (especially deep learning) are so brief that it is really frustrating trying to complete the quiz and assignment. Also the course doesn't use open source tools but a trial version of a pretty expensive library.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very, very high altitude introduction presented in a seemingly confused way with a lot of product placement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course doesn't do nearly enough to bring you up to speed on using mathlab or iPython notebook. I am currently learning to program python and a lot of this stuff was well above my head.The quizzes and assignments do very little to reinforce the work, and often come down to trial and error. I wanted to learn the mechanics of machine learning from this course, but it is too complex, and presented in such an arcane manner to serve as an introduction, but doesn't go deep enough to really teach anything useful. I'd suggest you look at Wikipedia or YouTube for better classes.I'd like to draw special attention to the quizzes, as often they're on trivia from the lectures and not reflective of the actual nuts and bolts of working with machine learning. They, as with the projects, I found to be a massive waste of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not like this course being tied to a commercial product. In my opinion it should be using an open source python library and not focusing on the Dato product.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The fact that the class uses GraphLab instead of pandas/numpy/sklearn should have been stated up frontThe course felt like an advertisement for the professor's toolkitIt was very disappointing that the equivalent standard workflow was not supportedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Due to many technical issues with GraphLab lib I have to reduce acitivity in this curse for only video viewing :(.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Thoroughly disappointed to see this course based onThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it's rather a course on using API of proprietary software with very very basic background on the actual math underneathThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Would have greatly preferred if open source tools were used.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course rely on commercial library. I am sorry, I don't believe the convenience of a commercial library is good for your learning. You may end up locked in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In terms of content the course is superficial and weak, it's also too much focused on promote Cruyff event and institute.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course (as the previous one) needs some improvements. First learning only relying on videos is not very effective. There are no lecture slides neither consistent addtional resources to grasp seriously the materials. Also the way quizzes are designed is not - in my opinion, very well planned. The videos alone do not give consistent background to approach seriously the quizzes. Also - again in my opinion, I didn't saw a consistent approach to the materials, neither the examples given made any sense. In the last video, there is a mention to the business world and how to apply this savoir relier approach, but in contrast the videos and examples show as examples a situation extreme with an avalanche, use the HEC MBA program as example. I simply don't see how this can relate with the business world as a consistent comparison. I think you should reflect on this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It would be better if the instructors cared to respond to queries.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a sequence of sales pitches by Hlavac's relations. The continuous invitation to purchase a course where companies advertise their products is a shame and lacks in depth material. Followed the whole course in the hope it would get better but unfortunately got more irritated than educated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a very interesting class, only learned some vocabulary and some pre made sentences, but no general structure or grammar. This means that it would be impossible for me to even guess how to form an other sentence with the words i know.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish the Chinese characters were provided for all the vocabulary and example sentences taughtThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think with more listen exercises this course will be better and the length of the videos too short.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm not a conversational learner. I like to learn via the puzzle method.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, we need sequelsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't find this course to be too helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is very basics hence getting a certificate is not valuable. I would consider getting a certificate, if it means something hence beyond a very basic crash course. The certification, should be, I can really use and means something.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible. Had to verify multiple times. Audio quiz had no sound (struck-thru speaker icon I couldn't fix.)I'd be disappointed with Cousera for foisting this trash if I hadn't taken "Learning How to Learn," much less buggy.Would disenroll if there was any way to do so.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Im not finishing it since in the test are missing a lot of sounds ..............The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This teacher reminds me of old aunties that tried to tell me how to think. "That's just the way it is" is never a good reason for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too hard for a beginnerThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am giving it a 2 and am leaving the course because several of the recordings in the second quiz don't work. It is not possible to participate when there are technical difficulties like this. If the recordings worked, I am sure it would be a very fun and interesting class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the classes are sometimes extremely boring and some things are not clearly explainedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought she was a nice Teacher but Didn't teach the Basics steps into speaking & learning chinese .If she had started with ABC alphabet how to write & speak the first week then taught to sound each letter out in different pitches of volume 2week then to sentences building 3rd week so on .it would had been much more helpful I believe ...I sad that i had to leave the course b/c it seem and look like a great obertonty ... but it went to fast didn't cover what i Expected it would.. :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A submission too complicate to learn chinese-Three submission is too reasonable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not practical, some audio files are not working ...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Goes waaaay too fast to actually learn anything. Not very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos proceed way too fast for complete beginners and things are explained without enough underlying basics. Plus there is not really enough chance for repetitions in the videos. Tonal explanations are good, except for the green line where you are not told how to choose what part of that tone to pronounce every time. Overall, it could be a great course but falls short because the videos proceed way too fast and without enough repetitions or even practice exercises to be able to remember the phrases afterwards.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The whole course is basically a short topic based phrasebook being read-out and over-explained in English. Since I already speak English, this isn't very useful. The course contains no dialogues, or any real situations where vocab's being reviewed. I found the exercise nitpicky and confusing, and there's no indication nor review of what actually you did wrong. Better just use an audio-phrasebook and repeat it using the same time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a very good course layoutThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The subject seems so interesting but we need more historical information. It's nice to have a personal point of view but it is difficult to follow the process then.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lessons are sometimes completely disconected from the graded assignments. There were some graded assignements that dealt with things I have never heard about and I completed it without even looking the lessons videos. Some of the lessons are disapointing of the lack of assistance to the required software/code to be used. In such a way that the concept worked is very simple, but if you have no experience on the software or code you can have a hard time to complete the assignements with irritating details which are not explained at all in the lessons. The lessons serves more as a guide to what you should search in google and learn through other source of information. I did not expected such poor course from a paid one; I have doen free courses way better than this course. Don´t pay or this course, find some other course free or other paid course with better reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is good. But it does not has lecture slides that is better for students to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is quite outdated. I didn't learn much beyond what I already knew before I started. The Spark courses from edX are way better than these. Hopefully "Big Data Analysis with Scala and Spark" from the "École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne" (also from Coursera) is good (I know their Scala courses, which are taught by Martin Odersky, are quite good).There are very few quizzes between lectures and the assignments are not very challenging.Many of the videos, specially the ones at the end were extremely rushed over. They serve more as a review if you know the subject, otherwise I don't think most people will get much from them.The audio isn't very good for most of the lectures, many having an very annoying chirping sound (from when you leave an old flip phone near a computer... "teh-teh-teh teh-teh-teh teh-teh-teh teh-tehhhhhh....". Gosh, I haven't heard this sound in maybe over five years...).The Kaggle competition at the end of the course can be fun if you do the hard work, but you don't need to put much of an effort to pass. I know that the submissions I peer reviewed were quite poor, but the grading criteria that we need to follow as reviewers is quite vague and not very thorough. You also run the risk of getting a lesser grade than you deserve because your reviewer is incompetent, which is a bummer... At the moment the course has very few people taking it (the same people I peer reviewed, also reviewed me, which leads to me to believe that maybe only 3 or 4 people were taking this course during the November 2016 iteration).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'll say the same about this class as the rest of the specialization, if you have the skills to complete this course then you don't need to take this course. If you don't have the skills to complete this course, you will not complete this course. The course instruction is at 10000 feet level and the assignments are very challenging and the course will NOT teach you the skills required to complete the assignments.I recommend the Machine Learning Course (from Bill's colleagues) at University of Washington. That is a course where you get some real instruction and understanding of how to complete assignments (though still very challenging).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course probably deserves 3-4 stars in a better, maintained form, but the entire specialization is not maintained, the lectures have no production values. Basically, it's a money pit that Coursera is keeping up cynically. It's a real shame because the syllabus correctly addresses a gap in most data scientists' skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Do not like the slides and the way it is explained. Compared with other ML courses on cousera, this one makes me feel that it is more like a handbook/dictionary instead of a tutorial to teach students. If you already know it, it would help you refresh the mind. Otherwise, you might find it is just to show off how how complex and mysterious is the data science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unrelated and incohesive lectures. Disappointed. Lots of random topics talked about .but nothing in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible lecture videos with many typos, absence of lecture notes, absence of course staff on a discussion forum. Maybe suitable for those who is alredy a scientist and just need to get some general sence of data science.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hands down the worst course on Coursera. I thought it might be beneficial to take this course but it doesn't cover anything in details. Wherever algorithms are explained, a really lousy job is done. To be specific, first and second weeks are covered badly. I am still trying to understand the material by reading external articles on the course topics. I think that first course of this specialization was pretty great and this one is disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Positive: There are a lot of examples and interviews with people in the field that help to understand better. I think the concepts exposed are useful and relevant.Negative: I think it the course could be done in a much more compact way (the introduction and conclusion of each video, which is just music, take together around half a minute). I think all the concepts could be introduced in half of the time. There is a lot of reiteration and some texts are so similar with one another that more than once I thought I was doing again the same section.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is for people doing social work in third world countries. Trust me, videos discussing open defecation and child marriage get old fast. Also, the stuff about social norms is very confusing and hard to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First: University of Pennsylvania and we still have to deal with a heavy accent?Second: Couldn't tell if all the vocab gone over repeatedly was standard or made up by the prof.Third: Stilted, repetitive and boring teaching style.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quiz in this course is not helping this learning experience to be positiveThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the lectures were good, one of the mentors wasn't profesional at all, she was nasty, though the other one was very fine.But my chief complaint is the terrible method (in creative writing classes only ?) of using peer reviews to pass the class. I had a non-English-speaking person NOT pass me, a former English teacher, for no other reason than he misread the assignment. So I had to resubmit. I don't know who finally passed me, I think the peer review process is a shambles, and it lets Coursera personnel out of the process of doing grading and opens a can of worms with an incompetent peer reviewer having the power to not pass me. I don't think I will be taking creative writing classes again at Coursera, as going through that broken peer review process and having one mentor being off the wall just wasn't worth my time and anxiety.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Designed more for a child learning about poetry for the first time. Some of the facts about poetry aren't accurate. The effort to make the class more engaging ironically only distracts from the course material. The time spent attempting humor could have been spent on teaching, but instead a lot of time is wasted by speaking down to the viewer like they are a toddler. I did not finish this class as I couldn't stand the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Clearly the target audience is a younger and newer Poet. I learned some new terms and enjoyed some new Poetry. Overall it was just okay.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just like other University of Maryland online courses - boringThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One suggestion i give to you that, please level of difficulty increase in a way that the learner not face to much thing in a single assignment. So, create assignment like that learner learn less thing but accurately. For example in this assignment you only build a relations between classes and marker on a map for only CityMarkerMap.java class and in the next module you implement LandMarker.java and so on. So, please this is my request in the future make assignments in a way that the Learner less thing but efficiently and accurately.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I signed up for this course hoping for a good introduction to OO programming and Java only to not be able to verify if I have even learned anything. Of course I can access the course material, but the fact that cannot even manually check if my answers are correct with certainty makes all of this less efficient than simply learning it by myself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course does not allow students to take part in quizzes before paying for it.but the quality of the course material is amazingly high and easy to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructors are not to be found.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too fancy and the structure is not very clear. Not very much learned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
in the beginning of the course i thought i'll get a good experience as usual on coursera, but i was wrong ...a lot of things >> to be introduced in next courseconfusing data types & working with things i don't know about it.you've said that, anyone with basics of programming could pass this course and after 6 months i couldn't.please be sure about the prerequisites next time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer review assignment part is reallyuseless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It needs project based exams, not quizzes. These project exams should be a combination of automated programming tasks, like the kind you find on HackerRank or Codeforces and peer assessment based projects that asks students to evaluate the readability of each others code. As it currently stands, this course is a joke.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the material is relevant, the exercises required too much specific knowledge that was not discussed in lecture. For an experienced programmer, most of the exercises were easy, but I admit I had to look ahead on two of the projects because the instructions were too lacking. The final project was too open ended and made me not want to finish this course.Overall, I would not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cannot follow a single thing that they are talking about. I have prior coding experience in other languages and I still have no idea what the instructors are getting at. They all explain everything horribly and jump into huge complex things with no explanation. Worst course I have ever taken in my life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
starting from week2 the way of explaining the materials isnt goodThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures were too wordy and the lecturers tripped over their words too often (which wouldn't have made it so difficult to listen if the lectures hadn't been so wordy!). There was too much focus on high-level details of the course project and too little attention paid to technical details. This rendered the lectures simplistic, boring, and sometimes a waste of time. This felt like an introductory level course, made more difficult through poor teaching.Also, the slick web interface was slightly difficult to navigate in comparison to other Coursera courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you think this is an introduction to Java programming language you are wrong.What do you want? Do you want teach us to use Processing or teach us to program in Java?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as advertized and way too much peer rating stuff--we do all the work the instructor does little or none--too much peer raqting stuff which I despise. And there seems to be no way to un-enroll.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I advice NOT to take this course.Why: the professor is never there to read your assignments. He leaves that totally to other students like yourself, to grade your written assignments, and, they do not read and give you a RANDOM grade in 2 seconds.Don't take it, you will waste sooo much time on this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mr Roth is woefully unprepared for this course, his assessments of the several artists and thinkers he explores are deeply and distressingly flawed - and why would he repeat in a classroom, with unbecoming histrionics, the same lesson he's just delivered from his officeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much material to get done in time frame given for full-time working parent.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad or superficial explanations. The instructor speaks very fast and you need to continually stop the video to keep the pace. Some interesting commands and are shown, but the instructor seems to be tired of explaining them and defers explanations to lots of links at the end of each video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nice course but the peer assignment is awful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course expects you to have a lot more ground for an intermediate course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish the teachers would go more into how to come up with solutions to the functional problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a Java programmer with some 18 years industry experience I quickly got lost on this course. It might not be the course - it could be me! It might be that I am too long in the tooth as an OO programmer that I cannot cope with the transition to functional programming.I found the video lectures initially well structured and stepped nicely in to increasing complexity without losing me. But eventually I fell completely behind and by the time I was performing the exercise 2 submission I was in deep water. There are a lot of mathematical theory and programming theory references along the way as well which I did not like.As a real world programmer I have never really felt compelled to know peano number theory. And I struggle to understand how performing this exercise prepares me for real-world Scala programming either. I just do not see the point of creating code that can add and subtract numbers without using number types!!! I could write a wrapper for Int in Java in 2 minutes. Doing this abstract Scala exercise would take me all day and I still do not understand the code nor the point of doing it! Whatever happened to maintainability principles ?I have now lost all interest in completing the course because by week 3 I might as well be doing a course in advanced Arabic. I cannot continue this course now because I cannot complete the exercises. I am disheartened and not sure whether this is a reflection of Scala or the course or both. I would be reticent to take a job with Scala.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad logic.Class content poorly related to the exams. No exercise for practice. When any, clearly unrelevant. The first 4 weeks, it is hard to impossible to succeed through the exam. Run all videos set first, then consider digging into practice.I took a book and learned more form it than this video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am a statistician who works primarily with R, with some Python for the things Python is better for. I know how to program, but I explicitly note I am not a computer science student. I have only limited experience with the command prompt. I was very excited when I heard about this course, but the amount of work and frustration just to get started programming in Scala has been obscene. I am very, very glad I decided to check out the course for free before paying for the specialization.The course has a lot of required software. The tutorials to get this software often involve "You need this, but so save time we're going to skip showing you how to get it. If it doesn't work, you need to install it." There is a lot of variability in OSs. Many errors are often encountered. There is no help.Among the things the course requires are two (three?) IDEs for Scala (I note the video tutorials says you just need some sort of IDE... but you need IntelliJ, and Eclipse to submit...). The guides show how to get started on a Mac. The software is not the same on Windows, and so 'step by step instructions' become a guessing game, because many options or menus are missing or different.There are many better and more friendly guides on the internet. I may return to the transcripts of the course content here, but I won't be submitting any coursework. I'm going to warn my colleagues away as well. Forget Coursera - I'll just buy a book and work through it like everyone else I know.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
We spent several months waiting for this capstone to appear. The instructors dissapeared and nobody knew if this one was going finally to happen or what.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
greed rules.... previously the course was free including the quizzes to check whether one learned something or not; now you have to pay 60$ just to check your learning progress (I do not need a certificate, just learning for myself)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The actual educational aspects of the course are interesting and insightful but the requirement to grade the work of others makes this course a chore to get through. If the material wasn't so useful, I would have rated this course 1/5. If the peer review requirement did not exist, it would easily have warranted a 5/5 rating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is so basic and simple.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too little content for the price.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately I think the level for this course is very low and not worth paying for, it has a very local perspective of logistics (not involving international logistics but only US operations), there's no communication with the professor or assistants, so it's basically watching a few very short videos explaining general concepts that apply only to certain types of operations.The assignments are very vague, with no requirements or restrictions provided, basically anyone can write anything and as long as you follow the requested format it will be graded ok; grading is not based content and therefore there's no way to know whether you're learning and applying the concepts properly or not.Wouldn't recommend paying for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
you have access to the material, but you have to pay 80 USD to take simple quizzes....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Aside from a new interesting ideas (from a JFK speech and John Dewey), I found this course to be stretched pretty thin; I think this class would have been effective as a 2 or 3 week course instead of 9 weeks. Also, it was unclear why the focus was on CLASSICAL music, since so many examples come from other artforms (e.g., Ai Wei Wei) and I'm sure the discussions would be richer if they considered popular music as well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A pure misapprehension it was. The course involved many interesting conceptions (like how modern conceptions of civil society differ from Hegel’s) and discussions of many really worthy persons (like Pablo Casals, Bronisław Huberman, or Ai Weiwei) but did not pertain music as such. Mere two peer reviewers per submission turned peer reviewing into a kind of lottery.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could not follow very easily. Confused, gained nothing from the lectures. Really no substance to it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult to understand the professor, and slides were hard to readThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not as detailed or practical as I hoped for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Slow, never to the point, repetitive, presentation and communication outdated. This class is a text high schooler student's nightmare almost to the point to be an homage to the boring economic class at the beginning of " Ferris Bueller's Day Off "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhiCFdWeQfAThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The subject of this course is awesome and very interesting. But the effort that Berklee put into it is nothing compared to what they give to students, on their official website. I completed a Certificate with Berklee online and I do not recommend this course - but I do recommend Berklee Online courses, with written lessons and interactive works!P.s.: the videos stop all the time and this makes it harder to follow what the teacher is saying!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
unable to do assignment wo today is last dateThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've done a few online courses on various, and for me, this is poor. The content is gratingly simplified, the delivery worse. The instructions for the assignments are impenetrable at best. Unfortunately, I can't gain those moments that I've spent on this course back.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it has to be reviewedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was interesting to a point, but there was no application of the knowledge gained. It was merely a regurgitation of facts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the whole waste of time and energyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are good, but in the assignments he asks for tasks that are not at all explained in the videos. For a beginner's course it is way too difficult and time consuming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Worst Course EVER on Coursera:It is important to realize at the outset that I am a very avid learner and always give everything a chance to be completely tried out before giving a judgement, and unfortunately, this course is by far, the only bad course I've encountered on Coursera for the following reasons:1- The professor wastes a whole week's module on explaining something trivial like the interest rate and compound interest rate without naming the necessary terminology that is commonly used.2- To make things worse, he has a condescending perspective on students and wastes so much time glorifying himself in an upsetting manner that patronizes learners.3- His demeanour is unprofessional and quite disturbing when he gives mentions at the end of the week that 'I can feel you. I can feel each one of you now' to the degree that even the camera-person filming him cuts his nonsense out.4- After putting up with all his boring nonsense that I already know, despite being a linguist not a finance person, I gave him a chance and started doing his first 10-question Quiz, which was completely isolated from reality and unrelated to his course material or teaching.5- All questions were boring and calculation-intensive, and I still gave him and a chance and went through the whole boring set of 10 questions just to tell me that it needs upgrading for such a banal and facile course.Now, I have an idea about the level of Teaching at Michigan University and I will recommend all my friends not to attend such a university due to the previously-mentioned reasons.A complete waste of space.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seems like the course loses its focus about on-half of the way through. It stops being about music and suddenly becomes a discussion about liberal social issues. I completely lost interest in it at that point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not recommended at all. She gets some things right, but really wastes the opportunity to drill the most fundamental and important point about philanthropy: namely, that the most important factor in assessing a non-profit's value is effectiveness, and non-profits vary in their effectiveness by many orders of magnitude. Furthermore, a small number of Charity Evaluators and Meta charities have identified those charities which most effectively address the most common values of aspiring philanthropists.I don't recommend this course for anyone. Rather, I would strongly encourage anyone seriously interested Giving to check out Peter Singer's course, "Effective Altruism".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course....but way out of my depth! Too mathematical for my liking; would have preferred more balance to this course!! None of us are going to calculate things to such an extent....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a lot of material in this course that has not been explainedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very good course material. However, Graphlab is no longer free to use for commercial purpose.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are considering this specialization I would recommend the Andrew Ng course instead and the main reason is that it isn't depend on proprietary ML framework. Despite the good lectures, the assignments don't help you develop the knowledge required for ML developer role.Taking in consideration the permanent postponing the courses delivery, from summer 2016 to summer 2017, finally the most interesting part of the specialization was cancelled. I'm completely disappointed with the specialization learning expirience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy about course 5 & 6 got cancelled.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No good without the missing course and capstone projectsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This specialization is delayed for months now - very annoying! Don't give them money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturers try to keep the instructions basic and pedagogical. Pretty good. Everything in this revolves around a tool graphlab create. Not so great, I think. It is not free (you get a one year licence) and hides all the action from the user. I don't like that the course then makes me feel that I must rely on a specific product to solve problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm a statistician, not a programmer. There is so much detail and explanation about the statistics and concepts behind how it works, but there is hardly ever an actual lesson on the code used or needed to implement the algorithms. When trying to fumble my way through the code, I found, on several occasions, the code in the self-directed lessons to be incomplete (I'm referring to pieces of code that were obviously meant to be there, but were missing), causing hours and hours of anguish and turmoil. I feel like there should be a lot more time spent on the actual coding and learning how to implement it within the code (similar to the 1st course), rather than spending an exuberant amount of time going through derivations and no time on actual coding and how to implement it within the programming language.If you are a software designer/engineer or programmer, then you should be fine as long as you pay attention to the very long lessons and derivations and can fix the broken code that you are given. There are other mistakes within the quizzes as well, which make them near impossible to pass. For example, it is unclear which model you need to use to calculate in order to get the correct square foot. On other occasions, the question actually specifies to use the model from (3), whereas it actually wants you to use the model from (4) instead to get the correct answer. This course needs to have better quality checks to ensure needlessly lost time is minimized.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are two frustrations with this iteration of the series. One: the quiz questions are often opaquely worded. Instead of being tested on the material just learned, it seemed like the objective was to learn to decode test questions.2 and the most glaring omission, was that when students are asked to provide functions, only some are provided with a follow up test to ensure the function is working properly. If the output is syntactically correct but provides incorrect output then you're moving forward blindly after that. Then add the quiz questions from problem One above, and you're just wasting your time after that and building up frustration. Validating your code as you move along seems like a pretty rudimentary process to impart to students and when the teachers don't practice it themselves, there are bound to be problems.I like the intent of the course, and considering my outsider background to computer science, the mathematics etc, I did learn a fair bit. Not enough to justify the increasing frustration I was feeling toward the end of this course. I have no intention of taking any more at this point, not from these authors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was not aible to complete this course for free. That was very disappointing! Universities like Stanford and John Hopkins find the opportunity to offer similar courses free of charge to peoople who want to learn. From University of Washington I have expected the same. Your bad!Best regardsKonstantinThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this was a really boring course not for the contet bu the teacher i fell bored every video because the theacher was really slow in everything tha she was showing, it is realy dificult to get focussed in the real topics when the teacher spend a lot of time explaining things at the end wont be evaluated. As an example I am not english native speaker but a had to put the playback speed to 1.50x in order to not get bored in all videos, it was really dificult to follow the teacher at the normal velocity , i just got sleep every video. and as a record i really like this topic so it is the tacher, I took the first course and it was a good experience but this one is owfullThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is structured around a specific and costly Python library called Dato. It is possible to do the homework without it, but it is EXTREMELY difficult to do so. If the course wasn't structured around using Dato, it would be a lot simpler and a easier to complete the assignments. Also, a lot of the mathematical notation was written in a kind of psuedo Python code that made things confusing sometimes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've spent a bit of time going through the Specialisation (paid for one course here) and other courses online that offer Machine Learning with Python. I looked at books too. I've come to the conclusion that it's unforgivable to teach it using graphlab (that you have to pay for after free licence expiry) when everyone else teaches scikit learn (sklearn) for good reason.The tools used on this course are also not very good.Everyone else teaches using text editors - for a good reason, you learn how to code properly.The lessons are also dry and there are far too many of them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
gets way too in-depth with the math behind regression, to the point that it deters from the learning process. was hoping to learn better methods of interpreting or enacting regression, not the inner workings of the algorithms.assignments got overly complex with confusing instructions. there are definitely some leaps made in the assumptions of what students' python capabilities are. vague instructions caused more frustration than desire to continue learning.will continue in the specialization, but will not hesitate to drop out if instruction continues like this.very disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pace is extremely slow. The instructor writes and talks simultaneously. The words are put so slow that it puts me off too sleep at times. I love taking courses where the instructor speaks at the right pace and keeps you involved. Carlos, the co instructor. One of the perfect MOOC is Calculus One by Jim FowlerThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Would have liked to do the assignments if they weren't all locked by payment requirementsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
2nd time trying this. Hard to understand subject. Short class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
need to change the instructor and the way the course is being taughtThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
With all due respect to the lecturer (its obvious that he is intelligent and an expert on the subject), I found this lesson not easy to participate because of inordinate learning curve and fast accent.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 3 application assignment is buggy. If you input correct answers they will be marked as incorrect. You must use trial and error to find the wrong answers the quiz is looking for. It's a badly designed assignment that wastes students' time and creates a lot of frustration. Would not recommend the course because of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not well moderated, the material is confusing, and the quizzes were not tested before uploading them onto Coursera. This specialization is definitely not on par with other specializations I have done.BLUF: There are better uses for your money and time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Test questions for week 3 are incorrect and do not match video / reading. Had to go to YouTube to figure out most of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the content (common predictive regression and classification algorithms and tools like XLMiner) was useful, little to no support was provided in the forums. The assignments in Week 3 and Week 4 in particular were either vague or had errors that nobody double checked and course-takers had to use trial and error approach to get answers right.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course starts very simply with data clean up (almost too simply!), but then goes DEEP into the weeds of regression and fails to explain how to apply these complex concepts to any real world application. For example, if I build a regression model, how might I use it in my analytics role at work and explain the results to my stakeholders? How do i interpret the results of the regression for making informed business decisions? How do I predict an outcome with a Tree or Neural Network? I found the instructor very hard to follow/understand (thank goodness for the written transcripts). He's clearly extremely intelligent, but fails to relate these concepts to the student in order for the student to take away anything more than "These complex concepts and tools exist."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This teacher is an amateur.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course should be named basic iOS programming.The course doesn't provide professional UI design, just teach some basic which Human Interface guideline has.Also the instructor doesn't seem iOS expertise.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is NOT free to submit test results.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Primarily focused on US politics and the US policy system. Discusses mostly the problems with the US system of governance and it therefore not really useful for international viewers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the third Coursera course I have completed. I am nearing completion on two others. I had high expectations for this one but it was the only one I have been disappointed in. In comparison with other MOOCs I've participated in which have clearly been designed with online delivery and audience in mind, the format of this MOOC was not engaging. It's also baffling that they would spend nine weeks on public policy in the 21st century and only include one female speaker and not a single person of colour. The 21st century at the University of Virginia must look quite different from the 21st century where I am. There was also a lot institutional promoting of the University of Virginia / Batten School itself which I haven't experienced in other courses. While I did find some of the speakers and subject matter to be of interest, I had hoped for more from this MOOC.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class would do well to have supplemental or required readings and much more difficult quizzes. I think it would be possible to have one's wisdom teeth removed and complete this course on a binge-watching spree while on pain killers. That shouldn't be possible. Good lecturers, though.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Did not like the course, complicated concepts and poor representation. ( i still really really appreciate the efforts of those who put it together with their hard work)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very hard to follow. Needs to clarify more on it's work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not like the Course. Too difficult for me. Slides are too full of written lines that professor Navarro simply reads.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor mostly reads off the slides. Some explanations are too short. Can't connect on any level with the instructor.2 stars is for the course content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
uses and ancient version of pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very well designed for total beginner of programming. But if you learned any language already, it is too too too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
homework is badly designed. it covers too little materialsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you plan to purchase this course, enjoy, but the course isn't really free.You can watch the lectures, but you must pay to unlock the python playground. There's no real point to the course if you can't test your knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a first time programming class using Python. This is not what I was looking for. I wanted an introduction to Python for someone who knows a some programming already. Also, this teaches Python 2, which no longer cuts it, especially for an intro class where you'll be taking further work. It may have made sense when this class was done 3 years ago. It does not now.The teacher was very lively and engaging, and I would enthusiastically recommend taking an online class with him, but the class is out of date and not what I was looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
make the other courses freeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hate this class, I wasted 200 bucks on this crap and now I am stuck taking it...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the lectures were a little slow about providing information, they were entertaining.But I feel very mislead about the costs. The lecturer repeated over and over how everything is free but, in the end, only the first course in the series is free. Then you must pay a monthly fee in order to go on.I would not have continued with the first course if I'd known that was all there was going to be.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't learn anything new. Too much of chit chat.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not that good if you have experience with other programming languages.It's waste of time and money, you should take it as audit.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The title of this class should have read "Programming for Anybody that already knew a decent amount about basic Programming(Continuing with Python)"The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course hasn't been upgraded to Python 3. I've been following along using Python 3 code myself, but it's 2017, and Python 2 reaches End of Life in 3 years at 2020.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material is fine. In fact its good. However I completed the entire course in 4 hours. Whilst I have some basic programming experience I am by no means an expert. There really is very very little material in this course. The assignments are also very simple and automatically graded. The course fees are not particularly transparent. I think the course is FAR too expensive for the content provided. All of the other reviews I have seen for this course are a single line such as 'I liked the course a lot' or something equally vacuous and unhelpful. If you are a beginner I would suggest trying 'Python for the absolute beginner' by Michael Dawson. If you have ANY programming experience, you might be better with a more advanced course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is too basic. Boring if you have ever programmed before. I would enclose the full content of this course into a week as part of the second course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too easy and full of straw (meaning thing not needed)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
all this course justified one class at top.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i had technical problems with both coursers's online system and also with the 3rd party online coding toolThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All the lectures are not clearly explained and a fresh person cannot understand few things and even in the assignments not mentioned properly what has to be done and if not how to solve them and how can you imagine the learner knows all the terms related to web or the particular language..? you need to explain the new terms which you use in the lectures and the lectures should be elaborate and should stress more on the basic things like abcdefg here you need to explain a in detail b in detail c in detail so on then after in the next lectures you can move fastly.Not satisfied.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course did not meet my expectations. I would not have paid the $80 for it knowing what I know now. I also found the lectures to be not very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Trivial course. This 7-week course can be easily completed in an hour.I learned nothing from this course that I did not already know about python.This course is strictly for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely basic. I wouldn't even call this a full course. It's about half of an introductory course. I assume the pacing is to allow for people that may have difficulty with learning the language. I'm not certain that it has the depth necessary for those that may have difficulty though. If you are at all serious about learning to program, don't limit yourself to this course, or it's pacing. I would suggest researching every subject covered, to get a bit more depth, and moving through it at a brisk pace. If you take the pace suggested in the course, you're likely to have bought a new computer before you can program anything extremely useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Useless Quiz and not enough Challenge CodingDatacamp or codeacademy do a better jobOnly for absolute beginners(Others please try something else, you will waste your time learning nothing)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the greatest Python course in the world. Teaching seems unprofessional and disorganized, technical issues are common, and the discussion forums do not offer much value, as you cannot discuss your code with your peers, and the forum staff are more than often unhelpful. The exercises are unoriginal and do not require much creative thinking - often it's enough to copy & paste code from the lectures and change a few variables around! You're better of looking for other Python beginner courses on the Coursera platform, as well as on other platforms. The only thing I liked about the course were the interviews with people behind Python, but otherwise the course does not facilitate deeper learning and is not engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its too easy. The exercises and quizzes are too simple to solve. Once can easily read 4-5 chapters from book in a single day and can complete this course. I feel that the duration (5weeks) for this course is way too long. The concepts discussed could have been easily understood in 3 weeks (at max). Also, I think the fees is high for such trivial concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This Course is bad! I try to ask for help and then mentors only reply with I cant help you because of the Honor code. Well tat doesn't sound like much of an honor code to me. Of course I am doing my own work duh! I just need help. Dont we all need help from time to time. I think Coursera needs a lot of improvement. I am extremely dissatisfied with Coursera and this course but especially the mentors and their lack of mentoring. Education should be uplifting and positive and an area where individuals can ask question and receive help and not be scolded for asking help or asking questions like a beat down dog. I mean really I think Coursera needs to go take some hints from a real school or university and seek information on education and how it is best when students teach each other and If I can ask for help and learn from others and give then the opportunity to help me that whats the point of a discussion board. Do away with the discussion board or change the way the honor code is written. Yes I agree with Honor and doing your own work but come on. Help and tutoring is a valuable part of education and necessary to learning! Please make the necessary changes to better Coursera and make it a more positive educational experience. I mean please I am trying the best I can with what I have got and no one seems to want to help me learn and improve on my skills and my understanding. Make changes and make them now.Another reason I hate this course Is that Coursera does not believe in people helping one another. Then the mentors cant even explain how to work through the problem. The menotrs make things more stressful than they need to be because the dont give help or hints or clues. People need to talk to people on the phone or in person or the instructor needs to give better examples so people can better figure things out on their own. I just think Coursera is crap and this has been a very unpleaseant experience for me. Then on the discussing board i see others struggling with the same things and the mentos dont help them. People are pleading for help and not receiving any guidance or direction to help them figure things out. Things need to change with this program. They need to change soon!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is way too slow and boring. I am disappointed I have paid so much for so few content here. Why a full specialisation cycle when one or two courses would probably have been more than enough ? Too much distraction as well, with "funny" videos that I had to pay for...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sense of humour is off-putting. Tone is unnecessarily childish ("Python is yelling at you"). Key ideas are unmotivated (just trust me, functions are useful!). Includes line of code impossible to understand in earlier videos (e.g. loops appear in earlier weeks). Office hours just seem like professor showing off all the places he goes to. I enjoyed the interviews with people discussing their work or history.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very simple, very slow. For someone with programming experience it is a drug, for someone new to programing (I am thinking my son) not very captivating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material is very basic for anyone with even the smallest amount of programming experience. Very slow paceThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think that this course was too basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too expensive to be that simple.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pretty bad as far as I am conerned. I spent two days clicking back and forth and listening to a lot of talk that taught me nothing. Sorry about that, but there are better courses on the Internet than this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did like this course however it is very very basic. I think it should have been merged with course 2 as the course contents are as good as one week work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too easy for cs major.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos ramble too much which makes it hard to really dig into the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To be honest, I thought the course stumbled and fell short. It was too basic and slow paced. The tone was a bit immature at times, and perhaps appropriate only for a grade school level classroom--not something for working professionals. And it's certainly not mature enough or challenging enough for a university class. Even if the goal were to teach those with no programming experience, it could accomplish that while providing more content, and making the content relevant.Is the course worth the price? Hell no. If you do pay, you may feel very cheated at the end. The entire course can be reduced to 3 pages of notes. One would be better off checking into other free, online tutorials.I'm not sure about the value of the videos titled "Office Hours." They all appeared as self-promotional behavior from the professor, as if to say, "hey look how great I am making this video in Paris." They're really nothing more than that. In one video, he corners a guest speaker at a conference, who appears annoyed after a few minutes and gives the professor a polite brush-off: "other people here would like to talk with me too." After all of these videos, you will ask yourself, "okay, why did Severance make me watch that?" "What was the point?" And you'll shrug your shoulders and say, "another waste of time."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pace is two slow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It does not worth a penny to spend time in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor feedback and advice with those who really do not know of programming. To shame!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class is very very basic for the offered price. Not suitable for someone from Computer science background looking to learn Python as this can be done with couple of hours of self study. Not sure why Coursera would make such begginers class mandatory for the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Far too easy and too expensive. I did this "seven week" course in about 2 hours. I can get much more thorough instruction from Code Academy for free or low cost.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only for those who are new to everything involving computers. If you know how to turn your own computer off and on, look for a more advanced course than this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has been dumbed down so much that no moderately intelligent person should be subjected to it. Coursera really needs to rethink its approach to teaching. I can only express my sympathy for those were seduced into actually paying for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too easy, even though I understand it's the first course of the series. But, great professor!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was too easy and very basic. Not challenging enough. but maybe I wasn't the right student for the class. The lectures are too slow and repetitive too.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
We tried to use this class to teach a brown bag lunch for our employees interested in programming. Python is a great language but this class has a very low content to volume ratio (nobody wants to watch the instructor meet his life-time idol at a trade-show or watch the Intel versus AMD melt-down commercials over their lunch break).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course is suitable for beginningThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very disappointed with this programming course. The course lacks detail and deepth and could be taught in 45 to 60 minutes instead of 7 weeks. The quizzes and assignments were to easy and basic (solved in less than 5 minutes) and definitely not enough. Annoying was the overuse of colours in almost every video (almost everything was coloured - highlighting everything is just as usefull as highlighting nothing, green box with white text inside - did you try to read that on a different monitor than yours?), the pointless and useless doodles, smilies and whatsoever, wasting my time by watching you dispose your teabag/drinking tea or coffee/talking about your mug/etc., why do you even need to drink in a 20 minute-or-less video. The Tutor tried to loosen a dry topic. Mostly it wasn't my humor but I can live with that. I had hoped for more :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I knew R and was looking for an intro to Python. If you already know some programming this class is too basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry, the professor has a genial & cheerful personality, but the program material is just too basic, and it takes forever to wade through it all. I will enrol in more advanced courses. My mistake, not yours, thanks for the opportunity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not a start, at the end of the course, you still can't use python. And even the tools don't work properly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The "professor" spews the material like reading poetry. The material is disorganized jumping from one topic to another and back. The quizzes are just plain dumb containing questions like "what article was written by authors x, y, z". The homework is barely related to the material and one of them, the one that made me abandon wasting further time with this class consists of wasting a huge amount of time (days) configuring parameters and running an application over and over again to tune them(waiting up to ten minutes on my i7 machine to make one pass over the data). My impression is that this guy didn't spend any time to prepare this course and just used the material/homework from a more advanced class that he did previously. You will not learn almost anything by taking this class, as none of the topics is explained well and is the opposite of self contained. Just a huge waste of time...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
An ambitious sweep across the NLP landscape. Requires at least intermediate knowledge of Python; especially the programming assignments are barely doable without advanced debugging skills. Exercises often refer to material not covered in the course up to that point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is important and the course goes through a great extension of the NLP topics but the methodology is bad. The video lectures are often overcharged with many different varieties of a processing method that is not well explained. The quiz are often not well related to the lecture and the assignments are badly explained and there's no much documentation related to them. Comparing to Andrew's ML course, this one is really bad.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After about week 6, helpfulness decreased quite a lot..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't have the impression that much effort was invested in this class to present natural language processing as introductory as possible for beginners in this field, i.e. someone who not necessarily has a background in computational linguistics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments were not well supported by the lecture material, which were much to shallow. I guess an Intro level course is going to be broad and shallow, but if you are going to have assignments that require implementation then that should be better supported by the material. And don't even get me started on the final...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is not well adapted to a digital format.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course SEEMS to be a great course. But personally I think it's not.It talks about so many things but none of them are explained clearly. I can't get the picture of this field clearly.The assignment looks nice. But it's not. First, it's not well-organized. Sometimes you need to look at next week's course to do this week's quiz. The programming assignment is VERY VERY unsatisfying. It's not explained clearly; there's no helpful instruction; and it is very confusing. You need to spend hours and hours just UNDERSTANDING what you need to do. And some algorithms are not even told in the course and you need to implement them! I know this could be a good exercise but I would hope it at least provide some useful resources.Generally, I am very disappointed. I feel like I'm spending hours and hours but learning nothing. Just confusion. Please consider reformat the homework; make it more doable for new learners in this field.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Initially, I was excited about this course, but I lost interest due to two things. First, while the beginning segments about how we know the Presocratics was great, the presentation of the early Milesians was shallow and did not deepen my understanding of their world and thought. Then, the section on Parmenides made me lose faith in the teacher - she presented his main ideas in such a way as to obscure his vision, which is of what we now call a multiverse, a world in which all things exist potentially. The best part of the course was that it made me seek out other writers about Parmenides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lecture videos were fantastic! Instructor was amazing. I have a big problem with the final project in Week 5. The entire courses was focused on statistics, yet the final project was focused on R. I wish I had prior R knowledge before starting this course, yet on the front page it says it's a beginner specialization. I would recommend learning R and ggplot before this course. It will make the course a lot less frustrating!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course will teach you a little bit of statistics and leave you confused with R. The first four weeks are very straightforward. They give R code for everything. However, this is not good because it does not prepare you well for the last project in which you have to do the whole project using R. This is almost like learning how to cook without knowing how to use a knife.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There were key definitions and concepts that were stated wrong in this course. Please read the student forum for details.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Speed is very fast for a basic level student. The data explanation and correlation demonstrated is not clear.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's no point in auditing the course since you don't get access to the answersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
thanks for your effort to make videos, but this is the first time find a class that i can not submit my answer to check if it is correct or not before my account is upgraded. Disappoint to Coursera and Duke.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very engaging. I ended up just reading the notes as videos were slow and took too much time. Not enough pathophysiology or treatment details for me as a healthcare provider. Disappointed after taking a previous course which was wonderful...student conversations and dialogue from around the world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was heavy on data and light on implications and course corrections. It would have been more helpful to outline the types of behaviors that make an individual fall into a specific category socially and how to change what your currently do to enhance your social likability.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very basic, tool based solutions, no real content behind.Usually these courses are about learning and being mentally challenged not getting a toolbox.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course needs much more evidences and examples to support the valuable information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course is theoretical, it would be better with more examples and case studies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course has a very important content. But I believe that it could improve it's quality, develop better slides, the teacher could be more dynamic.Other features like innovative assignments based on real life, partnerships with companies to provide content, and everything that could be a differential to the course will be awesome.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, and only scratching the surface of a much larger topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lack of insights and practical informationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry to say this Course is really boring, poor in resources and I'm sorry to say this but it's the worse Coursera Course I've attended .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is well organized but I don't think it covered all the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too base for experienced people, not enough fundamental for beginners.After 2 weeks didn't find any useful information, it also very boring, so recommend to see video on 1.25 -1.5 speed.The course need to be significantly changed:1. Who are the target audience2. How many resources do we have (time etc)3. What we would see as a result of course (knowledge, skills (hard, soft)etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is not very useful due to its lacking of practical examples and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course material was quite boring. I have gained some theoretical knowledge about problem solving and decision making techniques, but we weren't given enough practical examples on how we should apply these techniques at work. I wish the lecturer had t suggested additional material on the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very brief , some points are leaved without explanationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course really isn't that useful for day to day management decision making. It might be more useful for those who look solely at long term data and make choices "at a distance" so to speak. Very heavy focus on charts and graphs....so there's a lot to it but very little you can sink your teeth into unless you have a very specific type of management in mind.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring and not that useful...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Theoretically good course, could have been made more interesting by including more examples or cae studies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my point of view the course overall is a bit superficial (even though the decision-making part was very interesting indeed). More importantly, the course lacks one of the richest tools in MOOCS: peer interactions - people voicing their opinions and sharing experiences.Besides that: some of the questions in the quiz looked very ambiguous and there are some editing mistakes in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Doesn't go much further then common sense. Introduces terms for concepts you probably know, just didn't know it's a concept. The lecturer is terrible. His stories, or i guess metaphors that are supposed to help you understand and remember things are aweful. He takes way too long to get the point across.Some helpful things are mentioned. Gives you the ability to distiguish problem solving methods, so you may use them as required.Nonetheless, mostly wasted my time watching this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great first starter but poorly doneThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material was way to dry. Could not get interested in this classThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was very basic. I don't think I have learned anything new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is more likely a microscopic level of mos description. For me i like to have a devise design perspective on the MOS components .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was not really a course, but a person talking in front of camera some jibber jabber and not much to learn from these talks at all. If this was a way for Kimberley to increase her brand presence it did not go well. Talks were short with no real matter in them fill with jokes just to make time with them. I am sorry I did wait until the last lecture hoping that something will come out of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course need more improvement in the case of videos and always updatesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor quality...The "teacher" is talking and talking without saying anything concrete or giving some tools or practical suggestions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not even sure it worth one star, all due respect.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic overview of personal branding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos were not very professional.Depth of the subject was not there.Very introductory and generic course where personal branding as a subject was merely cursorily touched.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor quality videos make the course less appealing and make it seems to be unprofessionalThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For me this is too artificial.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Background is not clear and not able to understand lectureThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first course I was really dissappointed with. It came of as very subjective, unscientific and I could not take it seriously. Coursera usually has more credible courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The backbone of the course was useful, but I thought the lectures were lacking depth. The quizzes were way too easy, you didn't even need to follow the course to be able to pass it.The extra articles and links were one of the highlights.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its a good practical lecture but I think it have lots of room to improve. The material itself can be covered in 2 weeks lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic, no new material or ideas if you've been interested in the subject for a while, but it might give you a fresh perspective on how to present some subjects to your audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not so helpful. This generation already is familiar with everything taught here. Withdrawing the Honor Code Certification is so unethical. Not going to take any courses from Coursera from now on.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The topics are of interest however the course content could be presented better. In most instances it is hard to predict where the instructor is writing and is hard to read. Also writes over the slide material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lacks of subtitles. Very disappointedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is good to improve the listening skills, but the note taking is really boring, because it is focused in only one method, the Conell Note, This disregards individual differences, and I don´t think this method is the best for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Это не курс, а набор эзотерических, бездоказательных практик, которые способен придумать для себя даже школьник. Учителя Павла Кочкина, о которых сам он с гордостью рассказывает - Норбеков и Лапин. Псевдоученый с псевдостепенями и тантрист. Это Курсера?!This is not a course for Coursera! It's a shame that this kind of non-scientific blabber found its way onto this platform. The techniques Pavel Kochkin is promoting are basic to say the least. His teachers are a known quack and a tantrist. And Pavel himself is proudly telling his story of how he lied his way into a job for which he had no skills. He's giving false definitions to 'personality' and 'intrinsic/extrinsic motivation'. He's confident, he's got presentation and cute animation, but his message is just as quack as his teachers! I am shocked and disgusted. And on top of that there's A LOT of self-advertisement and links to Pavel's online courses.It's a shame MEPhE put its label on this course. It's tragic that Coursera swallowed it as well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is OK but the grading is terrible. Most of the grades are for peer reviews which depending on other students may never be completed particularly if your first try isn't perfect and you need to resubmit. I would not pay for the course until I had passed peer review as odds are you never will.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor teaches by reading the slides and does not even bother to explain the concepts. The course contents might be interesting, but now I'm dropping this course because they are not explaining any concepts but are just giving facts to memorize.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is overwhelming. How can you put a 30 minute video for a class? Can you divide it or make it simpler? Tutor is not explaning, he only reads; he reads sort of teleprompter and that's it. Boring. Very disappointed. And this is not my first course in Coursera. I feel I'm about to quit, and this is the second week...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The titles are interesting and curious to read, but the language is presentation of ideas is not coherent. The teacher does not provide practical techniques that can be used by a startup for marketing . I wish there were many more examples given and an applicable technique presented, that I could use as an entrepreneur.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I base my ratings of courses on 3 things:1) Is the material clear? 3/5Yes, for the most part, though the lecturer sometimes gets mixed up and uses terms like "class" / "object" the wrong way.2) Can I generalize from the material to other applications? 2/5This module spends a lot of time on C before you get to Objective-C specific material, so you don't get much Objective-C. There's a bit of a tour of XCode, but it's not particularly comprehensive. The apps you build are incredibly basic, and there's no real discussion of how to generalize from them.3) Is the course presented in an engaging way? 1/5This course is super boring. If you already know C, a lot of the content is a waste of time, but I imagine that if you don't know C this is not a good way to pick it up.So overall 2/5One other thing - the assignments are graded in a pretty bizarre way. You have to take a screencap video of your code and your app in action, upload the video, and then wait for another person to enroll in the course and review your submission. In return, you have to review three other people's videos. Sort of a rolling homework Ponzi scheme. This strikes me as a system that could be greatly improved upon!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very long lectures with ambiguous content. Many information provided are inaccurate, and the course doesn't teach neither programming concepts for beginners, nor high or even intermediate training for other developers.In my opinion, It's a waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Peer review assignments are too hand-held, making the assignments themselves worthless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are too many poured notions without practical explanations or case studies. Slides are read bullet point after bullet point without added value. The course is not compelling in any way. Too many references to a book said to be not compulsory.In the final exam right answers are not given.The course gives you just a smattering of the subject, nothing that you can apply with confidence on the job.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is not interactive enough, it's a waterfall of dry information. I'd expected more based on the generally good reviews. Say, more examples, better videos. Think twice before buying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Despite having high quality contents, the quantity wasn't as much as I expected. The number of videos could be a lot more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found this course disappointing. Whilst the presenter, Margaret Meloni, was enthusiastic and pleasant to listen to, the content was very sparse indeed. A large part of the content each week was simply reading a presentation which you could get from a book. I would expect an online course to be more interactive, have more videos, and more varied content. I found the case studies (where you had to imagine a real life situation and select a decision) useful - there was one of these per week when I think there could have been more, perhaps three a week. The course would also have been improved by the use of peer assessment on the assignments. This would have made them feel more worthwhile and that someone else was actually reading them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt the initial splash screen was a bit time consuming, also lot of the knowledge felt like more bookish. Could have been different styles of management and approaches or even how leaders in the past like Dale Carneige would have approached. This course has a lot of potential and I feel revising the next version would make it so much better for novice program managersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The flash tutorials are helpful. Instructor quality is low, production quality of instructor videos is low. Not on par with the University of Virginia project management course. Pace of course is also extremely slow, though it may be appropriate for novice students. That should be made clear up-front in the course description.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very through introduction course, very helpful for those who are preparing for PMP exam .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good as overview, but pretty shallow. Only some slides to read through, no real exercises but constant reference to the standard project management book. Pretty fast click-through as start into project management.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is purely subjective, but I could not keep myself awake and sustain interest long enough to finish the one section I paid for. I guess I should have tried one for free first...I tried to tell the Coursera staff to remove the course from my list and that I did not need my refund, but sadly, it sits on my 'enrolled courses' list, perhaps permanently until I cancel my account. Luckily, I did figure out how to turn off the almost twice daily notifications.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class is taught a terrible pace and is very old-school in it's thinking. It was pretty painful to get through actuallyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some good concepts and stories, but lacking in specific techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course disappointed me. I expected to receive knowledge about negotiation. But it's more advertisement for the book. I did every step in the course until the quiz and the quiz asks for knowledge which wasn't in the course. I assume that i should have read the book to be prepared to do the quiz. That's not why i registered on coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have mixed feelings about this course. I notice that a lot of courses like these in US colleges are incredibly glorified. The professor sounds knowledgeable, I have to admit. The material, however, seems mostly like common sense. Most of it is life skills that you simply pick up over time. Just like business courses, people love to label everything concept or process with some kind of nice sounding term to make it look professional or whatever. Also, very boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Professor is very slow and boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Profoundly knowledgeable, but very soft spoken Professor - was difficult to maintain interest and energy especially in this remote learning medium.Decided to table this course for a while and revisit when my learning attitude is calmer and more in-line with his communication style.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor content, only a book accompanies the videos and we should not be forced to buy anything!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very well organized course to teach the essential principles of negotiation. The course material moves incongruently between legal and business negotiation tactics, which would make it difficult for any untrained future negotiator to understand the art of negotiation and ADR for business and law.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good context, however, long videos, didn’t catch my attention.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Wasn"t great. I didnt find the tests greatThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought the instructor was very well organized, and knowledgeable. However, the information I received, at times, appeared more descriptive than informative. What I mean, is that I feel that we were told a lot about how things are, and very little about what to do. Overall, great instructor, I had expected more "strategy" and "guidance."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only few starting videos give new information and techniques, the rest 80% is quite useless. Course would be much better if it gives real tips and techniques rather than constant repetitions of the same information in different forms. If you read the course contents - you already get 75% of what is presented in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Repetitive and stating the obvious from all sorts of angles. But this may be usual for business classes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, didn`t enjoy this course at all. I have gone through 7 courses on Coursera and finished them with the biggest pleasure and great results. This time I had to leave the course before finishing because:1st: content is organized awfully (for example "HTML overview" - I knew all the material so I have an idea how it should look like, but lecturer started from the middle of all concepts, than moved to the beginning and together it looked like an unlinked content. I have simply lost a logic inside this.2nd: Very difficult to get an idea: lecturer doesn`t try to simplify the content, even opposite - I had a feeling, that he makes easy things complicated for a reason. My husbend is a programmer with 10 years experience and when he watched the lecture he said, that even for him it was difficult to understand all the thing (things he actually knows). All these terms used, no relevant examples, too complex words and so on - I lost concentration, I had to google a lot of unknown terms, I had to stop lecture every 30 seconds to reread or repeat the peace of lecture, because I could not understand it. As I mentioned, I know HTML well, but it was described so complex, that it was difficult to link my actual knowledge to lecturer words.3rd: not international student friendly. Use of complex words in places where they were not necessary, complex structures, too fast language... I am pretty good in English, but had to stop video and to google translate some "smart" words lecturer used without particular need - I don`t mean definitions, just some epithets to make his speech "smarter". I completed Coursera specialization by Michigan University and it was completely easy with plain text, short sentences, so well made for international student.4th: this is boring. I am sorry, but this is true. I am interested in all these questions, but for some reasons I lose my attention every time. Maybe the reason is in all points I have just mentioned, but I didn`t enjoy this course at all and it was the first time I didn`t enjoy something connected with web app development. Please, don`t be mad at me - lecturer is a very charming and charismatic person, but I simply don`t like how the material is presented.5th: I have a feeling like all slides are taken from some scientific books and lecturer reads comments from some science articles, it is not like described with own words, simplified for better comprehension, cleared with own real-life examples and in atmosphere of friendly conversation with some emotions and humor.Please, take my feedback just as my personal opinion and hope other students will enjoy it more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little participation so very little help to be found on the forums, and from what I can tell, absolutely zero staff participation. After a couple weeks it's looking like a waste of money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unable to download certain materials and no spontaneous reply was madeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very hard due to the difficulty of the explanation. The course has a lot of points to cover with few explanationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor speaks too slowly most of the time but then quickly glosses over complicated equations without much explanation of what the equation is or what the variables are or labeling the equations (he has multiple equations on one slide when talking). Some videos are 2 minutes, some are 11 minutes. Quizzes are exceedingly simple - 10 questions with only two possible answers each. 100% of the time, there is at least 1 question with the wrong answer. There have been no TAs to help answer questions or to rectify these wrong answers. All the while, Coursera keeps asking if I want to pay $45 to verify for this course. Ha!! You have to be joking. This class was disappointing. You'd almost be better off reading Wikipedia articles or a book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really dreadful: absurdly fast progress, with really dry graphics, where they cover the history of economics in about 30 minutes! To make things worse, the lecturer (who doesn't appear in the videos) speaks incredibly fast, while graphs and bullet point lists fly by on the screen. There's not time to process the information and complicated terms and processes are explained in just a few seconds.I'm disappointed as it looked like an interesting course but doesn't live up to some of the really great courses available which employ great teaching and delivery.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have been quite disappointed by this class. There were no suggested readings in addition to the quite basic videos. But the worst were the quizzs. 90% of the answers to the multiple-choice questions were the top option!! I could have pass the tests without having listen to the videos. Were those tests or jokes? You should do this class only if you know absolutely nothing about economics, because this is the most basic class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish I could rate this course higher but I didn't enjoy it and despite being 10/12 weeks into it, I'm going to stop now. The videos are hard to follow, the examples are few and far in between, some explanations (eg. exchange rates) are really poorly explained. I'm disappointed, I don't feel like I learned much!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much contents in short lectures. Hard to catch up and to understand.The tests after each class are poorly designed. Most correct answers are the first choices.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i can't see the course teacher so it look like the all parts of course are the sameThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If this class is truly designed and welcomes beginners who have no knowledge in SEO as it is described in course introduction, assignment instructions should be provided with sample writings or rubrics. The writing assignment instruction reads,for example, "Identify headers, alt-text, and etc. and recommend how to improve them for optimization." Where does it say provide alt-text images for recommendation, make a tie to the recommendation, and list references for the images recommend, if not 3 points off? The lectures are short, doesn't show much details of what is expected for audit writing or analysis writing, but my 2 page analysis or audit is not enough because a thorough rubric expects to see this and that that is not even mentioned in instruction? It is a common sense that a writer has to be detail-oriented with recommendations? Then the course SHOULD not encourage SEO beginners who has never seen SEO audits or analysis paper. If not, assignment instruction should be listed thoroughly as rubric, so that a beginner SEO student can pass the writing and take it as a learning experiences. Endless flunking mal-grading system, is this Coursera's education method?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very boring, not engaging at all. uses the phrase "you know" and "um" too muchThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No longer a entirely FREE course.All courses that require you to upgrade to submit quiz answers should be noted in the information about the course! I imagine you are loosing more and more people due to this. Once again greed takes precedence.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I just finished this course. I want to give a frank feedback since I see a lot of untapped possibilities in this course. On the strengths, it began with a high note and got me glued with expectations and promises. The instructor sounded extremely comfortable and confident with her subject, and had a very calming and pleasant presence which helped establish a kind of "remote" trust. On the improvement areas, I however have a few to list. For one, the intensity, rigour and to-the-pointedness of the content sharply fell after the first week. Having known about mindfulness, Metta meditations, gratitude, it became personally disappointing to me how this course conveyed so little about them and impacted so less than can be possible with the time and space alloted. The framework which initially looked hopeful is perhaps not the best framework, as much as is said about this not being "spectator course". Because this format diluted the intensity and possibility of the course, making it drag and bore towards the end. I wish there were guest interviews of more experienced academicians than what happened here as interviews from which there was little to learn. Honestly, this is my 4th of 5th course on positive psychology and this one will have to make many a fixes to any other that I've taken on coursera. The course ended and I find myself not a tad upbeater or nourished, or knowing something useful that I did not know already other than about vegas nerves which really did not make sense to end user who are here to know what and how to do things and feel better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a positive act to make people pay to be able to participate in the quizzes. The other audited classes allow everyone to participate in everything. We just do not become certified if we have taken the class for audit rather than credit.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cannot do the tests after modules, no reply from staff.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dropped out of this course twice is coz i found it absolutely dead. It says positive psychology but it really look so much constraint to even watch the first 3 videos without falling asleep. This is probably the worse course I've studied on coursera. I have studied at least 7 courses on Coursera- of which I loved Social Psychology and Criminal, and I even paid for the certificates. This course literally killed me.... The worst EVER I've come acrossThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Should state up front that there is no auditing. Unable to continue this course without Upgrading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Uncomfortable to watch and also a very outdated layout of the course, feels like a bad 90s American talk show.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It could have been more dynamic . The interviews were boring and there wasn't enough content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was not what I wantedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Superficial treatment of the subject matter. Presentation was awkward and slow, and at times condescending in tone. This whole course is equivalent to a 2 hour seminar on "How to live more positively" presented at local community centre. It is not university level learning - instead it seems glib and lacking in substance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry but I don't like the way this course was presented. Since this is about the science of happiness I would have preferred a more clinical approach.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Absolutely too perfunctory. Just a very slight notion of the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
University of Michigan is the way to go, This course is very out of dateThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Introduced too many tools in a single course. Javascript, CSS, JQuery is very vast and it is not possible to learn everything in one course. They should have been introduced one by one. It took a lot of time for me to capture what the video taught. I had to do a LOT of self learningThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great title of lection but their content's scarceThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I haven't completed the course yet but after html and css and some javascript, I didn't feel like continuing. the instructor doesn't suit me... kind of monotonous tbh. the content of the course seemed good but instructors play a huge role on delivering those content to the students so it just didn't work for me. especially the short haired instructor with constant hand movement and unblinking stare which is quite unnerving...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
HTML and CSS classes were great, but JavaScript classes were very confusing and difficult to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The concept of the course is excellent--short videos, quizzes, activity. The execution is extremely poor--the short quizzes often do not emphasize the elements focused upon in the video OR ask questions addressed in the next video (not the one just viewed) OR address issues that are not raised at all in this particular course (but issues from other courses in the specialization). One is penalized for being late with assignments and must shift to a new session if one is late. The weekly tests are absolutely ridiculous--they ask questions requiring the application of concepts which were barely covered, concepts which were not reviewed, or which require real world knowledge which cannot be assumed for someone who has no experience in this field.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It consists mostly of video lectures there is a lack of coding exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It can improve a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's really not good this course told us a very basic things never give us deep detail and in most of course it shows us the code and you should write like this but there is no deep understand what is itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Suitable neither for absolute beginners nor as a stand-alone course. For example, there are things that the quiz questions refer to that haven't been covered in the course, but you can't even look them up because they haven't given you the necessary terminology to find relevant information about them on google. This means that you'll be left looking through a minefield of resources that include the code in the quiz question but are actually about something else.I have now started using Lynda instead, and am seeing all the bad habits I've picked up and the holes left in my knowledge. Normally I prefer Lynda to Coursera for the assignments and the quizzes, but not in this case...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am really disappointed, to be honest! Course covers mostly trivial stuff; lectures are just presenting code snippets; many inaccuracies; nothing about HTML5; entire 4-week-class can easily be completed in one week.Definitely not near the quality I am used to from Coursera. Udacity’s "Intro to HTML and CSS" and "JavaScript Basics" are way better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it the course goes extremely fast, I do not agree with its tittle of basic nor the instructors provide sufficient information to achieve the final quiz goal, I am not sure about completing the entire course. Thanks anyway.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only shows a bit of javascript, css, and html snippets. If you expect to learn from this course, dont bother they mostly refer you to w3schools.com. They assume everyone knows how to code in html, javascript and css. At one point in the course the teacher says, if you don't know: Google, Yahoo,etc., but if you are going to have to google 99% of things, it's pointless taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Leaves out so much of basic stuff. I think this course is for 4th graders.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors are very knowledgeable, but the course seems to have the , "we just threw this together at the last minute feel". Many of the Quizzes are very poorly worded. The final project is a bit of a disaster as some of the reviewers are unable to unzip a generic '.gz' file and you can end up getting 0 points from those particular incompetent types.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course content is way too easy and inadequate to do any useful work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
really basic course. The second lecturer is disappointing.....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
almost nothing.is it a course.so frustating after one week.not details.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very low level , im sorry but this cant be even considered a good intro to HTML,CSS im going to stop wasting my time watching this.no chllange in the assignments or questions , + more of an overview of the basics then the basics ..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
so i will give one star because the title is misleading. I was expecting a course about responsive UI for website. But is yet again a basic introduction to HTML, CSS and JavaScript.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
many question in the quiz wasn't covered in the video lectures. I enrolled in this course looking for refreshing my info about the 3 subjects and hopefully gaining new in-depth info about them but the information presented during the course was very trivial and only covered few parts about the main 3 subjectsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs an overhaul. There are mistakes in some code examples and quiz questions are sometimes ambiguous. While I appreciate the work that has gone into making this MOOC, there are better courses available on Coursera to learn this material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was a lot of questions on the tests that were never covered in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It can be better! However I learnt useful tips!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only very very basics. They won't teach you make well formed HTML documents, complete CSS files or learn to program in JavaScript.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very hard to follow unless you have had a good deal of experience with programming. I would not really recommend. Like the teachers OK, but they all went through too much material way too fast and without proper explanation. I will take other classes on programming and then come back to this one again later (maybe).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have followed 2 courses at the same time: this one and "HTML, CSS and Javascript". They are covering the similar topics but this class has fallen short on most of the subject.Lecture time is very little. Short videos, and few of them. Each video is mostly non-focused talking, very few examples and so you don't learn much.By comparison, the other class has a lot of videos, each video is much longer and goes into many examples. Time is spent on focusing on the things to learn, and you get a lot out of it.I am dropping out of this specialization and will follow the other one which I hope will bring good content (unfortunately the following classes are not from the same teacher but from the same university). The following classes from this specialization are from the same teacher, so I don't think things will improve much.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very lightweight intro to HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery and a dash of Boostrap. The instructors barely introduce the topics, and then point out that we don't need them, we can just "Google or Yahoo" for the information.If you just need a shove to get you moving down a path, this might be helpful, or if you are brand new to HTML, this would be a relatively painless way to check it out. I'm just not sure there is enough hand holding over the difficult bits for someone brand new to coding. The materials are pretty sparse and there is not much structure.All four weeks are available at the onset of the class and the entire class can be completed in a weekend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very easy. Not worth the money it requests.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's very simple presentation for the topic. I believe that coursera is a Professional site for learners. So , I don't think people who visit this site don't know these basic rules. I mean what is to, CC, subject or stuff like these. I thought, the course give us more specific materials that we able to use when we write an email, for example, inside of the mail what rules we have to consider or what words or Word structures we should use.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the coarse needs a lot of improvement for the explaining way and the data offered wayThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not a business course. Explaining what an email is, and how to send attachments is completely irrelevant information.The title of the course should be more appropriate - Introduction to email, what is it and how to use it. Or something that gives people the idea that the course is about very basic information about emails.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is extremely basic. Its planning is best summed up: “Just show them a memo, have the participants write one, and boom, success!” That one small, peer-evaluated exercise is not worth the fee.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wouldn't pay $49.00 Dlls. for this course, nor the other courses within this specialization. This one contains quite a lot of errors. There's a lack of domain of the matter by the instructor and some concepts are poorly explain and incorrectly defined. It's quite a shame that this course is in behalf the UMAN's name :(. Hope this course gets upgradedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Needs to pay for submit assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Files used were for an older version of Meteor.js which made installing the application and doing the assignment really confusing . Help was not forthcoming and I eventually unsubscribed from the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not a course for beginners, even though you go through all previous the courses.There is no interaction at all with the professors or tutors.The Projects are evaluated by your own Classmates.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content from this course is already out of date for Meteor.js and links are broken.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of stuff is just glossed over and not spent enough time on.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are fine and the book is great, but the assignments have a lot of technical problems. I spent most of my effort trying to solve trivial issues with the sample code and dealing with the auto grader.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am kind of disappointed that you have to pay for the course before you can submit the solution to the problem set. However, that is not the main issue of this course, as I fully understand that the financial profit for the lecturer is very important. The main issue of this course is that the chaos in the symbol used in the second programming assignment, the lecturer cannot even main self-consistency in the symbol used. The statement of everything in both PA1 and PA2 is also very confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course content is good, however, material is explained fairly quickly and the lady who is lecturing is almost impossible to understand (due to a very strong accent and a very mechanical reading), which made me want to skip all her lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poorly presented course. Despite having completed quite a number of coursera courses before, and even being already familiar with a good deal of the preliminary material in this one, i soon abandoned it due to the inadequate and scrappily prepared presentation of material. Mercedes Paniccia in particular speaks in a virtually unintelligible expressionless monotone with no explanation or elaboration to relieve what amounts to little more than a list of definitions and bald statements such as can be found in the glossary section of many textbooks. I would strongly recommend finding an alternative course devoted to the subject or maybe seeking out a readable textbook.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It must be taught by someone who can speak english clearly. Sorry but I couldn't understand what Mercedes Paniccia spoke, which made the course even more difficult to understand. There are subtitles but it's not possible for everyone to put that much effort. This issue must be taken seriously to make this MOOC much better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great Lectures, big content, high academic level But...Lectures are deeply dull: all but 5 or 6 (on nearly 70) are long static videos of a lecturer speaking like he/she is reading, sometimes even robot-like speeches, no cacthy at all.Sessions are based on Peer Evaluation, but often to find peers is a problem. I worked hard to do my assignment on time, then I had to switch sessions because no one was assessing my work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was really hard to complete the course as not enough peer reviewers were there. Had to switch sessions twice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although I'm only the first week, there are two main comments I'd like to make.Firstly, why are the lectures sub-divided with the ridiculous, overlong, and irritating introduction for each section. In lesson one, this was repeated 11 times. What a waste of time!Secondly, the transcripts are in rich text, which is basically unreadable, has no line breaks, which makes reading the poems impossible, and the transcripts are poorly transcribed, making them illiterate.I feel I may not continue with the course for these reasons, even though the content is really interesting.This is the worst presented MOOC I have encountered.....I have completed 6, and am undertaking another 2, with edxcel and with futurelearnThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor Dinham's investigative and research based approach is great, and in my opinion much needed in the professional educational community worldwidely. The material is presented thoroughly and the second piece of peer-assesed assignment is pretty well explained.However, I think the course material proposed in the outlines should be more diverse, by adding complementary video lectures, research articles and book extracts in every week, since this was proposed in this way just in fifth week; course 5 of the specialization program is a great example of that.The first piece of peer-assessed assignment may improve by being clearer and giving the opportunity to the learner to express his/her own ideas, instead of request a summary from this. Multiple Choice Questions should follow the principles exposed in the 6th course of the specialization program, which seems to not be done at all. Forums prompts should be shorter and clearer by highlighting a single key question instead of a bunch of these as happened.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Having only video lessons is really heavy and time consuming. I'd like to have all the material in written format too so that i can come back to skim trough how some modal or tense works. Now if i wanted to recap something, i had to guess the video, and then watch it just to notice it wasn't the right one. Super difficult. Having all the material in well formatted written format, i could been able to easily skip the parts i already know. Now it wan't possible and i had to spend way too much time for simple things.Also more practices would have been nice. Now there was like three quiz questions per topic. that's not enough for proper learning. Most of the "gamified" practices outside coursera were good though. I encourage you to have more links outside coursera and point out material where i could deepen my knowledge about the topic.Also some times this course didn't explain differences between different ways of saying the same thing. It confused me a lot as i wasn't sure why one would say it in one way and other in some other way. If different ways of saying same things do not have any difference in meaning, nor emphasis on different things, it definitely should be mentioned too as it is also very valuable information.This course has lots of potential and the structure was good, but due to lack of good written material i can't recommend this to any of my friends :/The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To lock a quiz for payment is mean.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The presented material wasn't coherent for me, I didn't walk away with knowledge of functional design principles for larger/complex software. The topics presented seems just a bunch of topics next to each other.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A sharp decline in quality and cohesion from the Functional Programming Principles in Scala course. It may be worth enrolling just to hear Odersky's elegant lecturing at work once again, but if you're interested in the core concepts, I would highly recommend picking up a highly rated book instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The mix of materials from different courses hurts the structure of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected more. Week 2 on streams in my opinion was a very strong week and well worth time and effort. Week 1, 2 and 3 were pretty weak in my opinion. I don't feel like I've learned much or that the exercises reflected what was being taught in the lectures. For example on week 4 the exercises do nothing with futures even though there's 6 lectures on them. Week 3 spends 3 long lectures how to build a discrete simulation application and exercises are about property checking. Course felt disjointed and not really finished. Would NOT recommend and definitely would not pay 79 USD for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was still useful and with new information but I really found it lacking cohesion with the overall specialization and with its own content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Several courses have been combined. Content is not updated. Now is 2016.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's mixed from previous courses on Scala. Not coherent, many unrelated topics with little explanation of their importance and real-world use cases.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a re-hash of both the excellent "Functional Programming Principles in Scala" and the mediocre "Principles of Reactive Programming in Scala". Unfortunately, in quality it's closer to the latter: mixed quality, lectures that seem unrelated to their corresponding assignments, many errors (both typos and, more seriously, examples that don't type-check!) and a general lack of an in-depth motivation for the principles. Staff participation in my run of the course (2016) was disappointingly low; in some cases there was no response at all to students pointing out glaring errors in the lectures.It's very noticeable that this course is a patchwork of previous courses. In same cases the video lectures even display the wrong title for the course, or mention lectures that no longer exist in this version of the course!The course has interesting parts (I was especially thrilled when I saw there were lectures about FRP), but its quality is way below "Functional Programming Principles in Scala". I'm disappointed.To make this review constructive, my recommendations:1- Pay attention to quality. Make sure all examples compile and type-check.2- Make sure you're not repeating content already in other courses, especially if they are part of the same specialization!3- If you're going to re-use content from other contents, make sure it fits the current course. Do not mention lectures not in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In fact, this is an inconsistent attempt of re-implementing previous FRP course from the same authors. FRP course had many issues about homework/lectures being poorly related, this one is even worse. This is very frustrating, as a topic itself is one of the most interesting ones in today's software engineering.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much reuse of old material (assignments as well as lectures).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very interesting subject. I was really wainting for a course like that but, with all due respect and aknowledgement to the instructors, their is many ways this course could have been an inspiring and exciting journey. VincentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course tackles an interesting topic: why do we enjoy music?But there are two problems with this course:1) It fails to provide convincing evidence for its claims; the evidence is circumstantial and flimsy.2) The lecturer is, how shall I say this politely, monotonic. He lacks enthusiasm.My recommendation: if you are interested in the topic, take this course and make your own mind up. Maybe it will convince you. If not, you will have learnt a bit about human perception a sound perception.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very dry and uninspired.The lecturer monotonically reads off some material.The explanations don't usually make any sense.The quizzes are a guessing game, arbitrarily connected (or not) to the lecture material.In retrospect: a waste of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class isn't very good. It is confusing and not well explained, and the quizzes are too short and badly written. I gave up on week 5 (of 6) because I just didn't feel i was learning very much, particularly about what the title of the course would suggest you'd be learning about.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't understand very much of this course. Instructor relies heavily on the use of various charts. They were seldom explained in a way I could understand. Instructor seemed to believe that underlining things in the charts served as an explanation. After completing the entire course & listening to many of the lessons several times, I can't tell you "what we like to hear and why". Instructor speaks in a monotone with no emotion. Seems bored stiff. Seems like he's just talking, but his mind is elsewhere. Quizzes frequently contained questions for material to be covered in a future lessonThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Arguments that sound very unconvincing and unscientific.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I slogged through it and got an 89, but the videos were boring and the quizzes were poorly worded and should have had greater correlation with the course content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt more like I was part of some experiment to see how long I could tolerate boredom than that I was in class where someone was trying to share knowledge with me. Needless to say I did not make it to the end which is sad because I was genuinely interested in the content. The instructor's delivery was absolutely monotone and he did not seem to emphasize the key points in any way so I found it very difficult to retain any information or to even stay awake at times.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is odd that a course that concentrates so vehemently on speech tone, as a segue to music would be taught by a monotone and mostly unenthused professor. Often verbose, but never succinct, I had to listen to his drone twice to glean anything of value.His tests were wrought with "gotcha" questions, having nothing to do with the important material of the course. As a physicist, I was very disappointed in his treatment of the important equations associated with the mathematics of music (mentioned as "too hard" to understand).There was nearly no mention of rhythm and its importance in music, as relates to biology and/or emotion, and no mention of how those rhythms relate to heartbeat.I am deeply disappointed, but I do hope this critique is seen as an opportunity to create a better course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am dropping this course as it is too elementary. I had hoped for something at a more advanced university level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was interesting, but the quizzes didn't relate to the lectures very often. It was as if there was a major piece missing in this course. One of the questions even referenced a book that was never mentioned or made available. Also, several of the musical sections seemed to be in the wrong place. I think maybe this is one of the classes that doesn't work well in this format.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seems that all these types the course is based on are not quite scientifically proven. Also the materials are very pro-american culture like this link http://mentalfloss.com/article/65218/10-myers-briggs-type-charts-pop-culture-characters Not very helpful and inclusive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content of the course and presentation was great. But the audio quality was not so good. As they are echos on the background and need to set to high volume to heard the speaker.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very basic course and should state that in the description.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of formulas and theory which if attempted by the casual investor would quickly overwhelm him and reduce him to a babbling idiot with no investments.One useful tip: Use a 20% drop in "Consumer Confidence" to warn you of an impending recession and sell everything; back into equity when the Consumer Confidence level gets back to its trigger point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too repetitive. Very boring. Unnecessarily verbose. The instructor's tone of speech gets annoying after a while. I skipped a lot, and didn't finish it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too long, too academic, not practical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor was very goodbut there is a lot of assignments !!!a lot of record videos !!! every week !!! and the assignments it was very long for example 20 instruction for every assignment it is very boringmany people don't like record videos it is a bad ideaThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The support by the mentors could be much better. Because of the missing support I was not able to solve the assignments under Windows with Octave. I had to buy Matlab. (-2)It seems to me that the course is very difficult to complete without additional sources. (-1)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is impossible to submit quizes and programming assignments without purchasing the course. In my view this defies the goal of Coursera to provide accessible education anywhere in the world!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Superficial coverage of quiz and final exam material in the video lectures. Without getting the textbook and reading it in depth, it is difficult to do well in this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content seems to be excellent regarding "what" is presented. But sadly the sound quality is rather bad: Sounds like an age-old valve radio with A LOT of dropouts. And Professor Daphne is an agile and therefore less disciplined speaker which lessens the understandability of her speech in conjunction with the poor sound quality furthermore. Especially for me as a non-native foreign english speaker it is very hard to follow. And now I am at one point in the course, that is "Flow of Probalistic Influence", where she explains a concept without explaining what is meant with the used underlying notions "flow" and "influence" which makes me difficult to understand what is going on. That means in my point of view that the slides are not sufficiently prepared. Although I'm very interested in the topic I am asking myself after the first view videos if I should continue or drop because my cognitive capacitity is for me to worthful to use it for the decoding of badly prepared and presented material. Ok, my decision heuristic in such cases is "Use the hammer not the tweezers!". Therefore I have dropped. Please improve the state of this class from beta to release. Then I will come back.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For a while, that's the worst course of scala specialization. All the parallelism is just obvious division of a one big piece on several small pieses, and perfrom parrallel tasks on it. It's enogh to write merge sort with several threads to get the main idea, which is proposed here. You don't need to watch 4 weeks of coursera video and perform tasks to get it. Maybe I'm wrong, but I expected something more than trivial division. Besides that, I don't like the tasks. And I hate the last one week. Very bad description of the problem, it made me really suffer. I'd like much more the first 2 courses. Which I rated as 5 and 4 accordingly, but this one is fail. Besides that, I like the theory about parallel and concurent programming, and all the stuff about "iron". Hope the 4th one course will be better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's difficult to follow the content. The way it is organized could be greatly improved.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some exercises need some improvement. Tests were not that helpful and the instruction to the last homework was quite bad (many open questions).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Rather theoretical introduction to the basics of an interesting subject. Regretfully examples and assignments are frequently overly complex in areas which are unrelated to the subject. In addition, people who work with software development should expect to look further if they aim to add to their toolbox.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The approach in this course is incorrect, I think that will be a course with more concret examples, but is a course with a lot of teory that is not applied.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Academical with close to no real life value.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course presents two core approaches to parallel programming - task and data parallelism. While these concepts are really useful, I expected more details on, for example, how to implement the _parallel_ construct used throughout the lectures. The materials were good and I can use some of the ideas straight after the lectures in my everyday coding, but the assignments were really slightly related to the topic.Barnes Hut simulation assignment. I'd say it has nothing in common with parallel programming in Scala. It looks like the authors looked for some real-life example or use case for Combiners and this simulation model looked nice. But, really, does any developer not working in university would ever use it? It's completely impractical, the most of the time I spent reading the description of simulation model, but the coding itself was just playing with 2D coordinates and some basic recursion. I'd expect something more practical, e.g. implementing simplified form of Hadoop map-reduce or something like that so I can use it after the course. But Barnes-Hut is too specific and is pretty far from everyday problems developers encounter.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent lectures, let down by the difficulty of the assignments.While the tutors clearly know their stuff, I found the assignments really quite challenging and of limited educational value due to the mixture of new concepts introduced by the lectures along with new (to me) mathematics or CS that also needed to be grasped.I'm an experienced professional programmer with the EPFL 'FP in Scala' and FRP courses under my belt, so I thought I knew what to expect but this was much more time consuming than I'd thought.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't mean to be harsh, but this course is increibly boring and sluggish. The reading material is heavy, the lecturers speak so slowly and dispassionately that it's impossible to engage with the subject.I'm sure that there is really good content here, but I couldn't find it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really excellent materials and links but spoiled by typos on the videos and in the quiz questions. I'm sure some of the quiz answers conflicted with what had been said in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Of all the courses I have ever taken in my BA, MA, PhD, and MBA coursework, this was the worse. This is a tragically BAD course. No learning outcomes discussed, and the "teaching" is sort of mumbling while underlining and reading slides that are WAY TOO complicated and crowded. Just awful. Mistakes in quizzes and exams, frequent misspellings, low effort. One "instructor" Ms Mayer simply reads the slides, line by line. THAT is not teaching. Please learn how to teach and interact with your students. U of Minn should be ashamed of this course, and provide some training on how to run a distance learning course to its instructors. As it is, the course is disappointing on every level. To top it off, the instructor has the nerve to show off his boat and tell us how rich he is.... Blech. Poor taste.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was way too theoretical, the concepts were not clearly explained, the tests had concepts that had not been explained and the teacher is not good explaining it, it is too monotonousThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent teaching, but it's not actually free. You must pay in order to access the assignments and the professor's in-browser python sandbox.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The introduction is nice, but the problem is the homework design. If homework doesn't cover too much of what people learnt in class, it is easy to forget materials in class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
make the other ones freeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor, Dr. Chuck, is terrific. However, assignments are incredibly difficult. You are supposed to spend no matter than a few hours a week on the course. I spent over 100 hours alone on the assignments. The mentors that are supposed to help you did not help at all. Very poorly put together second module that does not prepare you to complete the assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pre-written code in the assignments is not so good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unlike the very first course for beginners, there is a little bit more content here, so I put 2 stars. However, I still found the pace was too slow, with too much distraction ("funny" videos, teacher drinking and making mistakes, hummm !!!). It is OK to be relaxed as long as the course delivers content in proportion to what has been paid ! I strongly believe this specialisation cycle should actually take one or maximum two courses, not 5 (with the capstone). I am planning to move forward with Python, and to keep reading the booklet which is good (I like the introduction about the HTTP, XML, JSON and SQL databases) but sorry Dr Chuck I will not complete this specialisation, it is overpriced for what it is !!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is an introduction to the absolute basics of python. Programming assignments are not very challenging and the course could benefit by adding more content and challenging tasks for those who wish to challenge themselves.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It has too many bugs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Totally not worth having the certificates.Easy assignments.Good for people who never programmed before.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too easy assignments. Only good for people who never did any kind of programming. For the rest it's not worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It does not touch Hash table or Stack. Just the common data type in python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No teaching. Just a guy talking. Do the problem sets for practice. If you need help, pause the videos and try the code out yourself.Seriously though, a programming course where the teacher is not actively type out the code but just scribbling around it. He doesn't work through code but talks around the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is really trivial. Maybe I was expecting so much, but the material is really to simple. Also there are a lot of material which lector things is fun and cool, but it is really anoying. Please, try to focus more on programming instead of being cool and fun. Thanks for understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course moved a little too slowlyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor Server capacity. Problematic to complete assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Had I taken this course without prior knowledge of the subject, without a doubt I would have quit the course after the first lesson. As it is, I gladly clicked the unenroll button after 5 mins into the start of the instructor's week three video. I honestly don't know why I bothered to continue torturing myself as long as I did.John Holbo makes grasping Plato more complicated than it needs to be. In fact, his lessons are nothing more than useless 'white noise' and ill attempts at humour.I recommend NOT taking this course. It does not offer any enlightenment, but will only obfuscate and turn people off from wanting to understand Plato.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just wasn't a fan of the videos: way too long and oftentimes unrelated to the course material. Quizzes had no connection to the lectures either.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good content but man I am struggling with the verbose, pedantic style. It's like you are teaching college stuff to 8th graders. If you say someone values something at $20, you don't have to say - that means he will let it go if offered $21 and will not let it go if offered only $19. That's a waste of my time and yours.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are very good, but the course administrators forgot to proof read the quizzes. Evidently some questions have been deleted and the result is complete nonsense. the lectures are worth listening to, and I did that with some interest, but as a course, the administrators have failed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not what I thought it would be, based on the introThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very applicable for the real world. Recursion over lists can be a nice mind exercise but please don't use it in real world, there are way too many stack overflows, unneeded context switches and cryptic code already, don't add to it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a little boring. I spent lots of time on learning on an useless language rather than learning the spirit of functional programming. I suppose to use C/C++\python or other normal programming language as the lesson language.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Questions seem geared towards school children. Having ridiculously obvious answers in multiple choice is an insult and I now think I've wasted my time doing this course as your accreditation will mean nothing to business in the future if you are just giving accreditation away so easily.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think that a lot more that could be explained and taught in this course. I would have preferred if some qualitative and qualitative risk identification and assessment were taught, and also solve good examples of risk response methods.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did all four courses - the whole specialization. Each course in itself was aright and I learned new things. However, the course certificate is meaningless. It neither states the content nor the effort (for example the hours). Instead, it even says "non-credit course". This is despite the fact that the course equates "35 PDU's" and "counts towards the UCI Project Management Certificate Programm"; as it was described in the FAQ. I feel betrayed. How can I apply with such a meaningless peace of paper anywhere?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've started the course and i have found "learn to program" part, but where is "quality code"?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was very excited by the topic of this course, but quite disappointed when I finally started it.The content of this course has little to do with its promising title.In fact. the content lacks any coherency. There is no logical development of the course content - it's all disconnected facts told one after another.Another factor is the delivery. I know the teachers are Italians & English is not their first language and that is fine. But they are just reading out the content - that's all. They are just passively reading the content from somewhere so it is hard to concentrate because the interactivity value is zero and their accent takes some time to get used to.Both content and delivery of this course were disappointing even though I was (and am) really, really interested in this topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course content is quite interesting, but it is a real pity that the english is so bad. Sometimes the lessons were very hard to follow and the quizzes often made little sense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting subject matter, but difficult to understand as a native English speaker. Very awkwardly worded and error-ridden tests.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting content but the bad English grammar makes it hard to get through and sometimes simply incomprehensible. I dropped the course after the second week because of this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very interesting course material, however, texts are often in such bad English that they are incomprehensible, and the staff does not react in the Discussion section.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material was very interesting but the lecturers were often very difficult to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I appreciate the effort of the professor and the University but I found this course extremely theoretical , research is a practical thing that a PR practitioner should know how to do, in practice. I understand that all courses should have an introduction and presentation of basic concepts but I don't see myself getting very far with this knowledge of research.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horrific. If I could rate this ZERO I would. The instructor will give you a one sentence explanation and definition for a term (literally, I downloaded the transcripts to help with my notes and assignments) and then say, "Now that we learned x..." and fly right into the next term. Worse, many of the sentences don't even make sense and completely incoherrant, even in the written transcript. I am having to go out and find additional textbooks to research the basic definitions of what is required to pass the course. There is even less explanation of real-world applications, examples, and demonstration. It is almost as though she tried to memorize a sheet of definitions and repeated them without the use of her notes. This results in a highly monotonous monologue with awkward gestures and little actual content. I was planning on going for the PR for Digital Media Certification, but I can't handle another course like this. It's a waste of time and money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am sorry, but this course is made by PR specialist, people that should know how to talk to the public.Some teachers of this specialisation should been trained on how to behave in front of a camera.The content is nice but you repeat too many time the same stuff, in a very neutral voice, so it is really hard to keep watching the course.Thanks for sharing your knowledge, it is really helpful and rich, but as communication specialist, you can't just read a text, you have to live it.The source is important when releasing a message ! that's what you said ! The source should a good CV, but also has to know how to present the message.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too long, too academic, not practical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, this is a poorly designed course. It seems like it is strictly scripted, the instructor looks like she's reading the material. It's very boring to watch. And as a student with a business background, I learned zero things related to PR or research. Everything discussed through this course is nothing beyond definitions and general business knowledge. She keeps hinting on discussing the topics further in different section (Which didn't happen) this leaves me confused on why not discussing its details now?! Discussing SWOT analysis is a strategic concern, and as a PR related course we should see more related to marketing and communication techniques as a result of the search. But guess what? its not there... This course Is not worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Except the fact that it was taught well, I believe that pressuring people work with a specific program to pass a course is not helpful. I believe that instead of learning how to handle PRO TOOLS from scratch you should change the course to something more creative like recording different instruments, measuring the studio space, monitors and much more helpful things than advertise and make AVID richer.FriendlyAll the bestThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For a course with the name "Pro Tool Basics", I was expecting some specific knowledge about this particular software but what the course really teaches is basic music production things (samples, synthesizers, how to create tracks, how to record audio, compressors, EQs, etc).As I am already a music producer using Logic Pro, I was hoping to learn more about the software itself and its differences in comparison with other DAWs in the market, so I was a little bit disappointed in the end!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although it is a very informative class and Chrissy is a good teacher, I am finding this class to be EXTREMELY troublesome unless one possesses the means to purchase a great deal of equipment and product to work within Pro Tools. It should be noted that Pro Tools First (the "FREE" version I downloaded) is a DETRIMENT to learning in this course and will effect your grade negatively. I am also dismayed by the lack of community participation in the forums. On other Berklee / Coursera classes, this hasn't been nearly as much of a problem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The reason why I gave one star is because I don't think its content is completely related to its title. This course is very similar to music production but using only pro tools.If you are looking to learn more about music production using pro tools, then this is an awesome course but if you already have some background in music production and you just want to learn pro tools basics, then I don't think this is an appropriate course (in my opinion).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first three weeks are totally trivial. I hardly doubt that anyone learns something except how certain practices are called. (Maybe good for school students.) Week 4 is better. I recommend the lecturer to improve the previous weeks and to redistribute some of the contents of week four. Some real-world examples which point out typical mistakes or give useful hints would be welcome in the first three weeks as well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a shame that almost all courses are to be paid for nowadays. For one, I am not paying for it, many will follow...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Learned very little. Doesn't actually teach anything, but gives some tips by talking, the stuff that you can find by using google and clicking on the first link that appears. Some material gets repeated throughout the course. Quizzes are a joke really.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was so dry.... I could barely keep myself engaged. I know project management is not that boring. :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Impossible to navigate to the course material. Took my payment but insists on another payment before it will let me submit an assignment. Very frustrating. I am about to request a refund.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic. I guess if you have no education or experience its good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pretty boring and quite hard to follow. Not all subjects in the quizzes were covered in the study material provided or in the lessonsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Covers only the very basics for project management.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was helpful but too technical for non-business person to learn about basic project management. It also would have been easier to understand if the information presented were to be broken down into smaller sizes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really engaging, most of the material looks really outdated, and the instructor has a very "classical" way of presenting, which does not profit from the potentialities offered by Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course seemed to me the most un-interesting course. The content though important was not taught in a way to engage the student. The professor basically read everything. I could have easily done with slides than a lecture. Hopefully, this course can be revised to make it more exciting, interesting and engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it could be funnier...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
interesting course to support previously knoledgement or improve it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really too basic for meaningful learning. The instructor was not very engaging and by the end of the course just seemed hungry and ready to be done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor seems uninterested or bored. Sometimes he only reads the slides without adding anything else to the content. Others, he goes quickly through a slide without any time to digest the information. Overall, intro level concepts are ok, but specifics about creation or handling of tools is left without deeper explanationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not much Interesting plus low level of difficultyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor did not Interact with people, I was wiling to see some discussions and contributions among peopleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excessively short course. Like previous course in the specialization no slides of the lectures were provided. Approach over-simplistic. IE could done more. Also as in previous course there was no supervision from the staff of the discussion forums. Also looking at the big picture, there is a tremendous gap in quality and approach to online courses between EU institutions and US top tier institutions (favoring the US offerings). Looking at Wharton, U. Michigan, Yale courses (just to mention a few) and then looking at the majority of European offerings, the gap is very salient. If IE wants to stay relevant in this online space, some benchmark is advised... If you are in the 'game', you must 'play' it better...I hope you will accept my critic as constructive and positive, not as negative. As an European I am more critic and I would like to see more quality, relevance and credibility of EU offerings. As it is, it is a matter of time until Wharton and U. Michigan spread their offerings into this specific field and with a superior approach they will most likely divert students to their offerings, probably lowering and marginalizing your courses.But despite my critics it is fair to salute you for your efforts and availability to offer this course.I wish yoy luck.Ricardo J. OliveiraThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very redundant and lacks diversityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
one of the most boring courses I have ever taken.....I had to force myself to finish it. the teacher is charismatic but the content is just theories and abstract ideas.....just blah blah blahThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Ok course.When I am taking a course from Wharton school, and from adult learning perspective, more is expected than simply small lectures and few activities. Some areas that I see this may be improved...1) Latest evidence based support (few articles/papers) on achievement and satisfaction (Success both parameters). This is widely discussed field as subjective and objective career success.2) In addition to SAME - better instruments/scale those are easily available online.3) Some better links to career related articles from Harvard/California management review or organization dynamics on the topics covered.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great review of concepts to refresh lean and six sigma, and process improvement in GENERAL.Expected deeper and more practical information (case studies, maybe a project in a module instead of a quiz, etc.) regarding the service industry as stated at the beginning of the course. There just one part of a module (aprox. 15 min) that got into some detail.Also, there was no interaction at all in the forums. If at least the mentors could set some interesting subjects and comments to motivate that, would be of help.Due to this, my expectations weren´t met. Was looking for detailed service industry (financial) applications of process improvement knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this course. The content is very relevant to the subject matter. However, the lectures are much longer than they need to be, and filled with unnecessary commentary. The instructor often verbally discusses the statistical formula with a few bullets on a slide with the focus on himself. The delivery would be much better if the instructor would put himself in the background and the focus be reoriented on a whiteboard style walk-through of the equation at hand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just reading. There are not videos.You are not allowed to submit the quiz if you do not pay.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor that in order to submit any exam I have to purchase the course when I can download the book and learn as well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is garbage. The instruction videos are fine, but the assignments are imprecise in their language at times, and there are certain key points needed to complete them that aren't covered in the videos. The mentor in the forums is lousy, and his responses are worded as if he's talking with a peer and not a beginner/student.I may or may not try another coursera course after this. But if this experience is any indication, Coursera isn't very good. The same UofM course appears over on Udemy, and I wonder if it is just being repurposed on as many platforms as possible without the care needed to make sure it works.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am running Firefox v50 on Ubuntu Linux v16.04. I was unable to watch any of the lecture videos due to the page reloading every 2 - 10 seconds. I tried moving to a different video with the same results. I don't know if this is UC Davis-specific or whether Coursera has changed significantly since the last time I took a class, but this course is totally unusable.I would have left this review with Coursera rather than as a course review, but Coursera doesn't make contact information easy to locate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought the content layout for Courses 1 and 2 were okay. However, when I got to Course 3: Using Python to Access Web Data, I was extremely disappointed. This specialization is advertised as one does not require programming experience. Course 3, however, introduces a variety of computer science topics that I believe cause information overload for a beginner. A student is bombarded with information about regular expressions, the HTTP protocol, web sockets, URLs, HTML, XML, JSON, and APIs. In fact, the video lectures spend the majority of the time explaining these concepts, while spending very little time explaining how to use Python to access web data. The corresponding book, Python for Informatics, was of little help understanding the assignments. Like the videos, the book lacks sufficient numbers of examples. The few examples that are given lack adequate explanations of the code they contain. I found myself on many occasions asking, "What exactly does this line or block of code do?", and could not locate the answer. If not for the forum, I would not have been able to complete thThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor course... You can pass it in a one day even if you never program Python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I only received 96% as a final result, even though I obtained 100% for every assignment. Pathetic rating system. If I had paid for this course I would be incensed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately on the whole I was very disappointed with this class. I took the first two Python courses and found them manageable, but this third one was an unrealistic increase in difficulty from the previous two. I reached out for help on the discussion board a number of times and saw many others were struggling as well. Mentors who responded to some of the other students were clearly getting defensive when those students were getting nowhere on the assignments. I think this program should reevaluate itself so students such as me can keep up with the assignments. On average I was spending about 10 hours per week just on the syntax for building the programs.A little about my background: I have 20 years of experience in the private sector and am currently an analyst in cyber security. I have an undergraduate degree in finance, an MBA, and another master’s degree in Data Analytics. This 5 course program has been described and sold as beginner level, and given my background I should have handily been able to complete it, but that was definitely not the case. Normally I don’t leave feedback unless I feel strongly about something, so I hope you take it seriously. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course strayed too far from its origins. Yes, this course contains topics that are nice-to-know, but they are by no means essential or useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pedagogy of this course is disappointing because of a lack of sequential instruction. Large gaps exist: explanations of syntax and conceptualization of how the data flows seem incomplete. I have looked at all kinds of documentation as well as the book, but I cannot find what I need to know, and this a barrier to completing the assignments. The instructor's videos have shown me very little of what I need to understand the concepts. The examples show at most 20% (that is just a guess, it is probably less) of the knowledge that I need to complete the assignments. When I ask questions on the forums, the first word I think when I read mentors' explanations is "cryptic."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The continuity and smoothness of the first two Python courses have been lost. From week 3 onward the assignments were badly worded, and that distracts the learning. People were trying to decipher the wording of the questions, not learning how to code. Lectures of later weeks were "rushed", very little buildup of understanding and I felt assignments were done for the sake of passing, very little were learned during those final 3 to 4 weeks. Effort were mostly wasted as little learning has been retained. May be there are topics that needed to be introduced for Course 4, will see, as I'll be doing straight after. The course overall is still very positive and the prof. clearly has put in a lot of effort and they are greatly appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Took the first two courses which were fine but this one started off poorly and just got worse, unfortunately. I'm wondering if I can get my money back.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No teaching. Just a guy talking and sometimes complaining about imaginary students' hypothetical thoughts. Do the problem sets for practice. If you need help, pause the videos and try the code out yourself.Seriously though, a programming course where the teacher is not actively type out the code but just scribbling around it. He doesn't work through code but talks around the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm getting coursera verification prompts too often. This doesn't happen in any of the other courses I've taken/I'm takingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For the third Course in the Python specialisation this is a very basic 6 weeks. The assignments are repetitive and you are pretty much spoon fed everything. If you are looking for a challenging course this is not for you!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class is not challenging at allThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor is good and funny, and subject is interesting, but that's all. Very basic course, very easy to follow and not at all challenging. Also (maybe because being that easy), peer review is compromised by people who doesn't really know what they're doing there, with comments that were clearly made without any knowledge about the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Compared to other Python Courses I have taken this is course has no meat on them bones and is NOT worth $80 at all even for a certificate. However for FREE? ok. Worth the introduction to some useful tools. Spend your time and money on a more valuable course like Fundamentals of Computing Specialization, which is awesome, and is about the same price as of this writing.This course offers no challenge, little content, and the assignments let me down. Assignments are basically handed to you where you only need to alter one line of text to get the right answer on what is supposed to take an hour.Introduction to Interactive Programming in Python thru Rice U has content and weekly mini projects that really push your learning ability and after taking the courses, I felt like I really got something out of it.This course barely scratches the surface of "Accessing Web Data" and does nothing to challenge your coding skills. The positive side, it introduces you to Web API's, the basics of Beautiful Soup, and other BUZZWORDS. At least structure assignments to combine all of the efforts learned in previous chapters onto one another.Side note... what is the professor doing filming lectures on vacation or at lunch? This does nothing to add to the content of the course and is distracting and unprofesh.The meaningless assignments let me down.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Confusing. No help. Poorly presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The accents of the instructors make it difficult to understand the materialThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too long, too diversified, too much usage of technical terms; heterogenous content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class' information was very mistaken when it failed to mention that you would need background in the subjects being covered to take this course. The teachers, while it is clear that they are very knowledgeable in their fields, fill their lectures with unnecessary jargon. I'm not sure if they are primarily researchers who aren't used to teaching or if they are only used to teaching students who are far advanced enough that the vocabulary of those fields are second nature to them. As someone who was taking this class without that advantage, I was quickly lost among all the jargon, to the point where I just had to stop. I'm hoping the find something else that is truly an overview meant for someone without a science background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry, the guy in the first video doesn't blink, which is very weird. The second video was so incredibly dry and boring that I completely lost interest. I know this could be a fascinating course with the proper videos and visuals to help people understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a large difference between the skills acquired in the video's and the skills needed to fulfill the assignments. There are errors in the video's and without the help of the UCI help forum it is hard to get the assignments right. You can acquire a broad set of skills interfacing with the Raspberry PI but Google is your best friend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One of the worst courses I have taken on Coursera. I have been in IT for 20 years and expected a lot more in this course. There were a couple times that the instructor was inaccurate about a some of the concepts he was teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expect the projects and Peer Graded to be a litle difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much of the code is outdated (I'm using python 3.5). Fix this and you'll have 4 or 5 stars easy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
its more a linux introducction, not the expected from the title. the content is good but no what was expeceted, as it said interfacing I thought it was more about sensors and gpio programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was very nice and useful and the explanations were very good!The biggest problem of this course was that it required to be purchased in order to unlock the quizzes and the assignments. I don't know who decided to do this (the organizers of this course or Coursera) but I don't think it was a good idea.I was not interested (and I am sure I am not the only one) in receiving a certificate. I just wanted to learn and to test the acquired knowledge.I realize that it is impossible to improve this project without any money, but you can obtain the needed money from other sources (donations, sponsorships) without affecting those who want to learn. Event that the access to the video was not restricted (thus, many knowledge can still be acquired by those who want), the assignments have their important role in the learning process.I saw that I am not the only one who mentioned in the feedbacks the purchasing problem for this course. I hope that these feedbacks will be taken into account and the things will be changed for the next editions of this course.To sum up, the information from this course and the manner of providing this, deserves 5 stars. Because of the purchasing issue, I am giving only one star.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was supposed to be the last one before capstone and what did we learn:· Nothing about electronic· Huge amount about networking on very basic level – question is what are people without this knowledge at all doing in IoT course· How you can tweet from Raspberry Pi (hey, is somebody crazy here)· Lot of words about camera, few minutes about servo motor and that’s all.We have to write a web server update which is completely unexplained and no one didn’t do it because no one understood it that way (despite the fact that webserver is webserver and server is server) and during whole course no one update the task definitionThere is no discussion board, it was turned off during earlier courses and for me only explanation is that no one from UCI doesn’t care and the certificate for course cost $80-$90.Very pathetic approach which I can only explain with 2 words: “Easy money”The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is so simple and just has only a few interesting points.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course just for a newbieThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coursera changed the rules on access to graded quizzes in the middle of this specialization. The last course in the specialization allowed free access to graded quizzes and homework.During this course, the "free access" to quizzes and assignments is no longer an option.Even more annoying is the fact that I also receive email reminding me to "complete the quiz", which would require me to upgrade to a paid enrollment to allow me to submit assignments to grading.Thanks for nothing, Coursera!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
only a small portion was applicable to my country and school environmentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No option of completing the course without paying. So why do you call your site FREE online courses? And why do we have to go into the trouble of attending the class and watching the videos, and reading the material without being capable of at least watching our results in assignments?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of powerpoint, nothing else.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Scope for improvement. Nevertheless, thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just overview of the common technologies. Useless courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Putting some numbers on the slide without any explanation of how it works. Only saying what it does.Reading almost only his slide without further information.No basic formulas such as eg. Shannon theorem...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was basically nothing in it. He only repeated the points in the presentation! No explaining just throwing around numbers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very high level approach. These courses require a better math background and far more concrete explanation, since the student has a passive role and lecture mode is on.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you call reading the PowerPoint presentations a course, then don't miss the chance and enroll here !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too many theory and reading from lecture slides. It would be way much better if some examples were included. Quizzes could include some more questions, too.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i need practical information but this video was full of tablesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher can explain more and not just read through the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a gigantic waste of timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm not able to submit my assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did all four courses - the whole specialization. Each course in itself was aright and I learned new things. However, the course certificate is meaningless. It neither states the content nor the effort (for example the hours). Instead, it even says "non-credit course". This is despite the fact that the course equates "35 PDU's" and "counts towards the UCI Project Management Certificate Programm"; as it was described in the FAQ. I feel betrayed. How can I apply with such a meaningless peace of paper anywhere?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the peer review was a waste of time, some individuals submit whatever other review whatever; I found that the assessment criteria is not based on evaluating the quality of performed work, and therefore have not really learned much from the capstone project. I am taking another course which as well has peer review, I am rethinking if it's worth it.... do not see any value, there is no real feedback from instructor. If I need it a peer review, I could just ask my colleagues at work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good lecture and content. However, disappointing that even when I audit the course, I cannot take the exams. This is contrary to most of the other Coursera courses where you can. If you cannot afford to participate you have limited access to the testing material. I'm not impressed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic collection of concepts. Not too much practical exercicesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very bad introduction to Python and almost nothing about Raspberry Pi itself.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry to say that, but this course has nothing related to programming. I like Dr.Chuck courses, especially 2-4 in this specialization, but this course has no programming challenge and check only your ability to make screenshots. If you have any programming experience you don't need this course it doesn't pay off your time you spend for this. Sorry again, but it's my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i hope to learn more how you wrote the code in class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It could be a bit more challenging than just running scripts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No new learning during this course. Working on the capstone project is practically optional.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry folks but we are not learning much hereThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the quality i expected. The capstone project should have been little more challenging and something new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was not the same application of programming skills as in the previous courses. Also, this course started too late after the other courses and I lost a lot of momentum in completing coursework.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments were not challenging enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The only thing I had to do in this course regarding the required assignments was to change python 2.7 code to 3.4 as that's what I'm using.Presentations didn't add much towards the learning either. Definite downgrade from previous courses, especially from the first three.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought this was poor. It was basically a re-hash of the previous module with slightly different tasks. Given that I had to wait three months for the capstone to be ready, I found it a bit rich that my deadline to finish it was a couple of weeks! Don't waste your money/time on this particular module.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a captstonse course I expected this to be more challenging than other courses in the specialisation, especially the assignments which should have required to put in some real effort rather than simply executing pre-written scripts and uploading screenshots. Rest of the courses in the specialisation were superb, combined with the awesome teaching skills of Dr. Chuck but capstone was quite disappointing unfortunately.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very few amount of exercise and very small gain of knowledge from Capstone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected more practical exercises. but I did learn someThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course offers just a simple running of (interesting and useful) code, but doesn't put the student in the situation of thinking and creating ideas and code.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If this entire specialization were a bag of potato chips, the Capstone would be that bland chip that didn't get any salt.The introduction to the Capstone promises that we'll "build applications" utilizing what we've learned so far with optional assignments for delving deeper. However, none of the required assignments involve even the most primitive of problem solving skills or code writing abilities. If you can download a file and take a screenshot then you've got what it takes to pass this class.The optional assignments are far too focused around a new piece of video sharing technology that the instructor and associates have developed. Unfortunately, the technology adds almost nothing beneficial to the class and is probably to blame for the sheer lack of quality in the rest of the class.In fact, the entire Capstone feels like it was so haphazardly put together that it can only be described as the most contrived beta-test I've ever been a part of. Such a disappointing ending to what was otherwise an enjoyable specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Probably I am biased by just having followed edX's Minds and Machines. Compared to that course, the lectures here are superficial and not very engaging. This becomes especially striking for overlapping topics between the two courses. Also the quizzes are way too easy and you can try until you get it right. This makes the certificate virtually worthless, although you can pay for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
During lessons you don`t receive enough information to be able to pass the examsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry but he puts me to sleep. No emotion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Almost totally ignores the ancients. A skewed view of philosophy from an enlightenment perspective.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You do not know what you are getting into until you take the first class. What happen to the delete button on the class.lThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seems I have failed at week three without having to ask for the answers for three questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't find the overall content of the course very well chosen for an introduction to philosophy - since it covers so little. The title of this course should have been "An Introduction to Just a Couple of Topics in Philosophy." And there are so few philosophers covered. However, the biggest problem was instructorAlasdair Richmond, whose response to debate was locking threads down every time his ideological positions were challenged. He showed himself completely inept to have a debate with more than one course participant and chose to censor a variety of viewpoints he dislikes. It was particularly ironic to see an instructor exercise censorship in a Philosophy course - a domain whose objective, after all, is the pursuit of truth as well as to ask and debate the "why" of everything! A petty tyrant does not make a good teacher.Should I ever meet anyone interested in studying Philosophy, my first recommendation to them will be stay away from the University of Edinburgh, since there is no respect for debate, freedom of expression, or inquiry there.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry, but of no real use except to people totallyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pronunciation of the lectors is more than awful! Their English is quite unsuitable for video lectures! So I quit the course. It is just a torture listening to them!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
简直是毫无帮助。作业根本提交不了，无法通过的。It's a waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No instructor participates in discussion. No one ever passes the programming assignment because it won't accept any answer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
bad useless garbage,this is the most bad online course i've take,just waste timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The last homework si quite a difficult spike. Way too complicated for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course starts with a short introduction on the topic of usability and user experience. A good idea, but not very well presented.Next is an intro to bootstrap. OK, but not deep enough for a course called "Responsive Web Design".The last two weeks cover JavaScript. Or more precisely: they cover a few JavaScript libraries.To sum it up, the course could really use a revision. There are too many mistakes in the examples and sometimes, the instructors look a bit unprepared and confused.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The name of this course is misleading to me (and if it's misunderstood by one, you can assume there are other people affected as well) - it would be more clear what's expecting you if the course would be called something similar to the last assignment name "Creating a data-driven website".The responsive part that I was interested in, was basically done with "use bootstrap" - that's pretty poor. Of course the course isn't responsible for this, but an appropriate name would fix that.Throughout the course, the quizzes were entertaining - but the quality of the questions is questionable. Sometimes the answer is obvious because the other answers are ridiculous, sometimes you don't know what to click, even though you just watched the video carefully. Reason for this is that there are questions being asked, which weren't even touched in the lesson.It's basically the same with the last assignment - you can watch and do all the lessons before, you've got no idea how to start and what to do as there's simply no explanation of what affects what - which seems to be extremely important in javascript. Yes, it's often told in an overview-style explanation what a function is doing, but something in depth that tells you how to write working javascript functions is lacking.The quality of the explanations also varied in their quality. Some things that were pretty easy to understand, were explained over 10 very boring minutes, other things that were far more complex and tricky, were handled in half a minute. This made watching the videos frustrating at times. I'm not sure which kind of audience this course is supposed for, but the style varies way too much.Furthermore it's great that coursera is offering an iPad-app, but I'd like to be able to use and do everything that the app is offering me (and in the best case: everything that's necessary for the course). I can't even review classmates, as they're uploading .rar or .zip-files, which can't be accessed via iPad, and also javascript is a problem for ipads. Unpacking such files and running them on your servers would be an option, maybe.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very theoretical course they should add some hands on. Its like mugging things for quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Thanks Dr Matthew you're the bestMr Marco I didn't understand anything from you and I stopped the course because I dropped this module because of you. I'm sorryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos mostly show lecturers talking to camera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Wasn't much of a class about responsive design, only one of the four weeks talked about responsive web design. Much of the class was about parts of building sites that aren't relevant to building a responsive site. The week that discussed responsive design just talked about using bootstrapThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course poorly understands the scientific method, and its main effort is to wield unconvincing critiques of science so as to elevate the status of religion in general and Creationism in particular. The last set of lectures is also just badly executed, a confusing meandering talk that amounts to nothing. The course did have a few bright points, like the second series of lectures explaining varieties of naturalism, but overall the course was just bad. Avoid this course, you can learn much more from other sources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have always been appreciative of free courses that are provided by universities, but this course is clearly biased. The sophistry present in the final module is particularly dishonest. A university is meant to teach the whole story, and have a truthful account of facts. I am deeply disappointed that so much fallacious content could be distributed to individuals, on the pretext of unbiased learning. This course clearly has an agenda. I hope those who take it think critically about the subject matter and do their best to weed out what is reasonable and what is not.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is clearly signposted as being supported by the Templeton Foundation and it shows. The course is short in terms of length and weak in the terms of developing ideas. The designers do not seem to understand properly what science is and what scientists do. This is particularly evident in the final week, an incoherent ramble. The course strengthens my positive opinions of Feynman's view of the philosophy of science.In general. I enjoy Edinburgh University's Coursera courses, but I shall be wary of any of a similar ilk and certainly won't buy the certificate this time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mostly disappointing. I found only one week interesting and non-biased.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some interesting ideas. Unfortunately some of the presentation was so poor that it was impossible to work out what points, if any, were being presented. And for a course called "Science and Philosophy" there was far too much religious and/or anti-science content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a poor propaganda for religious. It even claims that creationism should be regarded as a viable alternative to evolution!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some of the knowledge is useful in life. But they are not integrated well. They let you feel that they are just knowledge but you can hardly connect them with food, with daily life or with your health. The good knowledge teaching should be like how much calorie we need per day? how much food equal to 1000 calories? What is the good sample for eating or cooking? Knowledge is not only formula. This course is not that interesting. But, thanks for the teacher all the same.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much of the syntax is outdated in updated external libraries. Would have been helpful to include Python 3 syntax for all programs. Slides were not translated to English, so external sources were required to understand many of the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
- In this course, using python 2.x- The whole course in Chinese, no English subtitles- There are no additional materials or information- There is nothing - only the ChineseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is no subtitles in English for the video lectures and the slides are in Chinese.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This Course is not really free. You must pay to access quizzes and peer graded assignments.Coursera is really moving downhill quickly in terms of free course offerings. It's such a pity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Couldn´t finish it because assigmnets were not graded.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have done the course but I didn't get my certificate yet for reasons that I don,t know.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Abstract when the assignment is related to psychology. Could you give us some not that professional articles?The whole course is not designed in a clear and logic way. Overwhelmed with so many terms without clear explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
When you are late in delivery, they tell you "everything is fine, do not worry, you have until the last week of the course to complete the activity, get your note and end of the course." They'll repeat over and over again in every week. My course ended on May 15, but they have not let me present my last activity, May 3 even before the final exam. They have forced me to leave the current session, still unfinished deadlines, missing a single activity after two months of work, and enroll again in the next session, which still nor has begun, delaying all the planning I had made for the entire course and all terms of the following courses.In short, disastrous system to keep deadlines and complete the courses that make it totally useless any planning you have to do to set the course for the months that suit you, which, in my case at least, may at risk which I can complete the full specialization before the deadline. Money thrown away.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent lectures, good tests, too many peer evaluations!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Over reliance on student grading. Material does not map well to the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
abstract and uninformative stories about some photographersbut not about the profession of the photographer or the technical side of the workThank you for the opportunity to get acquainted with the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If what you want is the sort of doctrinaire overview of fine-art photography that you might have learned in a university in the 1970s, this is exactly the course for you!It's thoroughly saturated with the Museum of Modern Art mindset: the assumptions and interpretations are those touted by MoMA curators, and the photographers are chosen from the MoMA-approved pantheon. (The quiz questions tend to focus on course-content minutiae -- "Which commentator said X about Y?" -- to make sure you've drunk your art-establishment Kool-Aid.)On the other hand, if you want to examine the diversity of photography through a variety of critical approaches -- Marxist, feminist, queer-theory, post-structural, whatever -- well, they don't allow none of that there here. This is strictly the Photography Gospel According to MoMA, and you either like it or lump it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No actual class, just for selling books.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Vastly concerned with the esoteric minutia, ideas, and meanings assigned by others regarding photographs which most often aren't even closely aligned with the original artist's intentions.A brief few mentions of how photography has changed over time with advances in technology and development of new techniques was mildly interesting, otherwise this course was predominantly meaningless. This course will most likely be of no benefit to people not viewing or creating fine art photography.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
repetitive content with other MOMA courses (modern art&idea)?? duh, not gonna pay $50 for this. :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please be advised that this course is not structured as a rigorous close reading, but a general invitation into some central sentiments of the Book of Zhuangzi. Perhaps not the kind of course you are looking for in replacement of a serious college-level class that surveys the book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think it would be better if the professor had covered Markowitz theorem, and showed how CAPM is derived from the theorem. I think the first two courses in the series are too basic and should be combined. They are only useful from people who have no background in finance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too basic, wish they had more contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was an interesting first experience with Python but it seemed a little bit to easy for me actually. I have been able to complete the hole course on one free day.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For a beginners course I would expect more exercises about the different control structures and built-in mechanisms in Python. This course did not really provide a good story to follow through but jumped around between loops, inputs, number conversions, file I/O and so forth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
One could learn as much from any of many texts. This course does not add valueThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the video is too long!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry to say that, but this course has nothing related to programming. I like Dr.Chuck courses, especially 2-4 in this specialization, but this course has no programming challenge and check only your ability to make screenshots. If you have any programming experience you don't need this course it doesn't pay off your time you spend for this. Sorry again, but it's my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i hope to learn more how you wrote the code in class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It could be a bit more challenging than just running scripts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No new learning during this course. Working on the capstone project is practically optional.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry folks but we are not learning much hereThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the quality i expected. The capstone project should have been little more challenging and something new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was not the same application of programming skills as in the previous courses. Also, this course started too late after the other courses and I lost a lot of momentum in completing coursework.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments were not challenging enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The only thing I had to do in this course regarding the required assignments was to change python 2.7 code to 3.4 as that's what I'm using.Presentations didn't add much towards the learning either. Definite downgrade from previous courses, especially from the first three.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought this was poor. It was basically a re-hash of the previous module with slightly different tasks. Given that I had to wait three months for the capstone to be ready, I found it a bit rich that my deadline to finish it was a couple of weeks! Don't waste your money/time on this particular module.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a captstonse course I expected this to be more challenging than other courses in the specialisation, especially the assignments which should have required to put in some real effort rather than simply executing pre-written scripts and uploading screenshots. Rest of the courses in the specialisation were superb, combined with the awesome teaching skills of Dr. Chuck but capstone was quite disappointing unfortunately.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very few amount of exercise and very small gain of knowledge from Capstone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected more practical exercises. but I did learn someThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course offers just a simple running of (interesting and useful) code, but doesn't put the student in the situation of thinking and creating ideas and code.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If this entire specialization were a bag of potato chips, the Capstone would be that bland chip that didn't get any salt.The introduction to the Capstone promises that we'll "build applications" utilizing what we've learned so far with optional assignments for delving deeper. However, none of the required assignments involve even the most primitive of problem solving skills or code writing abilities. If you can download a file and take a screenshot then you've got what it takes to pass this class.The optional assignments are far too focused around a new piece of video sharing technology that the instructor and associates have developed. Unfortunately, the technology adds almost nothing beneficial to the class and is probably to blame for the sheer lack of quality in the rest of the class.In fact, the entire Capstone feels like it was so haphazardly put together that it can only be described as the most contrived beta-test I've ever been a part of. Such a disappointing ending to what was otherwise an enjoyable specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All the assignments are so unclear and you´ve to lose so much time trying to understand the goal of the problem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been awesome course if it discussed some detailed approaches. Only 3 panning approaches discussed in 4 weeks, thus disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is just a poor sample of a course. Very few material, low quality assignments and grading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The contents and quality of the video lectures are great.The quality of the supplementary materials (like the quizzes and the Matlab code) provided by TAs for the assignments are very poor. The assignment guides are written with very poor grammar. The Matlab code is written using the worst coding and documenting practices. The automatic evaluation system (the system for grade the submissions), doest't provide useful feedback. As people can read in the course discussion forums, students have been asking for months for improvements to the grading systems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting material, and good assignments. However this is no assistance when by TAs if you have questions, which is important since there is no feedback on assignments and hard to know where you went wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If the course had the same information and effort as week1 over all 4 weeks i would gave 5 stars, although the assignments are pretty good and I learnt something new, however the assignments are fun but the grader is annoying as the single error output is..... something is wrong... try again?!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments in this course take much more time than indicated. Feedback from staff is minimal. If you are not a good programmer, think twice. Nevertheless, the lectures are interesting and well taught. So if you do not want a certicficate, I recommend this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Prof. Taylor's lectures were clear and easy to understand. The course taught the basics of planning pretty well.The teaching staff, unfortunately, was completely unavailable. The solution checkers for the Matlab assignments were very brittle and wasted a lot of students' time. There were several queries about the assignments on the Discussion forums most of which did not elicit any response from the teaching staff. The students ultimately figured it out by spending several laborious hours figuring out the peculiarities of the solution checkers, and by helping each other. This certainly soured my experience with the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course need a serious rework.For the moment I finished it biggest problem was very unclear grading of programming assignments and lack of learning materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lack of support from course teaching staff in answering student's questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No much staff in itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the second of the series, and I had high hopes for this one after the first one was a disappointment.While the material was on the sparse side, the level of the course was more as advertised. The Matlab assignments were not too difficult, but were relevant enough to the material to be acceptable. Some of the assignment simulations/animations were not working, but I was able to submit the results and get full credit. I was ready to give 2 or 3 stars in this review.Unfortunately, on the last assignment, the sample code and scripts was buggy (even towards the end of the course after it had been pointed out to the staff), and inconsistently written.The final project submit script would not work and it was a trial and error troubleshooting to understand why. Some on the discussion boards were able to submit, but other couldn't. Although my assignment would run as I understand the project should, I could not even submit it. Judging from the discussion boards, I'm not the only one with this problem.Again, the University of Pennsylvania has missed the mark with this class and the robotics series. It is regretful that I must again leave a one star review.I realize this is the first time this course was offered, so there are some issues that need to be worked out. I suggest for the remainder of the classes in the series, the creators should do a pilot run first before releasing to Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course could be 1-week long instead of 4. The material offered is introductory level. Quizes are too easy, programming assignments still have bugs, and grading procedures cause a lot of confusion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Many problems and mistakes found in the assignment programs and I felt a lack of staff assistance on helping solving them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The topic is interesting and the lectures itself were good. The explanations of the algorithms and concepts was clear and easy to understand. However, the amount of material covered is very little. I think there should either be more concepts thought or they should be covered in more depth.Quizzes: The quizzes were very weak. They didn't really tell you weather you understood the concept or not. If one of the answers was wrong there was no information which one it was. So you have no idea which lecture you should watch again.Assignments: The assignments were very bad prepared. In some assignments there were bugs in the provided code, we weren't supposed to edit. The assignments itself are rather easy and can be completed quite quickly, if there wasn't the grader. From the grading you got no information what was wrong or which tests passed or failed. Most of the time it wasn't the case that the algorithm failed, instead the output was not as expected by the grader, although it was as described in the assignment. But you never knew. This part has to be improved a lot.Overall I have to say that I expected much more from University of Pennsylvania, especially after taking the first part of the Specialization which was of good quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So I'll start with the positives. The material was appropriate and interesting and well presented. CJ Taylor is an enthusiastic lecturer and the material was presented in an enjoyable easy to understand way and having finished the course, I definitely want to learn more about computational motion planning.The problems I have with this course though are numerous. This is the second part of the Robotics Specialization and compared to the first part, this course was very weak. There was very little lecture material and the course felt thin - as if it were 2 weeks of material stretched over 4. There were many instances where the lectures could have gone in to much more detail and just didn't, I appreciate that you can't cover everything in lectures, but would it have killed you to provide or at least point to some good additional reading resources?The assessments were the worst part. The quizzes barely tested what I had learnt and could mostly be solved by common sense. What I find shocking is that there were so few questions with few multiple choice answer that you could easily brute-force these quizzes if you really wanted to. Compare this to the Aerial Robotics course where the quizzes took time and forced me to think and understand what was discussed in lecture.The programming assignments were shockingly bad. They were hard for completely the wrong reasons. I spent most of my time on them not coding the solution, but trying to figure out what was actually wanted and fixing bugs that were in the provided code that we WEREN'T EVEN SUPPOSED TO EDIT. The autograder would never tell you why you were wrong, just "I'm sorry, your solution didn't pass all of our test cases." This meant that finding the solution was based on guesswork rather than considered thought. This was made even worse by the fact that some simulations took a long time to run which made iterating guesses very slow - and doing this on a time limit is just pointlessly stressful.One of the assignments had the solution already in the source code as the instructors had forgotten to take it out.The final assignment wouldn't even run out of the box without fixing bugs in the provided code. This would have taken seconds to check had the person who wrote it bothered to check their work beforehand.Thing is, the tasks provided in principle weren't that hard, they were actually kind of too easy. Dijkstra's algorithm isn't that difficult to implement from scratch, and yet all that was asked of us was to implement a small 10 line for-loop. That said, I appreciate that as a software engineer, I might find this sort of thing much easier than most, but even so I don't feel as though the programming assignments helped me learn anything.Overall, regardless of how interesting the material was, this course was very shoddily put together. I appreciate this is the first time the course has been run, but this really felt phoned in and unacceptable. I paid money for this course and the quality of it is notably worse than most free MOOCs I have taken. I feel ripped off and I sincerely hope that the next section is better otherwise I doubt I will bother to continue until the end. I thought Penn University was better than this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry to say that this is not a well prepared course. The course video provided is quite short, the quiz is rather than nothing and the programming assignments are buggy. I don't feel that I learned a lot from this course.UPenn has let me down twice. Hope the 3rd one will be better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was an interesting course, however there were bugs and errors in most of the assignment materials, which really impaired the learning experience since much of it was reduced to debugging the course organiser's code... Also the 3rd and fourth sections, including assignments, seemed to be rather small and to cover very little material, with little or no supporting material. Moreover, course staff were conspicuous by their absence on the course forums. A stark contrast to the abundance of support provided and material covered in aerial robotics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely basic.The assignments would be easy except that the provided code has bugs, and some of the assignment details are wrong, making it very difficult to pass the test cases.There is also very little information on how the work will be graded.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Assignments are more of Trial and Error and not very helpful. The Course Material and Content is good. Teaching Staff is nowhere to be found.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is so weak. No enough illustration for the content of the course. It's too short and not prepared very well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments were hard, not because of the contents of the courser, but for understanding the context of the method being implemented (what each variable meant and how it was expressed).Also, there should be a range of submissions that could be right but having higher or lower scores depending of how long it took to find the path, or how long the path was to reach the goal.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very bad and feels thrown together at the last minute. Learning A* and Dijkstra's algorithm is great however the assignments require you to learn not just the little details but to "discovery" techniques not even mentioned in the course material. In addition, you must have strong matlab programming skills and be familiar with much matlab functionality in order to debug some of the assignments. You must have more knowledge concerning matlab than any of the course material or pointers provides. Meaning that beginners will NOT pass this course. The automatic grader provides no feedback at all except pass or fail. This is unfortunate as it can look like your code is working correctly but, the grader is using some edge cases to grade the code but will not include any information indicating what to look for. This is really atrocious. Although the TA's do occasionally provide answers to questions. The total amount of time TA's spend answering questions is just really poor. Don't expect even well asked questions to be answered at all. In addition, the coded template quality upon which your own code depends is horrible and thrown together. You will spend way too much time analyzing it for clues as to what went wrong. Sadly, enough all of these issues have caught up with me and I was unable to pass assignment 2 part 2. Even, though everything looks like it works and achieves the desired goal and even works with all of my own test cases. The grader is merciless. Perhaps, in the feature more time can be devoted to make this course better and I can spend more time learning how the algorithms and maths work rather than matlab and the automatic grader. At this time I don't feel like my money was well spent on these courses. I don't think I would like to risk another 50 dollars learning matlab and debugging the automatic grader on any of the other courses in this specialization. That is very disappointing as I really am passionate about learning robotics and looked forward to the other courses as well.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is part 2 in the robotics specialization. The course content is way too short and basic for the price. There are about 77 minutes of lecture in total, i.e. less than 20 minutes per week. The first week covers BFS, Dijkstra, and A*, something part of most undergrad programs. The rest of the material is ok but very basic. The programming assignments are "implement Dijkstra" in week 1, "implement Dijkstra on a Torus" (and "do triangles intersect?") in week 2, a very simple for loop in week 3, and "implement gradient descent" in week 4. I could complete the course by looking at it on-and-off over one weekend.The material that is presented is presented well, but there's not enough of it.For reference, part 1 of the robotics specialization had over twice as much lecture content (by time) and then lots of supplementary material in addition to that, quizzes that required some thinking, and more relevant and at least slightly harder programming assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignment code is ambiguous and the assignment is not clear! The lecture is not much helpful than I thought it would be. Overall, I would not recommend this course if you don't need the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor teaching. Extremely difficult to decipher what is important and will be tested, and what is not. They assume that you know terminology and concepts that are not taught. Half of what they show, you are told to ignore. Obviously smart and capable researchers, but teaching the lay person is not their strong point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Readings were not necessary for the course and quizzes were extremely difficult, seeming to be worded in an attempt to stump students, and many questions were not from the course lessons. Videos very dry and boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is useful, but the execution is poor. There were numerous quiz questions that I think they just had coded wrong on their end. I think they need to carefully look at the questions with the most incorrect answers and ask themselves if they've made a mistake. Also, this might be the first time they've tried making a peer-reviewed project part of the course, but they did a poor job. They made it a homework assignment for week 2, but didn't make it clear that it wasn't due until the end of the course, even though Coursera sends you emails saying it's due soon. This caused a great deal of confusion. Some of the required readings also had broken links. It's odd nobody on their end checked those the week the material was taught. They do provide a lot of useful supplemental material (though often pay-walled).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad quality slides and presentation. not possible to use headphone since it was on mono not stereo. Interesting topic but not well executed to fit online learningThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
topic is interesting however the lecturers not quite livelyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the instructor voice are so calm , so i cannot concentrate wellThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Similar to other courses in this specialization, the material is very nice (although slightly easy and straightforward), but the course instructors do not moderate the discussions enough to make them a useful tool. Especially when I'm paying for the specialization, I would appreciate responses to my questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was very shallow as if teaching english literatureThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I learned a few things. The videos were good. The feedback from the student reviews was erratic. There was some good, thoughtful feedback and some was nonsense. I took the free option. I don't think I'd ever pay for a course where evaluations are conducted by people who understand the material no better than I do.This is the second course in this series that I completed. I also finished the machine learning course. I think I'm done with this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course contents are unfortunately very poorly designed, and this has been an ongoing trend in this overall specialization.The weekly lecture videos are at times quite unclear and leave more questions unanswered than they answer. I (and other learners) have found glaring gaps in the course content again and again. The examples that the lecture videos use do not nearly cover the variety of datasets being used by the learners in the course; and the least that could have been done is to at least inform learners of what to expect if they were dealing with a different research question and using an alternate dataset.I know the defense may be that the videos are meant to be introductory / gateway to a deeper understanding of that particular topic. The course moderators / instructors did a terrible job in keeping up with answering key questions that were posted in the discussion board. Yet most of the times when I was still searching for answers, looking up similar introductory videos in Youtube were far more helpful (and I didn't have to pay to watch them).The assignments are poorly worded because the instructions are not always very clear, which in my opinion set up a lot of learners including myself for failure. The lectures are often broader than what should be considered when finishing the weekly assignment. It wasn't even clear at times of what was exactly being expected in the assignment. The rubric that I had to use to mark my peers' work meant their analysis had gaps because the criteria for assessment is not transparent AT ALL during the submission of an assignment (they are starkly different in terms of details).All to say that I have been quite frustrated despite my best efforts to learn from these materials and much MUCH more can be done to improve the actual content of the lectures.Please consider adding alternate resources AS WELL where learners can go seek the right answers if the answer is not provided by the lecture materials. This can help to cut back on countless precious hours for those who are juggling a full-time job and retraining / career change like I am, not to mention the countless other scenarios of other learners out there.I am neither inattentive nor lazy, and learning this content is very important to me, if it wasn't clear through my comments here already.One last comment, for those of you who are all very sceptical let me tell you that I know that I don't have to be a statistician to grade the course contents, and I really hope the intructors are paying attention to these and similar comments from those enrolled in this specialization and the others who have completed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As with all Coursera courses, there is no way to communicate with the tutors, which is vey important in such a specialised course. The course also requires finishing assignments while needed clarification and explanation is not always provided in the course videos. in some assignment a required step was only explained in the following week (Centering variables).Assignments review depend only on peer review, when peers in most of the time don't read through assignment completely or open attachments leading to poor grading based on 'missed information' that are actually attached in submissions.Also this course along with the rest of the courses in the Data Analysis and Interpretation need some more focus on using SAS and other data analysis tools and the way to present results in a more appealing way. (this could be given one extra lecture in each course).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could be more clear about how to calculate period and latency.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sloppy, unorganized, and poorly presented. Try the similar class on EdX and YouTube for a much better and clear explanation and presentation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is very good but the lecture presentation and structure could use improvement. Assignment instructions are not as clear as they could be.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos should be completely reconsidered. Instructors pointing at virtual points on screen does not help at all. The course creators tried to squeeze in many concepts in 4 weeks. More examples should be provided in lectures, not just abstract math (e.g. lectures on projective transformation).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lots of cutting edge mathematical and computer vision concepts, but a serious lack of support. No technical staff around to help, only one or two examples of how the math works, and a general poor explanation of the concepts.This course is not for beginners, and I recommend you steer clear if you do not posses at minimum a bachelors in mathematics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments and weekly work is by far much more than the hours estimated. Finally I feel as I didn't learn anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course should have been very good. Lots of detail. But the material is not presented very clearly. The Assignments are also not setup so that it is easy to fix your work. It either passes, or you get minimal feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The least comprehensive course I ever took. It needs very good prerequisite about computer vision. And the demostration was very poor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professors very hard to understand, and videos don't have the best editing.Also extremely math heavy, lectures being just math formulas, without a lot of real life applicability (ex. the assignments where you have to project a logo, or cube, when the program gives you the location corners in a file, which will NEVER happen when you use your camera; finding that position is a pre-requisite of the entire program)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hubiera sido genial que se puedan dar los exámenes, y ya el pago por el certificado aparte. - It will be really great that you can make the quizz and get your results without paying, because you will not get the verified certify.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The speaker isn't very good, he speaks looking at his monitor all the time while he is reading the slides. I am not very happy about this course, I think it could be better if subjects would be deeper.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too shallow and way too english :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Reproducible research with doubt is important but videos and what it is discuss are not appealing and beyond that, what are worthen are the projects. I did not learn so much from the videos but by myself. Though, the forum is very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sholdnt be a different course. It shold be very very concise. Not this long.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Provides a very summary overview of a very important aspect of data analysis. Expected more!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Whilst I can see why the idea of reproducible research is important there was't really enough material in this course for the full four weeks - and in fact a lot of the videos repeated the same information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course seems 'light' in content - too much time is spent reviewing case studies instead of discussing different ways to create documents that enable reproducible research. Perhaps this should be a topic/chapter in another course, and not a standalone course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not a bad course, but it is very little informative. There is some nice general discussions about data science by the teacher, there is the explanation of the package knitr, and little else.As part of the data science specialization it is nice. As a stand-alone course, I would definitely not recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1 for Knitr, otherwise it's waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too expensive for such a simple courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've already written a review but it seems to have been removed...This is an awful course, there is very little purpose to it whatsoever, it is basically a module in markdown which will in all honesty not have much application for most learners.In addition, the course is not at all balanced / laid out well, there is a peer assignment in week 1, which you need to have covered week 2's content for.Lastly, the recording quality of some of the lectures is awful, it is clear that they have simply used some recordings of an actual classroom session of a related course instead of recording for Coursera.In all honesty, this entire specialisation is of awful quality, it is not a data science course, it is a "here's a few useful things in R" course, and the instructors should be ashamed that their institution makes money from it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seems like the course lectures are out of order or duplicated. In order for us the complete the first project, it required us to view Week 2 videos as well. I wish this was noted/told to the students in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor not as good. A big fail when you need the 2nd lesson in order to complete the 1st programming assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt this course could have been added as sections to other courses. One separate course for this topic is a waste of money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is poorly organised: There is a project on week one that requires knowledges of week two. Some concepts are dictated more than once because it uses videos made for this course + other recorded from a class room.I think this course should be a 3 weeks project and the price should be the half of it cost.Though I enjoyed the second project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The other modules that I have done in this specialisation have been great. The lecturers are insightful and the courses have been at the right pace. This particular module was flat, to say the least. I paid €43 to learn a small amount of markdown syntax, and the quizzes and the weeks didn't even match up!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It requires you to use a lot of personal information - I did not do well on a peer graded assignment because I didn't give out enough information about what my teaching level is. I fail to see how it is relevant to learning the course and do not feel comfortable volunteering the amount of information many other people do.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In getting feedback from my peer review which I am very open to feedback however, I guess I did not appreciate being told what I should or shouldn't do in my classroom with my kids. I appreciate suggestions for improvement but, I felt that more critique was on my teaching style than my writing. Again I appreciate feedback, but unless in my classroom with my kids and doing something I have done numerous times at the request of my own principal I did not thin it was fair. Also, as a teacher there is never just one way of doing things there is always multiple ways and being told to do it one way, there way was not appropriate at least for me so, this course although veryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What's there is ok, but there is only a few minutes of lecture material each week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
When I took, assignments 2 and 4 were broken and there were no mentors to help students. However, I am now told they will be fixing the course. I give 2 stars becuase the concepts of the assignments is good, but the course needs more attention.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wouldn't recommend this course to my worst enemy. There is 0 commitment from the TA and mentor staff. After 4 weeks of course, not a single reply from any of them in the forums.To make matters worse, the material is very superficial and lacking, the biggest proof of that is that each module is composed of about 4 videos of 5 minutes each! How can you learn anything in 5 minutes? The topics are so complex, there is simply no way to convey their message in just about 5 minutes. I had to search a lot outside of this course to grasp something of the topics covered. Actually, I found way better explained videos on youtube for free.The assignments of this course are poorly developed and don't reflect what is discussed in the videos well. I repeat myself, the study material was very lacking and consequently not enough for the assignments themselves. I had to spend days coding, debugging and reverse engineering the assignment files to finally be able to pass because they were wrong! They were incomplete and had wrong information. This is not a reverse engineering course... I shouldn't need to do that. Anyway, I did it because there was also no help from any TA to guide me in the right direction.Long story short, you are way better off checking the syllabus of this course and checking videos on youtube to learn about them, you'll learn way more than with this money grabber course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Barely any contents in the course. Only a few minutes of lectures, no quizzes and poorly constructed assignments that waste a lot of time. Weeks 2 and 4 have the worst material I've seen in all the courses I've taken until today.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You need to have deep knowledge in matlab to get pass the assignments. I have spent more time figuring out how the simulations are implemented that really learning about the target algorithm to implement.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very important materials are explained super briefly. I would only suggest it for getting familiar with the estimation "keywords and terminologies" or for someone who wants to brush up his/her prior knowledge in estimation. The total session time for all 4 weeks together is only a few hours and the homeworks do not cover the session topics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of things to improve, specially thr learning courve is from 1 to 100 and a lot of pre knowledge need, your future public is the hobby robotics people who want to expand their knowledge, a litlle more weeks maybe two can increase the likes for the course. Check this one Control of Mobile Robots you can get an example of a good learning curveThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not very clear. The assignments have several problems with the given code. There are many things to improve in the next sessions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignment is meaningless. lack of instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just boring lectures.After 30 minutes I was finish with the course.The course is very superficial. The instructor also speaks to fast. Sounds like she just read a text trough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very borring and too simpleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments should be much more clear in terms of what is expected from the students and how to approach the problem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
since there is a lot of math involved, there should be some carefully written readings. (not only slides or phd thesis)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor and a complete lack of interaction from Mentors/Tutors. Learners are left behind shooting bullets at the sky hoping to hit a star that might fall over with some hints. The course materials is consistent and very well informed but, as mentioned mentors/tutors since course began never showed up to clarify some frequent issues with Matlab codes and input data.Felt disappointed!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
[I am speaking from my personal experience about this course. I don't mean to insult anyone or criticize the method of teaching and I am not doubting the credentials of instructors. It is just what I experienced from this course that I am saying. However, I don't mean to discourage anyone from attempting this course. This review is just a summary of what I felt about the first two weeks of this course.]I don't think this course is for the beginners at all. The teaching method did not quite please me. It appears that the instructors and TAs are simply reading the transcripts and bombarding equations on the screen. Also, the course hasn't made any reading material available, and they are not even providing the slides for the lectures (as of till DEC 2016).I have enrolled and completed a course on mobile robotics from Georgia Tech on Coursera and they were using slides and at the same time the instructors were scribbling equations on the slides and ensuring that they maintain synchronicity with the learning and showing them how a particular equation emerges. They also had lectures which were designed to help learners attempt the quiz and special section about MATLAB and how to build robots. They also provided slides to revise what was mentioned in the lectures. They were teaching and not reading from teleprompter.This course looked lot of theoretical and I am not sure for whom it is designed for. Also, in the discussion forum, I haven't received answer to the questions that I'm posting(since right now it's holiday season, I can exempt them from not replying).I knew I could carry on with this irritation and still get the course certificate for which I've paid for, but then there is no point in wasting time in which the explanation is not clear. It would take me almost 20 to 30 minutes to make notes over a 5 minute long video. I would rather read a book on this subject.I would have appreciated if they followed certain steps:1) Make some course material which will help students read and revise information.2) Suggest some reading/reference material to understand the concepts which are not otherwise covered in this course.3) Use pointers(touch screen devices) to show and point out which equations are being referred to and maintain synchronicity between the information given in the slides and the one said by the instructor.4) Supplementary lectures are extremely fast paced and please don't take derivation of an equation for granted and please do explain.So, if you are looking forward to do this course, I suggest you go forward if you have an in-depth knowledge about vectors, matrices and calculus.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry, but I felt the week 4 assignment materials is not consistent to lesson videos or the lesson video does not explained enough.I think that making students think does not mean making explanation indistinct.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much better Courses are available for free on udacity and edx. this is only a money making course. concepts used are very old. nothing new in this course. One can dwell in PID controllers for life, its a huge are and the way its used here is totally ancient. its just some ancient methods in new quadcopters.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not even considered as an introduction it's a complementary for those whose career is robotics , in other words the required prerequisites are more than matlab programming skills and some calculus and algebra, its assignments have many problems that cannot be solved using just the course studying.the course doesn't give many information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting course. But definitely not for beginners. With a designer background, I could never accomplish this course. I really hope Penn could offer course in such topic for beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures provide an introduction to quadrotor flight dynamics and path planning. The lectures are ok.Unfortunately:At least one of the coding assignments has a significant bug in the termination condition. The mentors will ignore any help requests that deal with the bug in their code.The assignments involve a lot of hand tuning of PD controllers. That's a reasonable task to perform once or twice, but it rapidly becomes extremely tedious and detracts from the other materials that are being taught.The final assignment doesn't do a particularly good job evaluating the required test condition.If you do take the course I'd want you to know:You should expect to modify the provided code to fix their bugs.There are no "gotcha" quiz questions. If you are confused by getting a question wrong you might want to re-try your answer. There seems to be a bug in the way at least one quiz question is set up.On the final assignment you can modify the simulation step where it makes things run in "real time". Removing that step makes the simulation run much more quickly and allows for faster iteration.To conclude:This is a course with a lot of potential, but unless Coursera makes an effort to improve the course I would not recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Advertised as an easy course, week 1 is simple but quickly becomes far too difficult by week 2... Too late for your refund.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just PID in MATLAB and not very well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor. Assignments consist of transcription of formulae given in lectures, and then manually searching the parameter space for solutions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments for week 3 and 4 were very tough and a little guidance was provided on how to do the coding part. But since I'm interested in the course i'm re-enrolling to complete it this time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course successfully covers the mechanics and control topics of quadrotors. The course also points to some resources in order to extend your study on UAVs. However, there are some issues concerning the assignments which I didn't like at all:1. Big gap in difficulty between assignments of first three weeks compared with the assignment of the fourth week.2. The difficulty of the assignments of the first three weeks just relied on sweeping (somewhat 'smartly') a 1,2,3, or 6 dimensional parametric space. I guess that real UAVs engineers are not paid for this. In some assignment, I had to edited a file which I was not supposed to edit in order to pass it.3. The last assignment was quite frustrating for the following reasons3a. Really long running times to test if the parameters work fine. I would sacrifice the fancy real-time visualization to save some time. Apart from long running times, I guess that UAVs are not solving ODEs in real time on board, so I think is more interesting a more practical/real-time approach.3b. Search in a 12-dimensional parametric space (some parameters are equal, but still you end up tunning 5,6 independent parameters, which influence each other). Come on, is this useful? I am sure that UAVs engineers don't spend their hours in this kind of crappy search. You could explain at least some existing heuristics when having so many control parameters to tune.3c. Even though the drone trajectory seems to fit perfectly the planned trajectory, you might not pass the exercise, and you would get some clueless messages telling you the final position/velocity is not correct.3d. The assignment guide is very unclear in some parts.3e. A lot of typos in the formulas of the last part of the guide. I decided to completely ignore it and develop my own strategy, which turned out to be far simpler and easier to implement.3f. The submission program tests the whole exercise regardless you passed some sections or not, which make the waiting times even longer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course definitely requires prerequisite knowledge of calculus and matrix math. There is also very little in the way of practical application. The MatLab work is interesting but barely explained. The assignments were nearly impossible without help from other students. Understanding which equations that were shown in the lecture (not necessarily explained) were useful in completing the assignments was not apparent and there was no help from the TAs.I don't think the assignments were irrelevant but without having a background in academic engineering the course needs to walk through similar exercises with explanations to increase understanding and ability to complete the course.While I don't think this course was well presented and I can't say I truly learned anything I am glad I was exposed to the material and I will continue with the Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A tough score, which I have mixed feelings about as there was good stuff in here too. The course material is interesting and moves at a robust pace and I do think they have made an effort despite the fact that much of it appears lifted from one PhD student's dissertation. Realistically I would not recommend this course if you don't have a STEM Bachelor's degree and you will likely find it painful if you have been away from your degree more than three years. None of this is bad, although the material would have benefitted by being spread out by perhaps two more weeks as realistically people who have been in the workplace a long time may need more time, and have less time per week with family commitments. Unfortunately there are a number of areas that need work:1 - Inconsistencies and errors in the material. Certain unexplained suffixes in equations and worse, changes in the suffixes without indication that they changed or what they are. I don't feel that this was particularly widespread but it did result in some loss of confidence in the course and time being wasted "interpreting"2 - Tests throughout the course that often provide the relatively limited feedback of "correct well done" or worse I'm sorry to say, the relatively useless feedback "sorry that is not correct", without ANY explanation of why it was correct or more importantly what an incorrect answer should have been and why. I can understand that this will hopefully drive students should do more research, but if they hit a wall, realistically they're going to keep iterating on the answers until you pass and learn nothing because of the time pressure to complete by the end of the week. I wonder if there is a better mechanism that can be used here3 - TA Support - The lack of TA support coupled with some concern about a history of errors led the students to believe that there was an error in week 3. For 10 days students went back and forth debating which one of the two equations that were supposedly doing the same thing but with missing terms were correct. NOT ONCE did a TA wake up and step in. In the end one of the students flagged the video as "inappropriate" to wake the UPenn organization up. The TA then stepped in and said (I paraphrase) "oh, we just dropped those terms because they're not so important, but we didn't mention that..." If you are not going to adequately support the students, the material had better be bullet-proof and show some linear thinking4 - The last exam. Keep in mind if you do this course, you had better be comfortable with calculus, linear algebra, vector math/mechanics and it would be helpful to have a head start in Matlab. That said, the last question in the last exam, was an order of magnitude more challenging than everything else set and almost felt like a "shake out" question. I passed the course and had a good understanding of the material, but I suspect that the folks that did, made it through that last question in multiple random fashions. The material itself is relatively academic and the trajectory topic was definitely so. Unfortunately the one example (jerk trajectory) provided appears to have left a lot of students feeling very unsupported based on feedback I saw, and would probably benefit from having an example more fully worked through. As for the final exam, it would be highly desirable for UPenn to provide insight into how they would have solved the last part of the last question as my concern is that there is a whole contingent of people who did this course who didn't come away with as good a grounding on trajectories as they may believe they haveThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course does not a good job of explaining the mathematics very well. The supplementary material is very good in that regard, compared to the lectures. However, there are too few to make up for it. I would need a few example calculations of similar problems to what we are expected to solve in the exercises.As a result, my learning success is not very satisfactory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not well prepared and not well explained. They throw formulas at you and read it aloud instead of explaining the nature behind those.They change notations every lecture, sometimes in the same lecture. It's easy but these things made it artificially dificult.At least it's better than the next one in the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My feeling is that the course creator(s) did not fully prepare and scope of the course materials (i.e., lectures, supporting artifacts, assignments) required for the available time alloted to each week's topic. No syllubus or suggested reading material was available until the course started, which leaves little time to decide on the value of the course or to acquire the reading materials. The lectures glossed over topics that where only minimally supported by brief supplementary lectures provided by the teaching assistants. At the start of the course the lectures and sparse supporting material were only available in video format; not very conducive for detailed review. The student population had to beg for electronic copies of the materials, which became available around the end of the second week of the four week session. The assignments say they require 3 hours, but I would venture to say that most students have spent way more than 3 hours on the assignments just in researching solutions let alone debugging supplied software along with their portion of the assignment. In summary, the topics were interesting however the organization and supporting materials were lacking making for an unsatisfying learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had very high hopes for this course. I was actually planning to purchase the specialization - just as a thank you gesture. Unfortunately, there is very little to be grateful for here.In this course, you get a series of super short lectures giving you an overview of the math and physics behind the aerial robotics. I can't be the judge (since I hold a degree in this area), but I don't think you'll be able to get much if you aren't familiar with the topics yet. And you most certainly won't learn anything new if you had some previous training.And then suddenly there are assignments. That have almost nothing to do with the lectures, but require quite a bit of Matlab programming (did I mention you won't be taught any Matlab in the process?) To make things worse, the assignments are rather poorly explained.By the way, you won't get any replies from the course team - they even ignore questions about errors in lectures.The course looks very sloppy. As if someone forced the team to put together something for Coursera. A huge disappointment :(The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quiz and assignment are poorly designed. Important issues are overlooked or just briefly discussed in lecture. The assignment focuses on matlab coding, which only emphasizes the coding technique. Do not recommend to audience withThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was not a beginning level course as advertised.Test cases for assignments were neither document nor otherwise explained within the course materials. Quizzes during the lecture were often unrelated to the material just presented or were given before the relevant material was taught.The course creators obviously put a lot of time and effort into this course. So it is difficult for me to write such a critical review. However, they missed the mark with this one enough that I can't recommend the course.Unfortunately I will not be completing this course only due to the fact that I have run out of time and patience to complete the last assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So close but yet so far ...Course concepts are interesting and the programming assignments are fun but the presentation can be greatly improved.Criticisms include:(i) The course isn't self contained. Physical concepts like 'resultant moment', 'inertial and body-fixed frame' and 'torque' are used without definition. Mechanics is not listed as a prerequisite but it should be.(ii) Lectures are very mathematical but proofs, intuition and good problem sets are all missing. Listening to a math lecture without doing challenging problems or deriving mathematical results to build intuition can be a waste of time. Check out John Cochrane's Asset Pricing 1 and 2 or Tim Roughgarden's Algo 1 and 2 for great examples of thoughtful problem sets and intuitive derivations.(iii) Way too much powerpoint! Speed reading a static powerpoint slide overloaded with dense mathematical formulas without using pointers or animations to focus the students attention is a recipe for confusion and frustration. I find hand written derivations, even when the handwriting is a little sloppy, much easier to follow than a static page of formulas plus a sound track. Hand written derivations impose a natural pace and focal point to the content. Check out Gilbert Strang's Linear Algebra, Sebastian Thrun's Artificial Intelligence for Robotics and Andrew Ng's Machine Learning for examples of good derivations of mathematically sophisticated material.(iv) The programming assignments while fun were somewhat ad hoc and disconnected from the lecture material, specifically, the main task of every single assignment was to hand tune a pd controller. No systematic approach was ever described for performing this task.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a totally theoretical course. This actually does not help to build a quadcopter from the scratch. It should have been mentioned in the introduction. I am opting out. The lectures did not seem appropriate for the people without proper background. Not satisfied.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quizzes and Assignments are poorly designed. You will spend most of your time tuning parametersand deriving matrices that were never discussed in the course. Unfortunate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not a beginner level course rather it is an intermediate one. I had to put in more than 10 hours a week to complete this course. A basic knowledge of control theory is a must.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course feels like a bad news anchorman reading the teleprompter. It gives a lot of formulae without proper explanations. A lot of quiz answers do not come from the video lectures. The course is really just spitting formulae from the dissertation "Trajectory Generation and Control for Quadrotors" by Daniel Warren Mellinger (easily found using search engines). Reading the dissertation before doing the course would probably help understand the formulae they say out of context without the proper explanations. Sorry for the bad review, it's the first time I leave one like that, although I've completed many MOOCs. I hope it will help to improve the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material this course provided is sufficient for a beginner in robotics. But I have to say that the material the coursed presented is not well prepared. The lectures are not well organized. Some necessary prerequisite should be at least provided as reading materials. Quizs ask some questions that is not clearly mentioned in the lecture and some are with a little ambiguity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really bad course. They don't explain the concepts clearly, the quizzes ambiguously ask things not seen in the videos and the instructor introduces equations without further explanation. The course Autonomous Navigation for Flying Robots (edX) is much better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Requires MATLAB. In my view, a university should not be promoting a proprietary product. There have been other Cousera courses which used Octave, the free-software implementation of the programming language implemented by MATLAB.I have seen no good reason why Octave should not have been used for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos doesn't tell anything related to the test. How can I know the answers? Am I going to search them on the internet? Then what the meaning to learn this course?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are too brief and do not go into details pertinent to the main theses of the course. While it is evident that each of the Roosevelts had a significant impact on their respective time in history, saying that it was a Rooseveltian century is going a bit too far. Nearly all the reforms that they initiated were countered by the end of the 20th century. Wagner-Pyser, Glass-Steagall were gutted by the end of the century and as for the UN we all know how in ineffective that has been at protecting human rights. The only thing that has lasted has been Social Security and that is under attack by a co-opted ultra-conservative CongresThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some of this content is glaringly wrong e.g that F Roosevelt's freedoms weren't seen by him as inalienable rights, that culture and education were attributes of Eleanor's approach to freedom that were distinctive from FDR. One can go on and on ....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I enrolled weeks ago and I found that the system has kicked me out the course. I accomplished some themes and now what? Do I need to start again? Also I have already paid for the certificate.. comThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Two days later and still no available.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was excited to learn a bit about using document-based databases and JSON parsing and transport. However, for me the approach in this course was very dry and I found the material, goals, and teaching style to be a confusing jumble. It seemed like each section/module did not feel like a cohesive package, with each one building upon the last.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor alignment between assignments and lectures. Lots of content poorly explained.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material was was too much for the estimated time given to spend on the course per week. The assignments are very lengthy and the grading doesn't always conform to what would be intuitive.Some gems used in the course material are also old versions. There are entries in the db seed data that cause trouble, leading to intensive debugging and modification of given files that require a much more experienced programmer to figure out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would give this course 0 stars if possible.I am amazed that anyone rated this course better than 1 or 2 stars!The lectures are not focused on the information that is necessary for the obnoxiously long and tedious assignments.The assignments are poorly written and demand too much Ruby expertise for a course meant for Ruby novices. I spent over 15 hrs trying to complete week 2's assignment and still could not finish. I became so frustrated and actually angry at how difficult this course is designed I decided to quit. Coursera should not allow there to be courses that evoke such frustration and emotion. John Hopkins should be embarrassed that their name is associated with the pedagogical malpractice that is this specialization series.Foolishly, I paid for the entire specialization up front and Coursera refuses to refund me for the remaining two courses. (which I have not even taken)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good contents but a bit over-complicated assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unacceptable assignments length! The reason somebody would enroll to distance programme is due to personal high workload. It took me 2 weeks (not 6 hours as tutor mentions) to complete half of the second assignment and I am about to tell that I learnt nothing about MongoDB. The videos cover the very basics and in order somebody to complete the assignments needs searching in the internet. The videos must change to include more details about the presented topic.I am about to drop out of the specialization only because the specific course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
An unexpectedly disappointing, and in fact, downright awful course. The lectures waste a good share of time as in places they barely scratch the surface of what is further required to be implemented in the assignments. The assignments themselves inherit the nice modular spec-test driven spirit of the first two classes. However, the instructions are mostly quite vague or even misleading, occasionally dropping some “hints”, which are often either not helpful, or just offer to copy-paste a quarter page of code. The tasks are very (and by “very" I mean EXTREMELY) long, tedious, boring to tears and to the point when you start to wonder if the authors are trolling the students. How about a 53 (yes, that is fifty three!) pages of assignment for the 3d week? To be fair, not all of this is the task statement, there is a lot of test code as well, but you know.. even one third of 53 is an impressive volume for a 4 weeks course (you get re-enrolled if you fail to be fair). Took me 44 hours of pure coding time (according to WakaTime) to finish the course. I have passed tens of courses on Coursera, and this one is by far the worst. That is taking into consideration that I would not rather call any other course (of those I have taken) “a bad one”. I suggest saving time and money by buying a book on Mongo and another one on Rails instead. I do believe though that the course is very green and certainly has to undergo some refinements and I will be happy to see future reviews shadow this one as obsolete.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor course, especially when it gets to the last weeks, there are no enough instructions to help you in the exam. it is all about money transaction, I am sorry to say that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much talking in a lot of these course offerings. I have ADD and I cannot take excessive talking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent!But I couldn't complete the course without payments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not what I expected. Talks more about the professional settings where conversations are going to take place and not about helping student with their professional English speaking skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is great but beginners but not for intermediate and advance learners. I must appreciate Coursera for providing free courses. Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a mix of too much basic and irrelevant tips from different realms: pronounced english (which, in my opinion could be a great course of it's own), public speeking (only the basic of how to deliver which can be sum up to one page) and how to interact with other people (like how to say you are agree or disagree??? I strongly believe that if a person can understand those videos, I'm pretty sure that he knows that 5-years-old-extremly-basic-stuff).As much I like this concept of coursera, "speak english professionally" or even "speak english" is really a big statement for that course. Actually, from what it seems, the main point of that course is to get the students to purchase the full package of courses that the Georgia Tech Language Institude is offering. If you really like to know a great course that relates to the topic, I strongly advise you to check out the course "Public Speaking" by Dr. Matt McGarrity here at coursera. Best of luck.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was expecting something else, very basic information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the projects are very hard and uselessThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my opinion this course does not teach you to 'speak English professionally', but it teaches you to 'learn how to speak English'. I was looking for a course that would teach me how to write professional emails and have professional phone conversations, like which words I should use, what common sentences are or how to build up professional sentences. I am a bit disappointed and think this course was a waste of time for me. This is really meant for people that are learning to speak English and don't know how to pronounce words or how to respond to people in a really easy way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unforyunately all the information is rather basic, most of the knowledge provided is intuitively understandable. Didn't learn anything new. Probably the problem is that it really is super basic and may be useful for somebody who is doing 1-2 year of Bachelor's.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor is not clear and too fast!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did all four courses - the whole specialization. Each course in itself was aright and I learned new things. However, the course certificate is meaningless. It neither states the content nor the effort (for example the hours). Instead, it even says "non-credit course". This is despite the fact that the course equates "35 PDU's" and "counts towards the UCI Project Management Certificate Programm"; as it was described in the FAQ. I feel betrayed. How can I apply with such a meaningless peace of paper anywhere?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the only course in this specialization that doesn't seem to belong with the rest of the material. It seems out of place, and too little was done to relate it to learning python.Moreover, learning databases and SQL is easy; rather than taking up a whole course, this content could be relegated to one week of lectures in conjunction with some external references for further reading. Four weeks were spent on this external topic while the more interesting discussion on using python with databases is glossed over haphazardly in the last week.I am a big fan of this specialization and think Prof. Severance does a great job explaining some of the basics of python in a short amount of time, but this course needs to be restructured.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Charging for free content, really?? Go fuck yourselvesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Given that Python 2 was replaced by Python 3 some 6 years ago, I'm dismayed to see that this class is teaching Python 2 instead of Python 3.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good overview. Needs to include more hands on development. 1 star because Coursera wont let me take the capstone even after completing all four pre-requisite classes (this one is the fourth).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was informative and some of the material regarding databases will be useful towards my current job. However, I felt that in classes 3 and 4, Python was really an after thought. I believe I could have completed this course without ever taking the first two classes because the assignments only required slight modifications to existing code. I was more analyzing patterns rather then truly understanding the code. I would rather see the course continue to expand upon basic programing knowledge so that I can write the code by myself instead of seeking examples to cut/paste all the time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough material covered to make it worth the cost.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Verbose, wandering. Instructor takes too long to do too little. No value add over a textbook.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No teaching. Just a guy talking. Do the problem sets for practice. If you need help, pause the videos and try the code out yourself.Seriously though, a programming course where the teacher is not actively type out the code but just scribbling around it. He doesn't work through code but talks around the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not challenging at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Final Exam was way too difficult compared with the knowledge provided by the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was really difficult. The course material did not cover what we needed for the weekly quizzes (particularly in Week 3 & 4) and the final exam was immensely difficult. Additionally, the written instructions for the final exam did not even cover some of the questions that needed to be answered i.e. repeats or questions about particular reading frames when analyzing the ORFs. I had to do a lot of self teaching using random resources and I simply didn't have the bandwidth to dig around as much as was needed in order to do well in the class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although courseware video is well doneAssigment are poorly designed and imbalancedFar too easy on end of each weekLast week final assignment overly difficult and poorly guidedThe sense of progress is very small after completing the courseBiology meets programming from UCSD is better designed on pedagogy and code challenges level.Can't recommend not worth investing time or 50 bucksThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poorly organised material and illustrationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor lectures by one of the instructors makes it hard to listen.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In just the first 2 weeks I found several quiz questions that are not correct. Example code in quizzes is not complete. Spacing and indentation are incorrect in quiz samples(I realize this is probably to prevent copy paste testing of code, but you cannot answer is this code correct if you don't know where they wanted indentation to line up). Lecture presentation is not very engaging, almost seems like the female instructor was forced to stand in front of a camera and read note cards. Withdrew early.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Errors and glitches in the first two quizes that aren't fixed ('Don't worry, be happy, it's just a formating error, ignore the literal text displayed and just use your imagination to interpret what we thought we meant to say') have left me too unimpressed to spend more time wondering if I need to debug my code or debug their quizes.There are many other resources for learning python out there, and some of them take pedagogy seriously. Not, it seems, this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
final project almost impossible based on lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough material provided to successfully complete final exam. More detailed explanation needed for newbies in Python and especially for newbies in programming, as it is , I am assuming, target group.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor. Fun American English intermissions, that's about it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a really weak, and not very smart course compared to the other two in this specialisation (strategy formulation & strategy implementation)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A bit light in terms of content, this probably could have been condensed down into 2 lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great start. Many promises. But week 3 and 4 go in a wrong direction. Instead of speaking about Strategy - author goes into unrelated fields. Trash bins as a reference of a new strategical approach - misses a point that it is not a mass product. What strategical decisions did it involve that were not related to marketing? Almost none. Strategy is much, much wider term. Regarding new tendencies... Globalization has happened yesterday... Today it's time to open new horizons in relation to application of IT solutions to management problems. After AlphaGo proved that a computer program is more skillful in a complex game of GO than one of the top human players - it will not take much to the next step - strategical decision making on a corporate level. What companies need to do today? Infrastructure - probably. New organizational structure? - Definitely.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had rated this course 4 star earlier but, I am downgrading it to 2 star now as the course managers - coursera + CBS seem to have abandoned the coursera while the program is still running and being charged upwards of hundreds of dollars.The final peer assignment date has passed by close to 2 weeks and the grading process is not completed, neither there is any communication from course managers about the same.Very disappointing from Coursera and CBS. For free, the course may be still useful as early introduction to strategy but as paid course, refrain for the time being.My earlier review below.-----Delivery of the course - presentation, videos, sequencing and articles for each video are very well organized and executed. Referring cases studies is good as well.However, the material seems simplified and is very much a basic course and not intermediate or advanced course.Additionally, the quizzes are very simple and have ample room to increase the difficulty level in order to make the course more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The actual material in the course is fascinating and quite useful but, as is common with so many Coursera courses, the enjoyment of completing the course is severely hampered by the requirement to review the final assignment of other students. The purposes of these courses is to learn from experts in the field not to grade the work of others. I wish Coursera would really stop professors from pushing their responsibility- grading the work of the students and offering THEIR feedback- onto the students who may or may not have a firm grasp of the material in question.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very interesting but there is a problem with the quizzes, it doesn't accept correct questions. If needed I can provide a screen shot of the problem in one of the quizzes. Hope that all this will be fixed and I'll be able to take the course again.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although the information on the course states that it requires no prior programming knowledge, that statement isn't accurate. You will quickly become lost in the assignments and questions as they are a not a logical progression from the lecture material. The instruction from Mr Peng is all over the place and doesn't give you a good understanding of the language. I found SWIRL to be 100% more helpful. But looking at the upcoming materials, you need to have a solid background in programming to complete this specialization. Which SHOULD have been told to students prior to them spending money on the course. I would NOT recommend this course to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
By the end of the course, you do start to develop the "hacker mentality" the course writers want you to develop. That being said, it does seem that they could have done a much better job in the video introducing core concepts that would have given non-programmers a better starting point for looking for outside researchers. A ton of time is wasted in the earliest set of videos on super basic topics, but then the course jumps into some very advanced topics with little attention paid to core concepts except by the mentors in the forums. If these really are "core concepts", as described by the mentors, one would think that the teachers would spend time on those concepts in the videos instead of on more arcane use cases (which are precisely the sorts of thing it makes sense to look for in other sources). It really does seem that the teachers have no concept of what is critical content for beginners, given this odd imbalance of tons of time on extremely basic topics, tons of time on fairly advanced topics, and almost no time on critical intermediate-level content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Possibly the least well structured class ever. Also, not made for people to actually learn how to program in R. It is sad that I paid for this, and ended up going to another resource to learn... and it was much much easier.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The ask in the fist assignment was not formulated correctly. Felt the class needed more hands on learning. Although the lectures were clear and concise, going back to them really didn't help me with the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the assignments were very hard to understand. the course videos were poor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a huge disconnect between the lectures and what is asked in the homework assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the best course for beginners. Too much theory and no implementation. Also the assignments were impossible for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very bad. I would like to say this course sucks compared with my sql course no matter how it is structured or how the instructor conducted the course. The instructor is very boring and does not explain very clearly. Even when I start, he does not clearly clarify how to start to use R. He was just talking about what the powerpoint shows. I will absolutely not recommend this course if you are beginners. (0 STAR)I will give a little credit to swirl, a practical tool provided by this course to learn R by yourself thought the instruction of the R program itself. But for the later part of swirl, it's confusing sometimes. However, I learnt much more from swirl rather than from the instructor. I can't understand what he is talking about but you have to make it clear thru using swirl. He said the swirl is an optional part but he does not realized what he shows is much worse than swirl. (2 STARS)Overall, I don't recommend this anyone, especially if you are beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Love Coursera but was disappointed in this course. Being a true beginner w/no background in programming or data science, I felt the programming assignments were way too far a stretch from the Swirl exercises (which I felt were super helpful and beginner appropriate) and lectures. I spent 8-12 hrs on each one just googling and trying to decipher the programming jargon that most responses were written in. I was able to figure out workable code for most problems but I feel like I am still lacking the basic fundamentals underlying the solutions to these assignments and would have a hard time reproducing solutions to similar problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As someone with little programming experience, this course was extremely challenging and I don't think the information taught was enough to successfully complete the course. I had to go to another online education source to teach myself R before I could do the Coursera programming assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The homework and the lectures are at totally different level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The exams and projects are really really hard and make R newbies, such as I, feel very suffering. And these contents are not connect to the teaching materials closely. I think there is large space to improve this course to make it more accessible and learnable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I passed this course with score 95% finished all quizzes, Programming assignments and swirl exercises. but it wasn't useful that much. the videos wasn't interactive, to much theoretical parts...less practical you can't solve the assignments depending on the tutorials you have to google for the answers and know how people can solve the problems.......I recommend if there will be a new version to put these points in considerationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Damn near worthless. The course material has significant gaps of information. The programming assignments require knowledge that isn't presented in the course. I had to Google my way through this entire course. I would not recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor lecture support for the assignments. So much was not covered at all during the lectures that the assignments were extremely time consuming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very hard for a beginner. Lacks the slow build up I needed. Missing an explanation about a comma cost me about 4 hours. The assignments are brutal which encourages cheating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly, I'm very disappointed with this course. The content taught in this course is not in accordance with the assignments. It is like someone taught to be a builder and asked to build the Brooklyn Bridge ... Not fair at all.If you are going to ask to build a bridge, teach me how. If you teach me how to be a builder ask me for a wall, not a bridge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
huge gap from lectures and swirl to the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is just not a good course for a beginner, especially the assignment 2 is hard to understand. And hope this course can add a little bit material on statistical programming or machine learning session in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good intention but the programming assignments were much much harder than what was covered in the mostly theoretical lectures and the more practical but not as advanced swirl exercises. After reading other reviews of this course, and struggling to complete the FIRST programming assignment, I canceled. Please do not advertise this as for beginners - I think people who have had some programming experience before would find this great, but not for the newbie.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not like how the lecturer teaches. It is too theoretical, and from very simple concepts makes rocket science. It would be better to have more exmaple and less theory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor doesn't seem to be passionate about giving the lectureThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not meant for a complete beginner. I've spoken to a dozen people who have taken this course, and if you don't have some programming skills, you'll struggle. I'm not suggesting its not doable for the complete beginner, but the time commitment may be prohibitive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos do not adequately prepare the students of the programming assignments.The instructor should provide more support regarding the homework.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Swirl package contents were better than the lectures in the videos. The video lectures introduced concepts without any context, making them difficult to understand. The video lectures also didn't demonstrate anything. The Swirl package was much better at "showing one," "doing one."The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had really high hopes for this course. I am not a programmer, though in college I learned C, C++, and used MATLAB a fair amount. I wanted to learn R because it is a free software versus paying a licencing fee to use SPSS which I have done in the past. I had already completed the first week of the course and the first week in this course. I went through the slides and I didn't really feel like I learned any actual programming so then to expect to answer questions where you had to program seemed a bit out of left field. As a comparison it felt like they had an hour worth of slides talking about different trees and how to differentiate them then asked you to drive a tank.I then took the time go through two swirl assignments which I hoped was going to fill in the many gaps left by the slides. They were definitely more helpful than the slide show, but I still felt like they would teach you how to add then ask you to multiply.So in general my recommendation would be not to take the course unless you have a fairly solid understand of programming, otherwise you will do what I did and just wasted $50.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Had potential, but exercises and quizzes do not align with content taught by professor. This is not a beginners course!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The swirl exercises were helpful, but the video lectures and assignments were not. Therefore, I cannot recommed this course. There are better resources for learning R in general and R programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not good for people who would like to learn from basics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments do not match up well with the lessons and the lessons are BAD. They are not educational.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am a very frustrated learner trying to write a constructive review here. I studied the course full time to get a certificate to put in my profile. R programming is considered nearly essential skill, if not fundamental, to data analysis. So I had high hopes going into this course.Lecture videos: I cannot begin to tell you how many times I fell asleep watching the video lectures. This course is for you if you like listening to someone talking through pages and pages of copy/paste text from a command prompt. I, on the other hand, prefer learning by doing. Sadly, all the doing is clumped into the assignments (more on them later). Also, Dr. Peng makes gross burping/drooling noises in the video from time to time. I apologize if that sounded rude, but try listening to the lectures with headphones and you'll say the same. Video editing for pre-recorded videos is not rocket science.Assignments: These were the biggest frustration throughout the course. Imagine you want to learn to play the piano (and you play a little guitar now) and you go to the piano class. Your piano teacher talks your ears off with music theory for several hours and then hangs you out to dry in front of an audience in a concert hall. You protest "But I have no clue of how to PLAY", but your teacher says "All the piano greats learned by fiddling around with a "hacker" mentality". You ask "Why did I pay $50 to hack on my own?"Off-lecture help: If you take the course for the same reason I did, then thank your favorite god for the moderators in the discussion forums (mentors). 1 out of the 2 stars I give belongs solely to them and the fantastic work they do. The stickied posts in the forums offer a bit of help with the assignments (not enough, but still something). And they are also active in answering questions. The other star in my review goes to "Swirl". You will learn way more by doing the swirl exercises than watching the lectures by a long way.In conclusion, I finished the course with nothing more than a rudimentary understanding of R despite the fine grades. Very little thought seems to have been put into the lectures. I would recommend this only if you want to show this certificate to someone. Otherwise, stay away!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very painful training, the contents reviewed in the material will not make you capable to solve the weekly assignments, you will have to learn what you need on your own. To me the only value added of this course is that I will receive a proof that I know how to define basic functions in R.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
R is a good to know tool, but so many of these process are automated now. You can do this quite easily in XLS or SPSS in most cases.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is "1-dimensional" and not of high didactic quality. I have followed several other courses ( also Python in Coursera set up) and this one really disappointed me ( I'm in wk 2 out of 4 now). It is a bit of a pitty that the instructor speaks too rapid ( it is ment to be also for non-native US speakers?). The material is hardly explained step by step. So what I do at the moment: I watch the video and than go to Yuotube to find other videos that deal with the topics in an easier and didactic better way.Examples of good cousres in my opinion are stats and probabilty course/ and the python coursePS "all of the data toolbox" course seem to have the same flaws.Of course my knowledge level is low concerning programming ( I am a MD, so hardly scientific educated...). Nevertheless I hope this feedback can be of any good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a disconnect between the video lectures and the assignments/quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't think the course is setup for a beginner or a person who has never used R...very frustrated with needing to search the internet for help on everything that the course is supposed to be teaching me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments had nothing to do with the lectures. The teachers do a poor job of explaining basic concepts and theories. The class is a lot more advanced than the class description makes it seem.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
From my past experience, I know it’s not easy for people to take suggestions. But I still want to have a try this time.I had high hopes for this course, but I am quite disappointed. I think Dr. Peng needs to improve his teaching skills.1. Good teaching is clear, concise, and right to the point. So please slow down, speak. Don’t mumble.2. Programming is a practical skill. So the best method to learn programming is to use step-by-step demos. You can talk about a concept for 5 to 10 minutes but I still can’t get it. Use a demo and I can get it right away.3. Don’t just try to cover the materials so you think you have done the teaching, try to understand how your students learn and make sure they really get it.4. If you haven’t covered some concept, don’t assume your students will understand it by magic.A good teacher can make the learning experience effortless and fun, a poor teacher makes it like a torture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are huge gaps between learning materials (videos) and assignments. Assignments are very difficult and definitely not for R beginners. Also assignments' instruction are a little difficult to understand. I wonder if the purpose of assignments is to exam our reading and understanding abilities or the skills of R!!!I also took courses <Getting and Cleaning Data> and <Exploratory Data Analysis> at the same time and these two courses' assignments are much easier than the course <R Programming>. Writing function in R really isn't that easy especially for an R beginner who only has little knowledge of R packages and functions. I really don't think this course should arrange as the second course to take in this Data Science course series.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A University Course should be a place where you advance your knowledge with a "limited and reasonable" amount of time spent in the course. The role of instructors should be to "invest" the time to provide the concepts and information for the students of the course to "learn" faster than if they had to research (the planet) by themselves to find the knowledge. The information provided by instructors therefore must be "accurate and complete". This course has so many "incomplete" pieces of information, that it requires insurmountable amounts of time to "find" the concepts required to apply the knowledge, hence it becomes a gigantic "time waster". Unfortunate! the tool and the concept of data science is necessary, but a course organized this way is only for "full time students" that have only one obligation, study. This course as it is should not be in Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Better than the Data Scientist's toolbox, but not a great introduction to R. When I'm learning a new language, I don't want to know about data types and for loops. A detailed example showing the strengths of this language would be better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content and the assignments are too far apart. I would have learned more if it was better aligned and there were some exercise in between.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Somewhere during the second week there is a gap in coding that I could not overcome and this ruined the whole interest in pursuing the course because in order to overcome it I had to cheat. I don't feel like I am learning anymore.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures for this course do not adequately prepare students for the graded quizzes and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
homework was poorly structured and not adequately discussed in the lecture videos. Had to dig through several buried links to make any progress on the homework assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos have very little to do with testsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a disconnect between what is taught and what is assigned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not set up right, the assignments ask you to do things that aren't explained until the next weeks content, its kind of discouraging. In the end, it does teach you the basics of R, its just too bad that the way to get there is aggravating.The reason I still only give it 2 stars is because of the quality of the courses itself. There are many, many 1 and 2 minute videos, these could've easily been combined. The teacher seems unprepared in his lectures, he stutters and repeats a lot and makes a weird noise between slides. This shouldn't be necessary with pre-recorded lectures. The assignments and quizzes are also poorly written and contain spelling and sloppy mistakes, which doesn't make sense because the material isn't new. It all just makes it seem like the teacher doesn't really care and just wants to sell the course to a lot of people without putting in much effort.If you are not following the specialization I would not advise this course for beginners. I'm quite surprised to see the course get such high ratings.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
it's so hard for beginners in my opinionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was frustrating, the learning curve nearly vertical, the material dense and inaccessible, and the evaluative assignments impossible for new users of R without outside resources. No one should take this course unless they are powering through it for the Data Science specialization. Otherwise, would-be students should just buy an R For Dummies book, and use materials elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They shouldn't compact 14+ videos in one week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first 2 weeks have too many videos, which make it difficult to follow. This breaks the flow of the lectures and makes a lot of unuseful repetitions.The slides only have words and are hard to follow, no graphs or illustrations, this means that you rely on the voice of the lecturer to guide you, which is difficult sometimes.Furthermore, the code presented is not run 'live', and results are often lacking, which makes comparison with 'my own results' hard to do.Summary: Not that its a bad course (SWIRL is a great tool), just look for another course that's easier to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a little too deep into programming and a little light on learning the basics of R. I would recommend splitting out the more advanced programming concepts in this course and offering them in a course near the end of the specialization.This course should be higher level and give the user a wider view of R. Currently this course seems to assume significant knowledge of R or programming in general, making it not a good early course in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not very "beginner friendly"The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course does not do a good job actually explaining R or training you on how to properly use it. The lectures go over the material very fast and you do not get much out of them, and then the assignments throw complex problems that are very difficult. You spend most of your time Googling to learn it, and I find that I would have learned R better if I just did that to start without this course. Maybe if you aren't new to R and have a programming background, it may not be so bad, but if you are new to R and not an experienced programmer, this is not the class to take to learn it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Morely designed on slideshows, not effective.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was difficult for me to grasp. The instructor (I believe) assumes that all participants have some background in programming, and since I do not, I have a very difficult time following the examples. I bought the entire series of classes, but need to retake this one after I read some more from other sources and have had a chance to digest what's here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is not much of a relation between what the course gives (explains with the videos and with the SWIRL exercises) and the real exercices they ask to. Too difficult to follow by people new in the programming area.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor needs to emphasize on basics before going advance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor quality. A disappointing experience.The lectures are very basic, thought for people that have no experience in programming. This might be ok, but the difficulty of assignments should follow; instead, they can be relatively hard; newbie programmers will probably have an extremely hard time solving them, considering that many of the problems they will encounter are not treated at all in the course.The course does not focus enough on what differentiates R from other languages: just a few videos on data types, *apply functions, and a tiny little bit of scoping (very unclear). All these areas should have been expanded, and the course should have had more arguments as well.Finally, the assignments are not enough and their grading system is quite poor: instead of submitting your code and testing it automatically, you should calculate some quantities by hand and select the results out of a few possibilities.All in all, I was disappointed with the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you are planning to learn R, then go and buy a book. This course is a complete scam. At least don't pay any money. The reasons;1.) They advertise that you need couple of hours of study per week. That's a lie, you have to study much more than that unless if you know a little R programming.2.) The quiz questions are totally unrelated from the lessons. They teach you the basic stuff but they expect you to accomplish intermediate quizzes.3.) The instructor has no idea how to teach. May be he is trying to prove something. I couldn't really understand his motives. If you really want to teach that's simple. You do couple of extra videos and teach whatever you are asking in quizzes, or tell us to read a certain material. He didn't do any of them which means he either doesn't know how to teach or this specialization is a complete scam.4.) And I don't really understand what coursera is doing by the way? What kind of a business model is this. I was planning to enroll many specializations but now I am not going to do it. So think about how much they are loosing. Where is the quality assurance. Just because one guy comes up to you and say that he teaches this and that do you believe them?MY ADVICE TO YOU: DON'T PAY ANYTHING FOR THIS SPECIALIZATION. AND FOR ANY OTHER COURSE READ THE BAD REVIEWS FIRST (WHICH WAS MY MISTAKE).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm giving this course one star because zero stars is not an option.I wish I had read course reviews prior to beginning. First assignment was tough... but do-able. Second assignment seems straight forward, but the template they ask that you follow contains small tricks which appear to be FAR BEYOND anything touched on in lectures.I'm actually going to fight for my money back, what a scam.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos are poorly narrated and are marginally effective: vocabulary + key concepts only. The "swirl" exercises are woefully inadequate to prepare students for the quizzes. Foundational tasks (i.e. establishing a valid connection to the sample data) are conspicuously absent from the guided exercises; leaving too many students to seek help from message boards and google. Lastly, the "professors" are completely unreachable: they may as well be dead. After 30 years in the IT industry, I found this course to be profoundly aggravating and a complete waste of my time - I have abandoned this course and bought a "Teach Yourself" book instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Way too much way too fast. Not sure how I would make it better, but I felt like I was learning from googling more than from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not a course for a beginner in programming. If you are interested in learning R, I would recommend going to DataCamp and starting there. The lecture videos were not engaging, and the jump from the lecture and quizzes to the programming assignments was quite significant (as others have pointed out). The lecturer for this course does have a pre-programming assignment on his GitHub repository to aid in the first programming assignment, but this was not easy to locate nor advertised well (had to scroll through discussion forums before I saw someone mention it). The swirl assignments were the only saving grace for a class that was otherwise not engaging or structured well. The class could stand to be restructured: for example, it would have been nice for the lectures to cover the str() function before our first programming assignment. Overall, this class does seem to be a good choice for a "refresher" course if you already have some experience coding in R, but be wary if you have little to no programming experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Death by power point. If you can learn from essentially listening to a pod cast and reading unix type manual pages, then this course is for you! If you're like the rest of the population, then these lecture videos are useless. The only redeeming quality to this course has been the homework, but you can find them online or come up with them on your own.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures are very boring and designed in a weird way. He is simply reading the book that he wrote and no real practice was ever done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It feels like this course was abandoned by the instructors. The Programming Assignments are practically impossible to be done unless you have previous programming experience. Other than swirl, it would be very helpful if there were basic optional exercises for those who have never programmed before. I worked hard to be able to follow it, but if I knew how uninvolved the instructors were, I would have saved my money and spent it on a course with active involvement from those who developed it. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much ppt and theory, while little examples and real codeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The jump from the lecture material to the assignments was way too much. In order to complete the assignments, one needs to spend lots of time learning things not covered in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is not an introduction to R programming... this is more in-depth than just introduction... in week 2 we're asked to compute and program to read multiple files at once with very specific functionalities!... this is not an introduction to R programming whatsoever... also it requires a lot of user reading from other sources i.e. google, stack overflow... etc... I don't recommend this to newbiesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is way too esoteric. The content was delivered way too fast for me to keep up and process it. This needs to be taught with more frequent hands on examples. I'm also not sure why, if auditing, we can't submit and see how we're doing on the learning. I have no way to evaluate if I'm picking up the concepts or not, which is a struggle. Overall, I would not recommend this course for R beginners. I would look elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Why should I waste my time listening to someone reading a book to me...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was so convoluted and not practical that it made me lose complete interest in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For an introductory course with no prerequisites, the assignments should cover material that has been introduced in lectures. Non-introductory and advanced courses in R can require students to look outside of lectures for completing relatively complex problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is *NOT* for beginners. I would not have asked my work to pay for the specialization if I knew it would take me 3 months to complete R Programming. I have a degree in economics, magna cum laude, so clearly I'm not dumb. Also, I have non-trivial experience with Stata. When I read that this would be a suitable introduction for anyone, I had no idea that what it would really take was a professional programmer (which I am lucky to have as a partner) to fill in the gaps.Extremely misleading.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is the worst course that I have taken so far. I am not happy with the course content and the way that the lecturer uses to teach this course. I really want to refund my money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecture is too general. Not a courser for beginners. But if your are not a beginner, you won't need this, so…The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures did not prepare for quizzes/assignments. Not a class for beginners.It would be better if he used R while lecturing instead of just talking through the whole lecture.I got more out of the swirl tutorials than I did the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a class for the beginning programmer. The lectures do not line up with the assignments, and if you don't have programming experience, you could easily spend 10-20 hours/week figuring out how to finish the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not the model of learning that is encouraging or sticks. hard for a student (even one who has a programming background) to sit through hours of slides explaining what the functions and definitions in the language do without a layer of use context upfront.The content jumps from specific examples to unrelated specific definitions without carrying a sense of integrating the new knowledge with any past knowledge in the course. the whole course seems disjointed.would have been much more effective as learning through examples and to be taught functions and definitions as they come up in problem solving.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a tougher class than advertised. I essentially had to clear my entire week's plans to complete the first week's assignment, which was by far the toughest. There needs to be more testing on a variety of incoming skill sets. The lectures can also benefit from a recalibration, because the lecturer speaks way too fast for newbies and speaks fastest when explaining the most complex concepts. This makes it tough to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures and Swirl exercises are extremely easy to understand and follow, but then the assignments are incredibly complicated and difficult. The assignments ask for techniques that aren't focused on or even covered in the lectures. The tips offered by Al Warren in the Discussion forum make the assignments possible to do. Since the tips are so critical to understanding and completing the assignments, I think Al Warren's tips should be incorporated as part of the core course. This course needs more time to be covered in depth - it's a lot of ground to cover in just one month,The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Actually I feel like i'm reading the instruction manual without knowing useful skillsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I managed to complete this course, but that was because of my four years of "MOOC-level" "programming experience" and duckduckgo (~google), not because of the course material. Videos are dull readings of the pdfs, with many "ummmm"s and annoying lip-clicks. Examples are useless, explanations are often vague or even incomplete. The assignments are relatively hard in that you don't get all the necessary info from the course, sometimes even R's own manpages aren't enough. (Which is a shame, as you'd expect a course to teach you how to use the tools you will need for the assignments.)If you have no programming experience, stay away from this course!Otherwise, if you want to learn R, look for other resources, and save yourself some time and money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is misleading - the difficulty ramps up too quickly, with the result that those who do not have a programming background will not be able to keep up. It should be toned down and reworked, or split into two courses. Cramming everything into 4 weeks makes everything too difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The new platform Sucks!!!The people who just want to learn for free and not purchase a certificate are barred from attempting the quizzes unlike the old platform. Not being able to take the quizzes completely ruins the learning experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My background is in software development, so I know a thing or two about writing code. I'm about halfway through the course, and I'm really struck by two things:The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very difficult for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In Lectures rate of speech is really fast and in some presentations are not clearThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly organized and managed. Each week of this course should have been broken down into individual 4 week courses. I have 20 years software development experience, and I can tell you this is too much information to cram into a single class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures were not on par with the, in my opinion, extremely demanding programming assignments. I'd say some knowledge of advanced coding was required in order to complete the assignments, or alternatively, lots of time to learn by yourself on google and forums, which wasn't really the point, was it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Disorganized course materials. Gaps in the materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am really unhappy with this course. Coming to R with some background in statistics and SQL, but lacking programming experience, I assumed this would be an introduction. The material in the lectures is straightforward enough, and the swirl exercises are easy to get through and informative, but the assignments are, without exception, based on writing functions in R with basically zero experience. Having no background or frame of reference for best practices in syntax, logic, etc, and very little information in the lectures or supplementary material to help, I found these to be almost impossible to complete.Furthermore, there's no mechanism or provision in the course to review the assignments after they're submitted. So not only did I not feel like I was doing the work correctly, I can't get feedback, and the lecturer doesn't break down the rationale behind the assignment, and how he would have done it or why. In addition, the assignments bear only a tangential relationship to the lecture material. So I would be feeling good coming out of a lecture and going through swirl exercises, only to be plunged into a programming assignment that was far too advanced for the small steps I felt I had taken in my overall competence with the language and material.I don't doubt that someone with better knowledge of programming can get through this stuff, but this class should be reserved for advanced learners only, or maybe be broken up into two courses. I feel like I wasted $49.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments do not correspond with video lessons.Video lessons has a lot of teorical concepts that are not usefull at all.There's a big opportunity to enhace this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Completely lost. This is not meant for rank beginners. Data Camp's free R course has been much more helpful for me than this. It doesn't have the same level of detail as this, but at least I'm not watching an instructor gloss over concepts or ideas that are completely foreign to me as someone completely new to programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures will help you to pass the quizzes, as they are primarily theory and background. The lectures will not, however, aide you in any way in completing the programming assignments. The first programming assignment is extremely difficult and very little is done in the lectures, the textbook, or in swirl to pull all of the pieces together prior to the first programming assignment/quiz. There are so many disparate concepts, that it would be nice if the instructor could at the very least, demonstrate a full analysis of some kind of tabular data in R. How to properly import the data, create the file, structure the data, and then perform some analysis. These concepts are introduced throughout the course, but never brought together in one complete project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is probably the most pedagogically inept course I have ever enrolled on. Although the content is what you would hope to find in such a course, the delivery of it is outrageously bad. When to complete your assignment, Google becomes your best friend rather than your lecture notes, you know that something is wrong. The idea that a baby thrown in the water may just learn to swim rather than drown is pedagogically retarded. Unfortunately, this seems to be the approach here...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not for new programmers. The lecture material is also not logically organized and does not correspond to the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not at all beginner friendly, really hard to follow the assignments and the lectures if you do not have a programming or R background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Week 2 is an unreasonably difficult jump from Week 1. This course's beginner friendly lectures do not align with the level of understanding needed to complete the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos were helpful, but too fast. Not a lot of time is spent on any of the functions of F. Swirl helps but not a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments not always in line with lecture.Material is above beginner level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
there is a huge distance between what you teach in the videos, which is fine, and the programming assingments which seem to be apt at an expert audience.to solve these problems I have to spend hours and hours on the internet looking at other people doing similar projects or asking for help.I agree that by looking you can get insight into what you are doing, but the lessons need to be built little by little and supported by practice.You can't slam me with these cache problems giving me an example that is hard to understand (much harder than anything seen during class) and expect me to do it in 5 hours per week. Maybe 5 hours per day.Disappointed. I wanted to use the whole course to learn about rprogramming but I will most likely try to get back the money I spent on this and let it go.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only the most basic of instructions for R, which are bland and easily read in the documentation or other free resources. There are very few best practices or real examples to use anything found within. The quizzes and assignments do not match the lecture material and are contrived. Not worth the money!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's good introduction, but the assignment are rather poor. Not worth paying for itThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Peng is incomprehensible. I give up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too short, too simple, too theoretic.I found of little interest the slides, partially interesting the swirl exercise, interesting the programming assignment.I would like to have a longer course with more practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is NOT a step-wise introduction to R for the novice. Useful in many respects, but the uninitiated to the field need more time, slow increments in project difficulty and more thorough, step by step explanations. I think the designers of the course wrongly assume that ALL R programming should be taught in THIS course which is erroneous; it should be about laying the foundations, on which the student can then expand his/her R programming abilities.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content and the speed that they teach you R are actually good. But considering that we now have to pay 45€/49$ for the course you will expect more polished videos and quizzes. Some of the videos are just stutters, repetitions and filling words. It's seems like they have been in a rush without decent preparation. Also one of the quiz questions was simply wrong. This should be fixed. Furthermore some of the commands they present are deprecated and cannot be used anymore.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disjointed and no clear progression. While it teaches the basic syntactic rules well enough, the functionality of R is explored in an ad hoc manner where the assignments have little to no relation to the week's lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very essential topics, but the instructor's delivery of content is inconsistent, glosses over explanations at time, "umms and arrrs" a lot, talks extremely fast at times. Making this course quite hard to follow.Disclosure: English if my first language. Not new to programming. Not new to MOOC courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Waste money and time! Do not explain very well!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
BEWARE. If you are someone who is new to more advanced math or to any sort of coding, this course will be very confusing, totally unpractical, and you'll walk away not feeling like you've really learned how to use R in a real way.I was incredibly disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You can't do assignments using the lecture materials. Need A LOT of time to finish this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Course is not easy for someone who is new to programming languages, I myself with 2 years of programming knowledge with other languages I found it difficult to understand, the only thing I liked about this course was swirl training it was pretty easy, fun, and clear.Assignment was too hard and the descriptions are not that clear specially assignment 3The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poorly constructed. There are major jumps in the difficulty of material that are completely unnecessary. The material could very easily be broken down into more manageable and comprehensible chunks. There is no repetition of any exercise or function to engrain any of the material. This course suffers grossly from the "curse of knowledge". If it were structured in a way where (a) material was broken down into smaller bits, ideally as beta tested by true rank novices and (b) all materials or specific functions were presented with repetition, similar to how khan academy structures its math section, then this course would be much better. I would also assume, given a and b, that there would be higher retention and comprehension. The expected time requirements are also wildly amiss. Try beta testing this on TRUE rank novices. The program suggests that this is for "beginners". I find it doubtful that a true beginner would fare well in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You don't really learn what you need from lectures. While I agree part of the experience is having to search and figure things out yourself, this goes beyond what I would expect. I have a technical background (heavy database, Data Warehouse, sql, and coding) and it was difficult for me, I can just imagine if you didn't have a technical background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments are highly dissociated from the course material. Also once the due date has passed sharing the best solution would help so as to give insights on what could have been done better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i generally think the course needs a lot of improvement as after week 1 the assignments and quizzes don't seem to relate to the course content. we are at very different levels so a more gentle easing and explanation of ideas is necessary other than this apparent quantum leap from one stage to the next. i have had to do a different course else where and i am getting the sort of good introduction into the R language, its not practical to expect everyone to understand the ideas in 4 weeks.programming is hard enough as it is.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher goes very fast with the concepts without really spending much time on each of them. It will be great if instead of covering all things in short amount of time, the teacher could write R code using each type of function in console so that students know exactly what to expect.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a challenging course because there is a marked gap between the video lectures and the weekly assignments. This course will be far more demanding of your time and willingness to fail that the Data Scientist's Toolbox. If you have the time and resilience to search out support materials and frequently peruse the Discussion threads, you will be able to find what you need. My peers with programming experience confirmed that there is too wide a gap between the content delivered in the video lectures and the demands of the coding assignments. If you decide to take this course, be sure to do the swirl exercises so you get a feel of how the R functions work. When you grade your peers' work, you might notice that more than a few decided to plagiarize code from others.The videos need to be redone. Effective instructors know that students learn by seeing examples, not by listening to broad descriptions of what a function can do.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the jump in difficulty for the first assignment too great. This seems to be a view reflected elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Don't take this course unless you have a programming background. Week 2 has a programming assignment that is way to advanced for students without any programming knowledge. This assignment deals with functions, where the code is complicated. What's unfortunate is that you have to finish ever assignment, including this impossible assignment (for beginners) to get recognition for the course. I spent most of my time researching other sources for information because the lectures, and the supplemental information given on a different site, by the instructor (which indicate knowledge that the lectures are insufficient) give trivial examples when the programming assignments are anything but. This course needs some serious adjustments, either with the prerequisites needed for success in this course, or with the material within the assignments themselves.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am very frustrated by the disconnect between the lectures and programming assignment in this course. The lectures are very basic, but that makes sense for an intro-type course. The programming assignments, however, have very little connection to the lectures. I have some experience using software with command-based interface (including R) for statistical analysis, and I am relatively good at searching and finding information independently, but this course was way too hard even for me. I might revisit programming assignments again once I have more time and more experience with the application, just for the sake of completing the course, but I kind of find it silly that I need experience with R to pass the course intended for people with little to no experience with R.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is a wide gap between the lectures and the practice. Its clear that the video material is completely inadequate and insufficient for the course. A poor introduction to programming.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult to follow if you are new to any type of programming. This is not a beginner's course. Best to take this course after trying Swirl, Data Camp, or Code School.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The gap between the lecture materials and programming assignment is enormous. So much of lecture seem to be on the history and theoretical of R programming that it completely fails to cover the material needed to actually completed the programming assignments. Incredibly disappointing!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is VERY abstract and I find myself rushing through the videos to get to the practice/quiz so that I can trial and error my way through the project..... hoping for the best. Neither am I excited about starting the lesson each week because there is no real world problem/or data set I'm continuously practicing from. The lessons are essentially a reference guide and not a useful approach for teaching. If I wanted a reference guide, I'd just pick up one of the various handbooks/books on the markets that list R codes and their functions. A better way to teach/present this course is by infusing actual, real world examples or cases throughout the lessons instead of just listing a function and talking through its corresponding activity/response. Ideally, the real world example would be introduced in the first lesson in Week 1 and that data set would be used throughout the course(s) to apply and practice newly introduced functions. Teaching from this perspective would likely make the concepts much easier to grasp and importantly, RETAIN. The lessons, as they are currently presented, encourage rote memorization and rob the students of actually applying the concepts/code taught.Also, I love the idea of this specialization. However, I think the professors need to work more closely with online instructional designers to make the entire series more palatable for online learning. It very much feels as if they have adapted a traditional course on their own without the help of professionals who are skilled at designing online courses. If the aforementioned is the case, the professor(s) should be commended for their efforts, but there is definitely more work to be done to make this an engaging course I'd recommend.PS - I am taking notes and I have some experience with STATA so this type of coding/anaylsis is not unfamiliar to me. I can only imagine how novices may take to the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
They don't give enough inputs and instructions to complete the assignments, unless they could offer addicional material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was really hoping to complete the data science specialization, but I have found the first couple of courses to be not very cohesive. This course in particular was ok, but lectures and application (projects and assignments) had such a wide gap between them I found that I was mostly teaching myself...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very superficial and inconclusive.The course professor focuses more on himself than on the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor. Very boring and dull presentation. Hardly anything is explained very clearly. It would be far more profitable to simply study an appropriate textbook or online course notes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent video materials---one of the best classes on this subject, but there has been no support. Missing and incorrect spreadsheets for assignments and no response from TAs for days at a time. This could be a great class if they get the bugs fixec.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Intro audio for each video is incredibly poor.Early course videos have too much animation; it’s distracting.Video 1.3.1- At 4.57 says “Certain jobs and tasks that are not value added are more easily outsourced. But critical functions that are part of the company's value chain or the critical functions that give the product or service value to the customer, should really be outsourced.” I assume that was supposed to say NOT be outsourced, otherwise it doesn’t make sense.Lesson 1.3: the link to the IRS page isn’t hyperlinked. You have to copy and paste.Module 1 Final Quiz: questions aren’t worded well.Mid-lecture question pop up in the middle of sentences and sometimes even words.Quote from video 2.2.2: “Did you know that over 90% of candidates are now using mobile technology to look for jobs?” Then the practice quiz question “What percentage of job seekers use their mobile device to search for a job once a week or more?” and the correct answer is listed at “68%”. There is no mention of 68% anywhere.Videos often go silent for several seconds for no apparent reason. These could easily be edited out.Week 2 quiz: Q. 6 “improve employmentoutcomes” - somebody forgot a space.Practice quiz 3.3, Q 1: “"Tell me about a time when you made a mistake" is what type of interview question?” - Answered Behavioral, but system marked wrong (but under the answer Behavioral note says “behavioral- tell me about a time”, so obviously it actually is the right answer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There were some real technical problems in this course. The video sound wouldn't match up in places, and the brief questions inserted into the video would come prior to us learning the content to answer the question. In addition the quiz answers would not match up to what was learned in the video. For example, one quiz asked what type of question would "tell me about a time" be, and in the video it literally said it was a behavioral question, but that was marked wrong in the quiz. There were also several instances where the percentages taught to us were marked wrong in the quiz. This was not as high of a quality learning experience as the first course in the specialization, so I was quite disappointed. I do hope someone will go through this course and fix the inconsistencies and technical errors. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't pass because you don't allow me submit my assignment and asked me to subscribe although this course is paid !!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
WoW awful presentation but great instructor. I expected much more than this but :(Leveraging employer brand is not compelete :\The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course seems patched together. The volume isn't consistent, even within videos. Some videos / slides are great and full of information, while others are just long periods of talking with one word or phrase on the screen and none of the information put in written form.Some of the questions occur in multiple practice quizzes. Also, there are misspellings in the quizzes. Finally, one quiz marked a question wrong and then, in the comments, noted the answer was right.Further, some of the videos seem to stretch out information to fill time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horrible experience as a student. No moderator or the faculty replies to your queries. The instructor has just left the course to take its own accord. It is frustrating to get such a response when you have paid a hefty much for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very substantive. Seems to be a marketing ploy for those on-screen more than to be anything of use to its audience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Topics were not taken in depth and enough clarity. I tried hard to learn in the course but lost track by the end of week 3 and the peer assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There should be an instructor available to address specific grading concerns. Peer-grading is too subjective and students use their opinions as opposed to rubrics for grading, and often do not read all the material prior to assigning a score.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No option of completing the course without paying. So why do you call your site FREE online courses? And why do we have to go into the trouble of attending the class and watching the videos, and reading the material without being capable of at least watching our results in assignments?I am a member of your site for many years and I have also recommended your site in many people.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unable to start the course. The page re-loads again and again in an endless loop!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was a big let-down compared to other courses in the specialization. It doesn't seem like a lot of effort went into course planning and creation. Much of the content is unclear and there is little depth. course textbook, and some swirl exercises would have helped.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very shallow content - broad, but not deep. Not many assignments instead of the last one. We hear what we heard before. For the same price, Analytics Edge at EdX is far better choice for practical machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is rather bad, not well rehearsed and hastily delivered. Especially in comparison with other, in-depth course of this Specialization. The course is more of a 'caret' package review then actual Machine Learning. I learned how to use theThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not what I expected for a machine learning courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Gosh I hated hated hated this course. Nothing to learn here. You will just be given lots of names with no explanation whatsoever.I often felt really angry at the teacher because of the way he would introduce entire prediction models without explaining anything about them. Also, I really didn't like the fact that the course is centered on caret, a "shortcut" package to do stuff fast. Before doing things fast I need to know what I am doing! Finally, the quizzes and assignments are completely disconnected from the courses.The worst course I have ever taken on coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a part of the data specialization; from afar, I would not be interested in Machine Learning because of this course. I will seek other methods to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
needs more case studies and examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too general no depth, not recommended for science or engineering degree holdersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To be honest I don't think this is worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I saw two main issues with this course: 1) dated lecture videos, oftentimes with R code that can't be replicated using up-to-date packages, and 2) lack of thoughtful design: example after example after example after example doesn't really teach you anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Felt difficult in understanding the overall course in short duration . 1 month is not enough for this course. I request the authors to make the course much more simplerThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little depth. I don't recommend this if you don't already have background in statistics or R. I really didn't learn anything. I mostly just gamed the quizzes and projects.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course content feels upside down. You'll learn about machine algorithm specifics and caveats before anyone explains what the said algorithm actually hopes to achieve.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material is very high level. No ppt's are given, so all links presented in the video's cannot be viewed.Quizzes are based upon old packages, so incorrect answers are provided.No replies at discussion board from TA"s or instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The mathematics in this course are at a high level (similar to Statistical Inference) - and are presented at a pace that is challenging without significant background in the field. There is little guidance presented on the methods required. It is recommended that students source out plenty of support material (intro to statistical inference and similar).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cannot take the exam, I have to pay... wtf... I will probably pay at the end, but I want to take the class first. Without certificate I cannot prove I took the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Absolutely useless random un-explained list of facts and advices that is thrown to a learner without any attempt to give a systematic approach. Pure waste of time and effort. Can only be suitable to those, who already know the subject well and can use some additional facts that are randomly presented in this "course".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructions for the final project were very unclear and even though I submitted all assignments well before their respective deadlines and reviewed the required number of projects my work was not processed for a grade thereby delaying my specialization completion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Project description versus requirements were terrible, not sure if the new Coursera format played a role in the issues or not. Quite a few of the homework items require guessing as the answers don't align to the results of the latest tools they have you use. If the first class or three in the series was like this I wouldn't have taken the courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is too high level for a machine learning course. You don't exactly learn a lot about the techniques just how to use them and name them out if you're having a conversation with a person. My least favorite course in the seriesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Had big expectations for this one... really one of the ones to look forward to after working through the beginning of the specialization, but for some reason, it seemed any prof or even TA interaction was absent this time around like in none of the other specialization coursed to date. Bugs in the new interface and quizzes weren't really addressed. Couldn't even get an official response about the apparent removal of Distinction-level now (which I'd been working to get in all specialization courses and now seems no longer an option). Still interesting content. As a "free" course, it's still really valuable. As one of the people that paid for this and all others in this specialization, this is the one I felt didn't return as much value to justify the payment with no "official" course staff seeming to be involved this round.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
incomplete and not clear. extremely disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor compared with some of the others on this specialisation. The lectures are too fast and high level, with no allowance given for people who are unfamiliar with this area and attempting to learn it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much surface, not enough depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Does not give much intuition around the subject. I found the lectures a bit uninspiring. Lots of powerpoint (just text, no images or visuals really) and the lecturer just underlined the words he was talking about as he read the powerpoint out. I found the Udacity Intro to Machine Learning course gave a much better intuition and understanding of this subject. We also had slides on how to split data into a training and testing set on pretty much EVERY lecture - what a waste of time!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
lecture can be really unclear sometimes because lecturer breezes through the actual implementation of training/predicting: "use x, y, and z [underlines some stuff on screen]" and you're doneAlso lots of mistakes/typos in lecture and quizzesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Slightly better than the Statistical Inference course, but many of the same technical and delivery defects persist. With an otherwise high quality program, I recommend re-producing the inference and regression lectures to increase the overall value of the curriculum.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To fast pace and missing lot of content to make this lesson enjoyable!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth it for the bucks.Instructor has tried his best to make no sense of the subject.I would be happy for a refund.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course failed greatly to balance the workload by week. The third week which I think was the most important one have too many information to learn and assimilate whereas the first two weeks could be rearranged to start multivariate regression earlier. Another proof of week 3 issue: the related swirl exercises start in week2 (2 of them) and finish in week4 (2 more exercises) !!!!!I think one of the most important expertise and knowledge that a data scientist must know and master was unfairly squeezed in one week leaving no time for the learner/student to do more search/exercises on the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I again found many of the lectures to be difficult to follow along, there seems to be lots of different styles of videos in the way that the person was superimposed on the slides. In fact it was often impossible to read the text in the slide due to the size of the presenters head which obscured the text. Honestly this data science course is getting worse as the months progress, you really should think of updating the content of the course if you want to continue to charge money for it. 2 stars as I did actually learn something despite the quality of the material and its delivery.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was really disappointed with this course. I took the other courses from Brian Caffo and truly enjoyed them. For the previous courses, I've always used the books and they helped me tremendously to be able to comprehend the material. There is a book for Regression Models but but it's a real mess. It feels like a draft that no one cared to take a second look. There is a bunch of wrong code and typos. The explanation doesn't go as far as it should. I had to resort to many different sources just to be able to get by the course. I hope the instructors review this course soon because it does not have the same quality as others. If they don't review it, don't bother paying for it. Try learning Regression Models elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
With all respect, Professor, if you are reading all our comments, I think you are a really smart person and you should take all the negative feedback from your students here, positively and constructively. As having good knowledge will never be equals to able to produce good students. Personally, I feel that you should lower down yourself and speak to the level of your students/audience. Use more simple examples, draw a big picture in our minds on what is this course all about, what are we going to achieve, in each of the topics, what are we going to look at and what methods available.For foundation class like this, I think few simple examples and introducing one or two useful methods in each topic would be more than sufficient to us. The objective should be providing us with the basic knowledge, get us interested in this subject, and able to apply those well taught basic knowledge. As when we are interested, for sure we will go and do more research, and some might even would like to move on to intermediate or advance levels.The key point here is "speak to the level of your audience". Even if you are able to talk everything above the sky and up to the moon. If no one able to understand you, it is useless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is essentially just a review of formulas with very little intuition explained to the beginner. It was necessary to use a collection of outside material from other courses and readings to learn the concepts. This course needs to be completely redone with a focus on developing a student's intuition for the material and then support this intuition with basic examples that build as the course progresses. A fundamental demonstration of how to use R to work through regression models (starting from square one) should be added so that this becomes a self-contained course. As it currently stands it is a collection of poorly integrated slides and concepts that serve to confuse the student more than educate. Other classes teach this material infinitely better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult, fast peaced and not well explained. Requires a lot of work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video lectures are really boring and uselessThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To be honest I don't think this is worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content and quizz are not aligned.Mentors answer to 0% of the forum posts.Poor student community.Do not pay for this course, just follow the swirl and/or get some tuto about regressions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Should cover a lot of dfificuties when the model assumptions are violated and should be for a longer time or having a second course about this theme.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor doesn't explain clearly as part of the videos is his correcting himself or saying the same thing two or three times. And why must the videos show the teacher? It distracts from the slides and seeing him move doesn't help understand anything betterConcepts like VIF or hat values are not very well explained by the teacher, at least the SWIRL lesson explains it correctly. ANOVA and ANCOVA are mentioned in the description but they aren't explained anywhere. ANOVA is used without any explanation of what it is.I found myself searching online for other sources to understand the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some topics that are important, are obviatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coursera keeps changing my rating. Not cool.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little depth. I don't recommend this if you don't already have background in statistics or R. I really didn't learn anything. I mostly just gamed the quizzes and projects.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is the first one in the Data Science series to lapse in terms of the clarity of the lectures, and the sense of cohesiveness of the material. Brian Caffo's lectures in Statistical Inference were good; in this course they seem to veer left and right rather than get straight to the essence of whatever subject he is lecturing about.A more structured final project would have been helpful. The instructions on this project weren't quite so blunt as to say "Take this data set, do some regression-y stuff and come back with something about these two variables," but that's basically as far as our instructions went. It could have been a great learning experience to have a more detailed guide through the construction of a regression analysis, but instead an assignment which was 40% of our grade was put together as an afterthought. It was the assignment equivalent of stopping in the 7-11 a block away from a birthday party to buy a card.Also, in terms of delivering the content: Mr. Caffo needs to structure his slide/video arrangements so that he is not standing in front of the text. Think of it from the point of view of somebody wanting to listen and read at the same time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is not good and doesn't explain things clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very difficult. Needs homework problems guided by videos like Statistical Inference coarse to make easier.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overall okay course but the lectures are too focused on theory with some applications to the real world. I think this course needs to be reconfigured and taught from an applied focus instead of 30% applied 70% theory.Also the new format is horrible and TAs are nonexistent as are discussions in general on the forums now. The TAs were a critical learning component before especially considering that unlike on EdX where course staff actually participates in the forums, on Coursera I do not think I have ever observed course staff actively participating in the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed, executed and instructed. Too much is left off the materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
way to much emphasis on non-data science. This one course covers more information that the rest of the courses combined..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I just realized that you have to upgrade(pay $49) in order to submit the quiz and receive the feedback. That's depressing since my purpose is to watch the video and check out what I learned so far without getting any certificate. The policy here bring huge inconvenience for people like me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Appears more like a revision for those who already know the content than geared towards those new to the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not organised so well concerning grading process.....there is a lot of mistakes in the criteria of grading ....also the material is not so good ....I learn nothing new ...... the worst course i took in coursera Actually so no stars goes to this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teaching behaviourism in 2017 is scandalous.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although I have passion with film, the quizzes seems to have lots of technical problems. I dropped out right on the first moduleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a lousy course.The subject and material could be interesting; however, the lectures are inanimate and the quizzes are a Rubic's cubes of sudden death with no value to assess whether you've understood the key points of the lectures!While this course was a timed release (implying someone at the U of Copenhagen is involved with it week to week, it feels as if it is an archived course with no live administration; the only interaction you seem to have is with other students.This has got to be the worst Coursera course I have taken and I have taken quite a few.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teaching style of teachers is very dry and boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Short overview of history without much of a value.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you want to memorize what year countries started their public broadcast systems, this is the course for you.It only briefly discusses critical paradigm shifts and shows. The course lacks a critical analysis element and the video lectures are unstructured. It would be almost impossible to pick three key points they want you to learn from each video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are a very brief overview of topics, with nothing actually taught. The quizzes are entirely disconnected from the lectures and require basically just finding and reading the right wikipedia pages. This course is an absolute joke and an embarrassment to UPenn, Coursera, and everyone involved. It's clear that the instructors don't care about student's actually learning anything. Compare this to the "Underactuated Robotics" course on EdX.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Vague content, quiz and programming assignments not exactly related to video lecture content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If you love to see a couple of entertaining movies about robots and some interesting concepts about them, grab some popcorn and take this course, because, hey, it’s about cool robots!!If you are crazy enough and actually want to learn something new or even consider to get the certificate, I would not recommend to participate in this course. The videos are quite ok and cover a good part of what I think this course should be about. But there are a bunch of quizzes, which are sometimes quite off the lecture material and you have to research a lot to get all of the questions right. I managed to solve all quizzes in the end, but it was some kind of a frustrating and discouraging process.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the best course of the serie. It is a pity because I had great expectation in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is the worst one in this specialization. The notations are ambiguous and the quizzes are poorly designed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel that the lecture material lacks proper explanation of the key concepts but the questions in quizzes are good although the lectures should have been more conceptual rather than theoreticalThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material in the quizzes is not adequately described in the lectures or notes. Some of the quizzes require 100% to complete with some problems being quite difficult. Most importantly, I do not believe the course leaves behind an effective understanding of the material that would allow you to apply it. I thought the aerial course was much better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course, was really bad structured, was often the discrepancy between the information provided in the videos and the questions in the Quiz. Also a lot of time the system was very picky to take an answer like correct, just because the format used, for example e!=E in one equation, and because this was necessary a lot of guessing in order to find how the system take the answer by correct.But really the worst was the discrepancy between the video and the quiz, because my impression is that the videos were cut to fix in the time, but they were cut a lot, missing important information to be used in the quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the worst course online I've done so far. I would not recommend it to anyone as it stands, regardless of the student's background, this course is just poor and lacking.The premise of this course is a promising one, the topic is still in its infancy and seems very interesting. Having said that, this is about everything positive that I can say about this course.For starters, the videos seem good at first, but later it becomes very superficial and monotone. The content is many times just rushed through and it's visible that the lecturers at several occasions have difficulty even to read their own slides!However, the worst part of the course are the quizzes. There are 24 graded quizzes in total, to pass the course you need to pass all 24 of them! To make matters worse, the minimum passing marks for each quiz is 80%, that wouldn't have been such an issue if most quizzes had 5 or more questions, which is not the case, most of the quizzes have 4 or less questions. This is such an unreasonable requirement, if you miss only one question in a quiz with 3 questions there's already no chance to pass the course!The content of each quiz is also very troublesome, we are essentially being graded for trivia, a considerable number of the questions are very superficially related to not related at all to the subject of each lecture. Instead of using the questions to delve deeper into the topic at hand, they only create confusion with futilities. A little example, the topic of a subject was about the mechanical properties of using multiple templates and a question in its quiz was about an electric circuit that is never shown in the question itself, only briefly shown in the lecture video for about 10s, minimal information is given without any explanation of what they mean and we are asked to enter a formula as the answer for which also almost no information is given about which notation we should use for the formula itself.There are other cases where there are multiple choice questions which have incorrect answers accepted by the grader. In one instance, two of the options available are contradictory to each other, however the accepted answer was the one involving both. In another instance, there was more than one solution available to an answer, however the grader accepted only one and there was no information in the question itself to narrow down the possible answers to the desired one.Finally, there is no active community by the TA and professors, I have never had a single answer form a TA or professor, only sporadical replies from a mentor, who has no authority to fix any issue by him or herself.All these issues just point to how poorly this course was designed. It had such high hopes, but they fell short flat. In doing this course, I found myself reverse engineering most of the questions just to try to find an accepted answer and try to understand what it meant. The imposed 8-hour period between attempts at the quizzes only hindered my progress. I was focused and engaged in studying for each quiz, however, after 3 failed attempts I had an imposed break period that makes little sense. In the end, this course only made me feel like the very object of my learning: a robot.I am really disappointed with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Loads of room for improvementThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course covers very interesting topics, but there are some serious shortcomings in the lectures. Too much information is just omitted or taken for granted. Some of the lecturers are rather inexperienced. Reading or reciting mathematical expressions in a monotonous voice without actually pointing to the visual representation of the lecture material makes it very difficult to follow. Better care should also be taken with the quizzes - if one looks at the comments or questions posted by some learners, it is clear that we simply don't understand the question, or a question is answered correctly in essence , but the quizz expected more (or less) precision without stating so . Finally for some reason the support from Technical Advisors was also lacking in the specific session that I did, contributing to my frustration and rather negative experience of what could be a very good courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly designed course which tests people on things that are not taught.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Despite the arguments of this module are extremely interesting and very useful for Robotics, I think the way they are treated is very poor.In my opinion lectures are so superficial that it is almost a waste of time to follow them.Lectures are completely useless and most of the time quizzes are note related with them.In order to solve quizzes you have not only to recover prior knowledge, that it is obvious, but also to search for new arguments somwhere in the web, in some other courses where contents are better treated and explained. In that contest what are the quizzes, what should quizzes have to test if no content is given?Moreover it often happen that without a clear support from the lectures, questions are confused and ambiguous. It is quite difficult to follow the teaching path and to enrich my knowledge.I think it is a very bad way to make a course and often the pleasure to follow disappears leaving a sense of frustration and futility.I arrived at the end of the course just because I'm doing the specialization otherwise I would have left in the middle of the first week.I'm very disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this was a poorly structured online course. Especially for someone who is attempting this course having experienced two excellent previous courses in the specialization. It was good only in few patches but the link was seriously missing. I realize this area is a bit more advanced but with all due respect to the knowledgeable instructors, they could have emphasised more on basic building blocks rather than cramming in so much information which my bandwith couldn't handle it. I did guesswork in almost all the quizzes after week 2 which further adds to my disappointment.I think the Robotics specialization is better off without this course because there is little or no value addition here. Expecting a lot better from the next course in the series.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In some ways good, but deeply flawed. The assignments were weakly correlated with the lectures, and no explanation was given for correct answers or for incorrect answers.I believe the authors would have benefited greatly from getting outside feedback from an advanced undergraduate or beginning graduate student, rather than each other.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a disappointment after the previous two courses in the specialisation. It tries to cover too many topics. As a result it provides a shallow introduction to many topics rather than deep coverage of any one topic. I do not feel I have learnt anything of substance.Many of the assignment questions are poorly written. To name one example, assignment 3.1.1 question 3 has at least three correct answers, but the grader accepts only one of them. I wasted hours trying to work out why it was marking my answer wrong.The lectures by the TAs are delivered in a "robotic" tone if you'll pardon the pun. They are reading off an autocue and it shows.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course has a lot of interesting material, but I believe that a few points may be improved:1) Exercises with Matlab are not programming ones (except for the PD controller). In my opinion, more detailed exercises (with a guide for solving them) would help to understand better the concepts behind the theory. For example, programming a rimless wheel or a SLIP template.2) The course has a strong emphasis in theory. Some of the lectures were boring an difficult to follow. As I said before, a more practical approach would be more rewarding.3) Quizzes were sometimes based on intuition, or topics outside of the course, rather than topics learned from the lessons.On the other side, the TAs were highly involved in the course. In addition, an extensive list of additional resources (books, papers) is a plus.I believe that the following sessions will be better than the first one!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is not well done as the previous courses. The quizzes usually do not concern the topic of the lessons or better, the lessons do not help in anyway to solve the problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quiz do not relate to the lectures....a lot of thinks need to be explore in documents outside of the course and the knowledge of the student has to be higher. Not a course for not engineering background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, this specific course lacks in-depth information and problems and exercises in order to get an individual to explore the wide subject, that is, statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I suggest to include more and clearer examples to solve problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't like trying to hammer in recommended activities into my lessons, would be better to create new material and use that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Definitely a very light course designed for beginners and to promote the Leiden's 3 Years International Studies Program in Safety and Security! Somewhat very disappointing to me! Useful to note the not so realistic 3 peer-reviews awaited in that course... Two of 1000 words and one of 350-550 words! Totally unbalanced!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course lacks wider and real socio-political context of the XIX and XX century Central and Eastern Europe. Additionally, it is full of statements that are not supported by the historical facts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The scope of the course is interesting, the objective is ambitious and the structure is fine, but the contents and quizzes are very often off-point. A specialist should go critically through the scripts and make a thorough review of the contents. Affirmations are most times not justified at all ("incremental prototyping will yield a feature-rich and robust software"). The quizzes some times ask about things which have nothing to do with what was explained before. The contents about SCRUM are presented eight times partially through the introduction and here. I know it takes a lot of time to prepare this material, but clearly that last effort for quality was not done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lecture presentation is very very robotic. It's hard to follow the lecture without proper diagrams or examples.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecture just reads books.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been more practice than theory.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was too bad to not permit the students to perform the quizzes! Only if we pay for them! I thought the payment was for the certificate!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was like someone is reading a book for you. there was no need to watch videos. It wasn't even helping your memory. Just 2 instructor standing still in front of camera and reading from a file in flat voice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very bad, useless course. Just listing the names of the methods and practices.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mapping of software product manager to scrum master is IMHO not correct. Some misunderstanding by introduction of scrum (e.g. customer is not a part of the scrum team).Preparing of a part of an university course by a bachelor of computer science....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teaching process is very elusive and subtle. The explanations in this course are very unclear and tricky, even some of them are omitted, which makes this course very hard to understand.This course seriously lacks of logic. It's more like a heap of formulas thrown together and what the teacher do in this course is just to read them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Visuals were not great. Content was a bit irrelevantThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The "Soul Beliefs" course seems to try presenting things in an unbiased manner yet they cannot hide their bias. If the intention was to hold up various beliefs in the past then try to shoot them down, they partially succeeded. Most rational believers however could still hold onto their beliefs because the arguments were very weak.A better title for the course would be "why there is no soul". That way going in a student would realize that there actually was a hidden agenda.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
just begun, but so far so good. I will update the stars as the weeks progress!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unorganized and not very useful. The main goal of the course is for you to use Stack Overflow.....SAVE YOURSELF $The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor course, badly taught and terrible value for money. The lessons are brief beyond any form of reasonableness, the teacher seems completely unconnected with his students. There is no detail at all and no logical progression. I took and passed this course with a view to doing the specialisation but I'm not going to waste any more money on University of Michigan courses. I've found similar courses on other platforms which cover the same material. The assignments were awful, in some cases they covered material to be presented the following week, in others the questions were wrongly stated and did not match the output from the machine grading. The machine grading itself gave you no clue as to where you went wrong. I'm not talking about the odd question here or there, I'm talking about consistently throughout every assignment. I don't normally, in fact ever, leave bad reviews, I usually just chalk it up to experience and move on but in this case, the course was so bad, I had to say something. I've done two other courses on Coursera with Rice University and the difference to this course is huge, while I would wholeheartedly recommend the Rice Intro to Python courses, Don't do this course, it is not coherently presented or graded. The mentors in the forum tried their best but even they had to admit the grading system was riddled with errors. Absolute rubbish, avoid and spend your money elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dreadful course. Instructors saw no value in presenting elements of course that would help learners complete the assignments; rather you are sent off to teach yourself about uncovered techniques needed to complete the assignments. From some of the posts from previous students on GitHub, they resorted to deriving the answer from another means (Excel?) and simply providing the answer as a constant value, in order to receive credit for particular questions. Not exactly sterling knowledge transfer, from instructor to student! This course should be presented as a challenge course to people that have already learned Python Pandas from some other venue. (BTW, Pandas documentation is also dreadful, as of this writing.) This is definitely not the way to learn Python for Data Science if you are a busy professional software engineer. (Wish I had a good recommendation as an alternative.)The only positive aspect of this course is the challenge to work with defined datasets, to complete specific tasks, during week 3. (This was as much time as I could afford to allocate to this course.)From a 40+ year software engineer, with doctorate in CS, a part-time instructor at a private university, with a very challenging technology job in a multi-national corporation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is a great course in terms of the knowledge and experience of the instructor and the helpfulness of the staff. I gave it 2 stars for two reasons.1) The videos are deceptively short. In MOOC instructional design, you normally design short videos because the attention span of an online learner is tends to be much shorter than an in-person university student. However, in this course, even though the video is short, it is really 5-10 times longer because they speed over the equations and teaching so fast that you have to pause and replay and rewind and replay several times while trying it yourself. So the timings are not truly accurate. If you were actually teaching it in a classroom with actual students you would go much more slowly. In this case, I wish they were more honest with the times by actually typing the code in real time while teaching. I would have preferred a lecture to make it more digestible.2) The hardest thing for me about the course was the fact that instead of practicing computational thinking within data science (decomposition, algorithmic thinking, etc.), I was really just searching on stack overflow for how to put it into python. It's poor instructional design to only teach somethings and expect students to complete assignments without giving them all the tools they will use in the assignment. It would be ok if it were an accidental mistake, but this seems to be purposeful. This happened not just in course assignments but sometimes even in mid-roll video-overlaid quizzes where the answer was something not explained or taught or shown. This was really strange to me and caused a huge amount of time to be spent searching online or trying mid-lecture problems to no avail. It cause all the timings of the course to be off (#1 caused the video timings to be severely off and #2 meant that the course assignment estimates were HUGELY miscalculated). Good instructional design would mean that the professor should show all the tools one could use to faithfully complete and achieve the assignment. For some reason that was avoided again and again in this course.Great material though. I loved learning. I just wish it were better structured and supported and that I learned more about the work rather than just searching online for how to write something.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Thanks for the course. A few things that can be improved:1- The video material was very short. I expected same amount of teaching like homework, but it's more like 30 minutes versus 7 hours every week. As a result it's mostly googling and copy-pasting code, which I'm very sceptical if solving issues this way will enter my long-term memory. Probably next time I will need to look it up again. I'd prefer if the videos were the source of knowledge instead of stack overflow and the forum.2 - As an experienced programmer but being new to Python I found it difficult to load the data. I was not aware that the files are available on the server and can just be loaded by read_csv(filename.csv). Instead I tried to load the files from my local drive, which worked, but not for the grader. Then I tried to submit it offline which also failed. I wasted half a day on this. I suggest to mention quickly how the online and offline assignments work, in particular in how to load data.3 - The feedback from the grader is usually not telling much. It was often unclear to me what was the expected outcome. I think a screenshot of the expected answer for the more advanced questions (first few rows+columns) would help a lot and save us a lot of suffering.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unclear assignments, lectures are brief and sometimes unclear. Spent more time trying to understand what was being asked than actually learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really disappointed with this course to the point I'm quiting -in spite of having paid for the grade-. It reminded me of my days at the university where I found being a great scientist/engineer didn't mean you were a great teacher. And this is the real problem, even things that should be easy to grasp are difficult to understand -just the opposite of prof. Bill Boyd who makes learning a joy-. Because of this I would only recommend this course if you already have an intermediate level in Python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a joke. Contents is very very poor. And you will have a lot of problems making the Assigments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor gives minimal examples and says "go look on stack overflow". Then he proceeds to assign problems that don't really cover what the slides, lectures, or examples were on. If I all I was trying to do was just read some docs and look on stack overflow I wouldn't need to take this course now would I?Poorly translated and cryptic instructions for assembling furniture are better than what you get here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Doesn't provide resources to complete assignments.Telling students to "go to Stack Overflow" is a serious red flag.Independent learning is an incredibly valuable process, but this course felt more like a series of challenge assignments to do once you've learned Pandas on your own from another source.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Need clearer examples and explanations. Slides summing up concepts or used functions will be great.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would recommend the coursera online training session need more improvement. Please look at this youtube video. this will give you some fair idea what do i mean.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V0AWyzVMf54During the session speaker need to be visible on top corner and they need to present with more examples during learning this will help and learn fast.I struggled a bit following your videos going back-and-forth with the given materials.I also struggled solving the assignment due to confusing questions. Not much clear what is required to solve the problem. it would be helpful to provide some hints for each assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignment 3 was absolutely ridiculous in the sense that the implementation of pandas functions depended on data cleaning in the first step for which there was no help . No response from peers or moderators on my queries. Had high hopes when I joined the course. I feel cheated now. Because of some issues with the data cleaning step, all my following answers were incorrect and I couldn't pass the course in time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
"Course" is very self-directed. There are very few exercises, and there is minimal feedback on those exercises. No attempt is made to reinforce learned knowledge over time (e.g. spaced repetition) nor is there any definitive list for what knowledge should be gleaned from this course. Emphasis is placed on the student's teaching themselves and learning through experience with no attempt to actually understand the learning process or rest the course design on a scientific basis. Standard filler course for an empty education system.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Overall, this course is tough for me. In my opinion, the course title is not suitable, which is "introduction". The word "introduction" generally means something basic and fundamental. However, the level programming assignments in this course is between slightly medium and very hard.Furthermore, the assignment instructions are not clear enough, i.e. what steps need to be followed to complete each question. So, it needs time for me to find the way or solution in the discussion forum. I know in each week forum, there is one discussion specifically for assignment (i.e. Assignment X Tips), which is good. But, I think the forum is not a good place, since we have to find it meticulously the information and what we want to find is spread out, not in an easy to follow order.Moreover, I do not think the lectures and the assignments are well synchronized as there are many things in assignments that are outside from the lectures. I mean, it is "too many" new things in the assignment. Although it is a great way for the students to search and enhance their skills by themselves, in general, the assignments should at least reflect the lectures.Lastly, in my humble opinion, this course is not appropriate for someone who is new to programming and has not been familiar or mastered any programming languages, though the title is "introduction".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
please provide the complete 5 unit details . I could see only this unit is open for past many months. I paid for all 5 unit money already and not in a position revert back and get the money. Could you please help me out to understand when this courses will be available if not in near future , why are they taken money before the course is not ready to us. Quite disappointing experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much focus on databases and database operations, rather than data science.The assignments are too difficult for a 4 week course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course lectures were subpar and didn't cover the material in the assignments. Googling for answers and checking stackoverflow for code is a great way to get tips, but it doesn't teach you the core material. I would have rather had links to supplemental readings that the materials were based on. I would not recommend this course as an introduction course unless you've had significant experience with Python data structures and know how to work with lists, dataframes, and iterate over those.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Two stars because I have found poor explanations of assignments. I finished the course without being very clear what I was asked, and I lacked more feedback when one of the tasks is wrong. The teacher and the videos are very good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Looks like it's prealpha version of what it might be.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While this was one of the better courses I've done on Coursera, the start date of the course was changed without any indication of when it would begin. We've also been waiting months for the next course in the specialisation to begin, again without any communication. This was a good course, but I would recommend people wait until all the rest of the courses are available before starting this course and beginning the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the material is undoubtedly useful, te structure of the assessments is not very helpful. For example, in week 3 we are asked to create data frames from input files: these are presented in descending order of complexity for cleanup. Furthermore, the points for most of the questions are 6.66, despite what are very different demands fore each part. In the final week, the dictionary of state names is counterproductive in answering part one (some state names are region names) and one can either get 100% or one fails the course (as one question is worth 50% of the grade.)Some of the autograder feedback is so terse as to be downright infuriating. Add to that frequent issues with the notebook crashing and much of this coursework was an exercise in unnecessary frustration rather than increasing enlightenment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very tough to catch up.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I felt like the test-candidate for a new course. While the course-work and the presentations itsself were excellent, the "homework" was a real pain as very often the Auto-grader didn't work and it took me hours to get a project which was correct, to be accepted as the right solution. Cannot recommend it to be honest unless they improve their systems. Also it was said that the other course specialization start soon but it seems they don't and I paid for the full package....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos are fast-paced, material is limited (no real slides or extensive doc). Exercises are sometimes not clear in their statement. Activity on the forum compensates that. Exercises are however close to challenges you face in real life. Finally, the start date was delayed and there is no clear visibility on when the other modules are started. So, the course could be better given, provide more material and be better coordinated. I followed one Python course at Rice University which was by far better given.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignments were tough and they really tested your knowledge of python. That being said, the lectures were absolutely useless. I spent 90% of my time trying to figure out python through stack overflow. The jupyter platform is also very frustrating. For whatever reason, error messages kept coming up as I was trying to complete the assignments. At one point, I lost all my work because of this error.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is actually very good, I can feel the content creator and staffs emphasis on real world problems. Projects and Assignments are quite useful, and I can expect to use skills I acquired in my day to day work. However, the most agonizing parts of this course is it requires tremendous of time to do self-study. I spend tons of time on google search, reading docs and go over other people's post on various forums in order to find the right way(sometimes optimal way) to finish the assignments. I understand and accept that self-study is very import to master things nowadays, but I really think gap is too big between what was taught in class and what you need to complete this course, especially for people that has zero data science programming experience like me.I'd rather spend time watching 2 more hours of teaching videos per week that can cover more aspects/topics/tips/tricks than go over lots of docs and posts. I won't deny I learned a lot through this course, but I believe my learning curve can be flatten significantly if there is more class materials available. If the majority of course is spent on googling, what's the point to take it?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am an engineer and I use matlab and stata for data analysis and currently taking Machine Learning course by Stanford which is fabulous. I did not like this course for the following reasons:1- bad course design structure2- so confusing and inappropriate sequence3- super fast without providing any intuition4- no fundamental explanation5- course could be longer and spend enough time in each subjectThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Many bugs, lecture content does not cover topics required to complete the assignments, assignment instructions are not written in a clear way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Positive aspects:Readings were relevant and interesting.I learned a lot.I was challenged.Negative aspects:Programming assignments took SIGNIFICANTLY longer than suggested (I have 20+ years of programming experience and am fluent in 3 programming languages, but I'm new to Python).Course did not provide enough support to learners. You're on your own to learn the material and you won't get timely responses (if any) from the staff. I asked clarifying questions about lecture material on the Discussion Forums and got no response (twice).Several concepts were not taught with appropriate detail / explanation. For example, there was no instruction on how to read error messages in Python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
instructor is too fast, video lectures are not enough and assignment questions are not clear which wastes much time just to understand the questionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
unclear and poorly thought outThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures and explanations need more clarity and better instruction quality. The assignment questions were often nebulous. This resulted in lots of time wasted with the grader. The discussion forums were the best part of this class. I'd encourage the course instructors to take a look at the University of Washington's Machine Learning class. Stylistically, pedagogically and content-wise - that's a much, much better Data Science class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible course. Assignments are extremely buggy and often touches on things not even explained in the lectures. Mentors are not active. Explanations are sketchy and not well paced. Do this course only for the examples in the Jupyter notebook.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lessons were ok but the assignments were really frustrating, not because of the questions itself but because the questions were organised badly or were really vague and confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course gives practice in Python, but programming assignments were loaded with "busy work" that added little value and often had only loose ties to the material discussed in class. While this forces more independent learning, it also makes it so that this course isn't really much better than free online tutorials. I found myself learning almost everything for the programming assignments from the pandas package documentation and from Google searches that led to stackoverflow. For an instructor from the University of Michigan whose bio says "I work with colleagues to design tools to better the teaching and learning experience in higher education," I was expecting a lot more value for the time spent in this class. I suspect that this course is being used to provide data for furthering his own research. It's often more difficult to maximize value to customers when personal incentives may not be perfectly aligned with customer (student) objectives.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was quite disappointed by the almost total inaccessibility of the staff in the discussion forums, the unconquerability of the autograder for most of the assignments (losing points for no discernible reason, with all resources exhausted), the lack of a stats module for the specialization, and the lack of education, really. There is value in asking students to learn on their own, but this course goes much too far with that, giving problem sets that are virtually unsolvable without prior experience in data wrangling in R or some other data language. This leaves serious, hardworking students with little choice but to troll the forums for solutions. Hardly the best way to learn the intricacies of this subject.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Well, first thing I am going to say this is not going to be looking good, however correct me if I got anything wrong or being unfair.To be honest, I am very frustrated with this course! It is a very good topic that I am very interested and that's the reason I am enrolled , but the support and the structure of it is very disappointing!Example like this(https://www.coursera.org/learn/python-data-analysis/discussions/weeks/3/threads/0kwIpLJDEeawPhIF4bjuNg), question is not even specified and waste me so much time looking for the requirement and post discussion board and wait hopefully somebody is going to reply!Same for the ScimEn file , which again the file name was not specified in the question!From last secession, assignment two have lots of confusing around what exactly the question is asking about and again lots of time being wasted just to figure out the question!The support is poor as well, not like other course , I would usually get a answer within the same day , but this one is really when you are lucky! Plus the staff rarely response!In short, I hope the staff of the course would see this. This is a good topic but the course are poorly designed with very limited support!I mean if you are truly love the topic , you should pass on the passion to your students and design the course that students not only learn the material in the course but also can know how to ask questions and find out the questions themselves ,but first like learning any skills students needs to ask lots of questions ! I am not going to mention that ,coz even the question in the course is full of error !!Unless, the whole purpose is to make some money , then it make sense , however if it is that case , I am not going to enrol in this course any more.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good material, let down by instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class was a helpful intro to pandas. But it was not as much a class as it was a series of homework assignments and the student painstakingly looking things up on stackoverflow. In the end, i am positive I got the correct answers using a horrible coding method and will never see the correct solutions. There should be a little bit more handholding in order for the student to learn the concepts. Otherwise, I might just throw a class up on coursera, give the link to docs.python.org, tell the students to read it and then they will be experts at python.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course teaches Python Pandas in a very practical way and I'm sure now having learnt it I'll use the skill. But this course wasn't taught well. Weekly assignments asked questions about skills that had not been taught yet. The course coordinators didn't respond or help in the forums, The topic area deserves more in depth video lectures and discussion. All the above basically means that passing the weekly assignments takes longer than you may assume. Had the course been taught and tested more effectively then doing the weekly assignments would less frustrating and time consuming.Basically the course is good, but it requires much more work and research because of the poor way its caught and monitored by staff.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are insufficient, the homework instructions are incorrect, the autograder is terrible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is in fact the worst course so far. Mainly because of auto grader. Here are my reasons.Actually I did not complete the course at all. But I suddenly got a message saying that I have completed the course. I was working on the first problem of the 4th assignment. I did a provisional submission to see if my answer was right. Auto grader reported the grade for the 3rd assignment and said that I have passed the course. Any submission I did after that was not graded at all.The assignments are not very clear. Looks like I had a older version of the questions while others had a different version. I was stuck in a particular problem because auto grader did not give me a clear feedback as to why I was incorrect. I wasted too much time on this already.The assignments require too much research outside what is covered in the videos. I don't feel that is right. The assignment requires that we research on Stack Overflow and Pandas documentation. I strongly feel that such activities should be performed only outside the course work when we try to solve real world problems. Course assignments should be reasonably given based only the materials covered in video. This was taking too much time.TThe discussion forums are not giving clear hints. When we are stuck in a problem, we are not able to proceed further. I still son't know the answers for certain problems because the coordinators do not explain the answers well. When we complete assignments we don't get to see the instructor's solution.The video instructions were too fast paced. The instructors do not pause and explain critical aspects of the code.Overall I am very disappointed with this course. There are much better videos on Youtube and Lynda than this . I am sorry. I never thought it would be this bad. The first course on Python from University of Michigan was really very good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The jupyter notebook made this a horrid experience. Plus Coursera really doesn't want you to bother them with your silly questions, relying on peer-forums. If you scroll through the week's discussion forums, many student posts go ignored.You can't drop the course past the second (I guess) week so the system will keep on keeping on long after you've given up on trying to figure out the janky notebook thing.Will not return to Coursera for any reason. Breathtakingly bad experience.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very knowledgeable professors, but very little explanation or actual 'teaching'. Graded assignments require a lot of self-education.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No or least support.Course Quality is great but problems with grader will left you with wasting your expensive time.Assignments are good but intend to go wayyy more beyond the scope and to learn from online materials though other sites.Grading system is not easy. You have the right answer but you'll need to waist hours to produce specific string for your grader to be satisfied.This i not an elegant learning process at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Total disaster. I payed 315euro for this course. Course started on 24/10/2016. I faced with technical difficulties till this weekend. I reported this problem already many times.. Finally this weekend the Jupiter notebook worked and I started the first assignment. I spent many hours but still couldn't get solve the assignment. I read discussions, write post.. Searched on Google.. Read lots of document. I still couldn't get what the correct answer is the assignment wants. I realized that it is impossible to pass this exam. In the lectures they don't mention anything which will help you to solve this time consuming assignment by the way.. After having this terrible course experience this weekend, today (14/11/2016) I decided to apply for refund. But guess what I says 14 days have passed so I cannot get refund!!!! Now I payyed 315 euro for nothing but disappointment!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course materials and the assignment itself is pretty good, but the grader is buggy, not informative and wasted a lot of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
besides the major technical issues and lack of information before the postponed start of the course and minor technical issues, the way of teaching is well adapted to on-site classes where you can sit in study groups solving the problems together; the given examples have partly little relevance and do not help to solve the assignments and according to the staff the best way to solve assignments is by using google (or stackoverflow or whatever) - really?! somehow it seems they just took an on-site course, played with some fancy technical solutions and call it now a MOOC... they seem not really aware of the fact that on-site teaching and MOOCs require completely different types of pedagogic methodsamazing how the same university can offer both the best MOOC (Dr. Chuck's) and one of the worst (this one)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is good but instructor is very bad..... Not providing good course lectures and materials... The lecture is very fast and not covering all the things being asked in the assignment... I am leaving this course due to this.. I have successfully done other python courses, because there, the instructor was very good and his teaching style was awesome...I have wasted lot of my times enrolling in this particular course... Though the course conception is good, instructor and course materials are not up to the mark....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very good lectures and examples. Horrible autograder - very stiff and all results must be in a very strict order and format. Extremenly vague questions prone to misinterpretation.Most of the time is not spent on analysing data or coding but trying to understand the autograder and questions. The stress should be somewhere else. As a whole poorly prepared course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
bunch of information, but the videos are tediousThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course proved to be a waste of time. There was nothing about the structure and forms of the strong quartet, just "here's a good one to listen to." Almost complete devoid of intellectual content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great music but quizzes seem to come from footnotes to the lessons!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A good instructor and interesting assignments, but the information presented was quite shallow. I don't feel that I learned much from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't finish the friggin' course. I can code fluently in HTML, CSS and Javascript, but can't figure out how to upload a PDF assignment here. This student's user experience is atrocious.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments at times a bit hazy and there is very little guidance. In general the types of assignments do not lend themselves too well to peer review. This is far off the standard set by courses 1 and 2. Lectures seem a bit generic and although Liz Gerber tries to make it hands on, the subject matter really doesnt seem anywhere as tangible as when Klemmer presents it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments are ambiguously phrased and full of inconsistencies and typos. The last assignment does not provide feedback at all. It mainly felt like sitting in a lecture theatre getting a fragmented overview of the lecturer's work, while never gaining a real handle on the wider context, or what would have happened if an action hadn't been taken/had been performed differently. There was not enough further reading and no discussion of other people's work - such as a dissection of how a company might have arrived at a product we can actually identify in the wild.Rather than learning how I could tackle any project, I now know how to work on very specific examples of projects - if anything was to deviate from this, I'd still be clueless.Overall, the course feels haphazard and badly prepared.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the course is just 5 minute video of an overview of the topic then an assignment,many topics are replicated from previous courses in the same speclizationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately I found this course to be the least enjoyable so far in the specialization. I'm not sure if I was just jarred by the change in instructor, but I found her manner of lecture to be almost belittling. I'm not sure if she's a mother or not, but that's the way she comes across--like she's trying to squeeze massive and advanced theory into a pill designed for ten year-olds.A majority of this class simply glossed over things we already learned in the intro class, and she would often list things she was going to talk about, and then ignore one of those items entirely. In fact, one of the most challenging assignments in this course was building a journey map, something that was mentioned in the lectures, but not gone into in depth at all. I tackled this challenge by sort of haphazardly googling journey maps and praying my submission would come across as somewhat logical.Ultimately I'm very disappointed with this part of the specialization. I don't feel like it was worth my $39, and would love to see this class completely redesigned for future learners. Research and prototyping is arguably one of the most important things for a burgeoning UX designer to learn, and this class could stand to be a lot more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course does not meet my needs and expectations. The content is very focused on engineering projects. The exercise demands a lot of time to understand the document. It would be better to slice it in many exercises associated with each week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is very randomized, and the instructor presents it in an overly complex way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a good introductory course, but it relies too much on networks and could be confusing and demoralizing if you intend to pursue a career in systems biology.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I could not understand instructor. Using subtitles didn't help either as many words came up unintelligible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Boring voice. A lot of overcomplicated terms, where you can describe your idea in a much more simple way. In result i feel that lector read this material not to teach people, but just to read it. Disgusting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecture quality should be dramatically improved. Even at 2x speed, I feel Iyengar should further practice is presentation and redo the videos. In the conclusion, Iyengar states that no textbooks are available for the field because it is "new", but an Amazon search shows several seem to exist, and many of the studies referenced in this course are years old, even more than a decade in some cases... so I think better materials for more organized slides must exist. I've taken more than 5 coursera classes, and this has been my least satisfying. ... I do appreciate the introduction this provided, for free, and plan to keep learning in this space, though not in this course sequence.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I posted questions and couldn't find any answer. The course also doesn't allow me to be creative (although it's about design!) in answering assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I only did week one of the course and quit for the following reasons:Presentation of the content is too fast and provides little information among lots of noise. Most of what's said is generic keywords assembled in sentences that don't make much sense, or implies "common sense" evidences barely illustrated with vague figures and no sources to support them. It makes everything hard to follow for beginners and unconvincing for more advanced students.On top of that, I feel offended by the mysogynist examples and the underlying contradictory assumptions that designers outside of agile are basically incompetent while saying at the same time that they will just use methods they already know anyway.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course can give you hands on advice on how to manage a sprint that solve a design issue. For my taste most of the information is far too specific and tied to one scenario. It's ok to present a detailed schedule with a number of minutes for breaks; it's also ok to assume a certain mind set for "your manager". However, I am missing the occasional bird's eye view, like how did we come to these conclusions and where do other team leads (maybe from different cultures) vary from these rules. In conclusion I would recommend the Agile course from Alberta University instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Frequent and forced peer reviews with no opportunity to complete once deadline is missed makes this course nu-necessarily difficult for people with conflicting schedules and responsibilities.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really like the course however it was too short and generic, and writing a memo as a repetation of the course was not that exhilarating...I haven´t used the discussion forums too much however I was expecting more on building business models...Probably it will be the subject of the next package but still 3 courses were too little as coverage....I really liked the alagories and interviews from real life experiences and thank you for the effort...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is more like a Junit course in the beginning or as far as i could watch. The methodology is not very precise and I could think in a few enhancements.Still, I could recommend for those who want just a initial contact with the method. No more than this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the content of this course was presented in an engaging way, the assessment task lacks context. To then be asked to peer review others based on this is particularly disengaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course 1 was really enriching, but this second stage didn't achieve the level that it's supposed, videos should be remake in order to connect with learners, materials should be upgrade to fulfill expectations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course content is presented in a very good way. It is explained in an understandable way and examples provide a good insight. The final assignment is ambiguously described. This is very frustrating if you invest a lot of time and recognize that all classmates proceeded in a different way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The speaking style and body language of the instructor was quite monotonous when teaching the content. For the most part of the course, it felt like the instructor was just "reading" the teleprompter without blinking for several seconds! He did not attempt to teach the students in these videos. It could have been MUCH better if he had used better presentation tools and shorter sentences.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very simple, brief and useful course.The modules are short, concise but do not go into lot of details. Is a good course to audit/browse for free but may not be good enough against a verified option. Anyways, paying for verified course is subject to personal value derivation.While I had rated earlier for the above reasons before the course finished. I am facing the exact same problem with this course as I faced with earlier course.The grading process is badly constructed for final assignment. In fact, now I am learning from coursera staff that may be there are not enough students to grade my peer review assignment.So please do audit this course but do not be trapped in specialization.Cheers..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professor isn't that great, and really difficult to follow (high speed, English pronunciation not obvious). The assignment was also really similar to theThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
At times a direct contrast the the precursor class. Assignments too easy. Lectures okay but syllabus lacked structure. Too easy. Wasted time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nice form, shallow content. Simply too simple. Beware: upgrade / fee required for last two exams.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'd like to give just one star rating for this course, as it is very far from what I expected. The course expect students to know Python, to know R, but did not go deep enough to help students understand the insight from social media data. In fact, lots of R task can be replaced with Python, so the course could be designed in a much better way that students do not always switch between two programming environments. This course mainly teaches how to download data with keywords, and how to plot graph, not worth the effort of learning. Therefore, I would not recommend this course to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Far from being a real course, it need polishing, at this point it looks more like a basic tutorial with a few error, perhaps next versions will be better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A rather non-engaged teacher ho does not know what goes on with the reviews. She does not have enough people to review the written assignment and the assignments go UN-reviewed leading to a 'no-grade' whihc is ridiculous. It is not even clear how the written reviews are graded. She is not involved and does not serve to inspect the work of the students to ascertain that a grade is in order. Three reviews are requited for a grade, but she has so few reviewers that one might only get one review and then fail. Very inept. Stay away from this one. She does not get involved with answering questions of students either. Her internet activity is rated a 2/5 whihc I did not know until I got involved with this course. Observation of the video showing her teaching is terrible. She places herself in front of the camera and one cannot see the placement of the student's fingers or most importantly what is actually happening on the fret board with the finger movement. She also places herself directly in front of the camera blocking a clear view of everything - poor video skills.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lecturer is too boring and volume is too low.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The accent and rhythm of Jogesh makes it difficult to follow the course.There is no extra information in addition to the presentation. The teacher is only reading the slides which makes the experience quite limited/boring.The content is enough to get an idea of Bootstrap basic functionality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The assignment instructions and grading criteria are unclear/incomplete. Because of this, given these are peer graded assignments, it is likely to lose marks because the peers interpreted the instructions differently. Some of the topics covered in the lectures are not covered in the assignments, while other topics which are not covered are. All assignments build upon the code written in the exercises in all previous weeks, so there is no way to know if you are starting off with correct code. The lecture videos contain a lot of code examples, but the various key notions covered are not explained and the assumption seems to be you will look those up in the API. Sometimes the code examples in the slides contain mistakes. It sometimes felt like the content covered in the videos could have been delivered in a much shorter time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
two stars because I really suffered during this course .I didn't like the instructor behavior of explaining the topics he represents.First of all I didn't like the idea of building over one website, if you didn't get what was happening so you already ruined a part of the total website which you will continue building over during the whole coursesecond the assignments requirements requires additional searches which wasn't explained in details during the sessionthird the explanation is so boring and you can easily lose your concentration because of poor communication skillsforth the assignments requires two many details really, Also I need to get the code of other classmates using "get source code " option on my google chrome and then run it again , there are much efficient ways to handle that like running the delivered assignment directly on the serverThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't like the teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't recommend this class. Jogesh K. Muppala has very labored English and his pace and verbosity make the lectures hard to get through. I've turned in around 10 assignments and have yet to get a grade on anything. The course content is poorly organized and executed. Peer grading is just dumb (and clearly doesn't work, since I have yet to get a single assignment back). When you turn in assignment files, they cannot be opened (and we found out from an apparent student how to get past the technical issues). Questions about the class and submitting assignments went unanswered. My advice, save your money and don't take this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the course, while well laid out content-wise, is poorly executed. I'm thankful I audited the course. I would have been upset had I paid for it. Still, even the free access permits you to use all of the materials minus the major graded assignments. I struggled getting any styling to work with my CSS (files that was provided by the teacher) in conjunction with my Bootstrap. I was unable to replicate what he presented throughout the project (figuring it out on my own after-the-fact), as he would jump ahead in sections while verbally NOT visually detailing what he would be doing next. I was lost for a while. When I managed to correct where he'd left me in the dark, I found that my class assignments failed to override the bootstrap defaults. I didn't get much help when I asked if he had altered the bs files or changed his specificity in order to get them to work. Overall - I'd give the class a C+. I did learn a few things that filled in the gaps with responsive websites, but the tutorials were ultimately not very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is too hard to understand what he is saying, his accent is impossible to follow. Besides, the lectures are not dynamic, it is just him reading the slides with the most monotonous and boring voice ever. I took the first course of the specialization with David and this is the complete opposite. I would love to see the whole 5 courses with David and not only the first one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would recommend reading the docs on the bootstraps website, this course doesn't add much value to just the normal bootstrap docsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A large portion of the course is just copy and pasting code that is provided to you. While the code that is pasted is explained, and a lot of content is covered as a result of not having to write it, I feel my overall retention is much lower than in other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First, the assignments always had poor instructions. It wasn't until grading time you would find out what the criteria are. (After your assignment is submitted)Secondly, there was no documentation/help for the fact the Windows needs a webserver to run content in this section. (Many versions of Windows can't do this) Discovered/resolved over many hours, when course content would not work.The actual course content was sparse/not much to it other than "Bootstrap bootstrap bootstrap." After how good the first course was/how much ground it covered, this course was frustrating, poorly documented, and a disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Difficult to understand, not a good explainer.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So many powerpoint slides.. It's very boring course. The tutor just read slides without deep explanations, wikipedia much more interesting. It's just observing course, theoretical 95%.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I concur with others of a similar opinion on this course:Assignment instructions/criteria differ from the grading rubric criteria. Assignments mostly copy and paste. Referring people to the Bootstrap docs as reference defeats the purpose of an instructor. Many of the assignments required you to do things against best practices, like inserting inline styles to make your element look like the instructor's screenshot of his page.The last week's content seemed to be a slapdash mix of bits and pieces, and trying to inform people about Node modules via solving a quadratic equation seemed really strange. How about an example from the real world, like even an e-commerce application? (In the comments on this, the instructor said there wasn't time in this course to explain Node modules, but that he provided a "clearer" example in the Node.js course. Hunh? Why wouldn't you do a simpler example in the drive-by assignment?)Instructor consistently mispronounced words that are CENTRAL to the field, which just seemed weird and made me question his credibility. This might sound petty, but kuh-rooze-zel for the word Carousel? It would be like a fashion designer mis pronouncing tulle as tull-ee or bias as bye-ez.Just not impressed. I am glad my employer paid the tuition and not me. The only positive was it enforced a schedule and structure for me to try my hand at Bootstrap. I had already worked with Foundation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Fairly disappointing compared to the first week of this course. The balance of instruction to exercise was very low. I also resent being sent to raw Bootstrap documentation; if I could have read that, I likely wouldn't be taking the course. It makes it frustrating to jump into the exercises when the course had 5-7 minutes of lectures, 15 minutes on the exercise and then an assignment on something new.Update: I'm also impressed by Mr. Muppala taking feedback like a boss and blaming students for low reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the lectures sometimes used to get very boring :-|The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lecturer is clear, but there is a problem with the paste.It is much too slow. He states the obvious too often, talks VERY slowly, and that makes it hard to stay focused.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First course by David Rossiter set the bar very high. This is like going through a manual or series of instructions. Would like 2 courses to be taken by David and 2 by Jogesh...Else the style becomes very monotonous. The course by David was awesome. This is not as goodThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the best tutor but perhaps one of the worst. Hard to understand what he's trying to say.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the second course in the Full Stack series by Hong Kong University. Because I find the first course in this series very interesting (the assignments are challenging and easy to understand; the professor does a very good job in explaining the materials), I continue to take the second course, which is this one, a shoot. However, it is a complete disappointment.In every single assignment, it requires a file, which is built by going through every single lectures of the course. That means I have to go through every videos and copy his code to my code in order to get the file. If you have a lot of time, that is perfectly fine. However, if you are a college student like me, you properly will not be able to commit that much time. Personally, when I take a course, I take a look at the assignment and then see what knowledge I need to have in order to complete the assignment. Because of this, I may watch the lecture or just Google out the answer. Requiring a file in order to complete an assignment strips away my liberty in doing so. Furthermore, if you miss a step in the video, your file may very well be ruined and you need to rewatch the video again to see what you missed.Also, the course is extremely slow paced. I have to play back rate to x1.5 normal speed. Sadly, even with faster speed, the lectures are also poorly structured. There are many other materials online that can cover the same amount of information in less time and easier to understand. Combined with the required file for each assignment, this course can easily be a torture.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
preety boring, lots of code copying.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would like the course to be more dynamic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not for me.Principal concepts seem very difficult from the first lesson.Professor hesitates, quiz is incomprehensible.So, Good Bye ! I do like blues and listen it very often, but this doesn't help me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The audio quality of a lot of the lectures are quite bad.A number of the slides seem to be un-organised at times, with repeating information, making them confusing.While all the information seems to be presented, it feels like it could be done better with more time spent preparing and recording the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was really boring, hard to keep watching the videos and doing the activities. There was some stuff that could be interesting but you can find it somewhere else.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was very boring and very frustrating. Long long slow lectures with lots, and lots, and lots of questions, and no answers. The briefest of comments on potentially interesting people or topics, but no links to enable those to be followed up. Quizzes on concepts not covered in the material. Conflicting descriptions of assessment requirements. Discussion moderators who continually referred you back to the course material which did not contain the information that people were looking for. Before taking this course I could find only one negative review, which I dismissed as probably being a minority. Having taken the course, I agree with that review wholeheartedly. I did learn a couple of things, despite everything, but I would not recommend this course. Please upgrade it substantially.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was really disappointing.There is almost no connection between the experience of the lectures (and that's all the videos are - lectures that track a PowerPoint presentation) and the assignments, quizzes, etc. Reference and source materials are frequently mentioned in passing, but there is no comprehensive list of works cited anywhere. The assignments are often vaguely described and, in more than one case, were described entirely differently in different places.I have nothing good to say about this experience. You're watching a fundamentally disconnected series of mostly ad-hoc discussions of vague concepts. A simple list of books to read would be much more valuable.This is by far the worst MOOC I've taken, from any source, in any discipline. The fact that it actually costs money simply adds to the pain.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good info but kind of dryThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was VERY scarce, and it was obvously prepared in a hurry. This course just touches very superficially the subject to be studied. Not meeting minimum quality standards.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In compare with first course of this specialization study materials are too few. Some lectures not longer then 2 !!!! minutes. The whole time of lectures 10-15 minutesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course was taught by people who gave no indication they had ever bought a security. They read flatly from the teleprompter and rarely looked at their audience. Very disconcerting and not conducive to trusting what is being said.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is alot of advertisement for UBS in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not happy about the course. Very very general information. This can be obtained through any internet reading and doesn't require a purchase of the course. 79 dollars is not peanuts for many countries. The lecturers often refer to the videos which are not part of this course. Examples: PPP valuation has not been part of lectures, but is referred to. Maturity and duration of the bond comparison with the glass of water is referred to, but was not part of the course. For the money - we are getting some shorter version of a bigger course. Not satisfied at all. Just finished all the tests and passed, but not happy. Do not recommend to anyone and surely will not buy the next course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Beware - will make you upgrade to complete quizzes (and pay) - should definitely be much more upfront about this from the beginning.Seems like very poor tactics on their behalf.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Inconsistent course content, presenters hop between topics, complete lack of definitions, absense of content structure. Moreover, the presentation style is very boring. One thing is for sure - avoid attending finance at university of Geneva by all costs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am disappointed in the quality of the lectures in this course. They're too summarized -- too quick-- and they lack the thoroughness required to accurately convey the intuition the student needs to comprehend the lessons taught. When I have to spend a significant number of hours watching lectures on YouTube to compensate for the poor quality lectures offered in "Understand Financial Markets", I am left wondering why I enrolled in the specialization. I think Coursera needs to have a conversation with the professors at Geneva University about the need for prerequisites before allowing students to enroll in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is too elementary. U of G is considered to be a top university in the world, I am expecting an advanced course, at least teach us some asset pricing theories, such as APT, thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos do not work, the sound disappears and sometimes vision too. Otherwise it could be very promising.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Without a comprehensive background in thermodynamics (which I do not have), advanced mathematics and statistics, this course is extremely hard to impossible to follow. Formulas come out of nowhere and the explanation of the conceptual theory is very thin.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was great, however I think it should be more video content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've just completed the course subject to peer review grading. I must say that this was the WORST online course I've ever taken and I've taken a lot of online courses (including YouTube tutorials by people who were clearly intoxicated when creating their masterpieces).To begin, the recommended software options for screen movies and presentation are awful choices - not to mention "Prezi" is subscription service. I didn't use it. Try Open Office which has a "PowerPoint" type presentation software if you are looking to save costs. There's also an enormous technical problem with the screen movie makers suggested (at least with the PC versions). You cannot record from your microphone and capture internal sound card information (i.e. sounds produced by your DAW) simultaneously with any of the "suggested" programs I tried. The solution was a virtual sound card (I used Voice Meeter) where I could route the sounds accordingly so you could hear the sound produced by my DAW while I spoke. Considering this is a technology course, you would think this would be addressed. It is not.There is almost no practical discussion. There's plenty of "what," --- an overwhelming amount of what actually --- but not much "how" or "why."Others may experience this course differently depending on your goals. If you record vocals and real instruments and want to learn how to do this so everything sounds fantastic, this isn't the course for you. There's a tiny bit of that discussed with microphone placement and the like, but it quickly moves to digital sound creation. If you want to use synths and effects and noise things and such to create EDM music ... well, this isn't the course for you either, but maybe it would be more beneficial to you than most other categories.So, who is this course for? I can't say I'm sure of the answer to that. If you are wanting to be a sound designer, perhaps you would learn the vocabulary for sound design but not much "how." If you use Logix as your DAW, perhaps you will learn where something is you hadn't seen before (although the videos are hard to follow as some things are happening off screen or aren't the focus of the video).In the end, this course was very much a "self teaching" course. I didn't learn much from the video lectures provided by Berklee other than application of a few terms in music I'd never considered much with a background in playing instruments rather than playing a digital synth, like "ADSR." I spent more time on other websites and YouTube videos and in my DAW's operation manual as we were often told, "Go to your DAW and figure out how to use an XYZ." Rarely did it include "how and why" to use that XYZ for musicality.The quizzes were awful as well. There's a lot of "minutia" detail in the lectures that never seems to have any relevance because there's no practical application discussed. Make sure you know this not very relevant information because it will be on the quiz --- like how to determine the word length and bit depth using some formula involving 2 to the power of something.... it still doesn't make since because I don't know why or how it applies.Also, note that not everything is completely uniform in DAWs with some terms being different in each one. This was extremely confusing because I don't use Logix and the lessons do. I had a terrible time figuring out many things simply because my DAW had another term or button name for it.I'm glad this is over. I feel like I learned a little bit, but don't feel like it's information I'll retain for long since I have no idea how to use much of the information for my purposes. Maybe on a game of Jeopardy?Sorry for the length of this, but I hope you find the information helpful in deciding whether you will benefit from this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
TL;DR -- Good videos but short and not always relevant material; the course should be titled "A First Light Introduction to Strategy Implementation"The "Strategy Implementation" course is rather a first introduction to the concepts. The material is quite short: only 30 minutes of videos every week and no interviews with "real-life" managers.The additional articles to read most relate to blue-chip companies that succeeded: Samsung, Toyota, Netflix, Google, and of course the obligatory Apple mentioned in every Strategy course on the planet. However, it would be much more interesting to discuss failures and/or duller companies.Finally, the final peer-review exercise is a bit broken but that is the case of every MOOC peer-graded approach (cf. https://www.insidehighered.com/blogs/hack-higher-education/problems-peer-grading-coursera to know more).On the upside, videos are well edited and clear and easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material was interesting, but mentors/teaching assistants and the course director were non-existent. Hard to get any significant discussions going.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
more about the study of terrorism than about terrorismThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've taken this course for a while but prefered to stop as I found it very not academic in terms of ethics and objectivity. It spreads anxiety and takes too much liberty with History.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just for get our opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very good and thought provoking course.It is a re-run of an archived course and sadly a number of reference materials that had been on the dashboard are not reposted with it. Also there are references to discussion forums that don't exist. If the missing material and content were up to date it would be a strong and complete course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It has nothing to do with widening network. It is completely misleading. This is just a very short course about office etiquette. That's it.I was very much looking forward to this course. Sadly I got very disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The topic is really good, but the course does not cover the tools or methodology detailed enough. It is too high level and not many examples or assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
More clear examples needed to make concepts clearThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't say I really enjoyed this 5 week course. The flow itself was more like "food for thought" where a bunch of ideas are presented as sort of an intellectual gymnastics exercise with no point really. By week 5 you are just plain bored. The content wasn't concise enough. It could have easily been a 4 week course or even shorter had they not tried to belabor each topic. It all was too high level and never really got down enough to earth. I have done other courses on the same topic which were better put together.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is basically about watching uninspiring videos. It needs a lot of design thinking itself.I have bought the book however. It is really useful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
shame you have to pay for this course although the content is goodThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am sorry but the Prof. doesn't know how to attract students to be more curious.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are ideas we are all familiar with in this course. Good ones for a new teacher who may be oblivious but there is little concrete information about what those ideas look like in a class setting. For example, there might be a discussion of leadership or respect but no ideas about what those look like. It's a lot of teacher talk with no substance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is compelling and the lecturer is engaging, but the course is not well prepared. The assessments are not relevant to the material covered and there are no collateral materials (e.g., downloadable slides/handouts) available to assist in learning.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I want to bring it to Coursera's attention that this specialization on Conflict Management is poor quality, poor value and hardly any content. Week 1 is only a welcome lecture!! It is a 3-4 week course stretched out to 3 months so that students can be charged money $$$.It should not be a paid specialization. It does not meet Coursera's high standards. Can you please forward this review to the right person?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting, bit not worthy of the invested money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Platitudes and generalizations. The interviews with real people are the only redeeming factor. I wasn't impressed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The format of the course is not very engaging. The instructor shows slides with generic statements and then reads them slowly. The case studies are quite artificial and the answers are too obvious. I was expecting more tricks how to apply this in practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't learn a whole lot -perhaps it is because I'm not coming into a professional setting as a newbie anymore? I found a lot of the examples juvenile - 'wearing a robe to the office' or 'stealing things'. I was looking for more substantial examples of idealogical conflict I guess -stuff that is harder to resolve than being a person of integrity and making good decisions. I know this is just module 1, but the content didn't feel valuable for the most part. The assignments were alright.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very interesting or well-presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a joke right?5 minutes long videos with questions after it shall teach me effective?!you guys are ridiculous!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
when you finish the course you won't be able to print out your certificate so don't even waste your time with this bs website. I am beyond pissed rn and I'm reporting this to everyone this a real comment about this course too.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A little be difficult for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course fails to clearly explain how to use so many of the formulas that the professor just glides over in class. The quiz was far harder than it should have been, mainly because the professor failed to properly introduce and teach students to use the formulas.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of talking, I missed some practical tasks / projects to be lead through to practise the subjectThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is ironic that a course about virtual instruction is one of the worst online courses I have taken. The content was good, if a little outdated (hence the two stars vs only one), but the course design and delivery were lacking.The videos were excruciating for visual learners (or really any non-auditory learners). The video for Week 2, Lesson 2, for example, had a single static image on the screen for eleven minutes. Words were added to the image during that time, but all in all there were 26 words of text on the slide. Really?!? ELEVEN MINUTES. 26 WORDS. Give me a transcript or make it an audio file. Don't keep me chained to my laptop watching a static image for ELEVEN MINUTES!The instructor droned and was clearly reading from a script. She did not even use the video to highlight key terms or spotlight key references. Whenever she mentioned a reference I wanted to look at, I had to either hope it was on the course reference page (many of them weren't there) or try to figure out how to spell the author's name based on her pronunciation of it. It was just really, really hard to get through.The tests were also poorly designed. What states do x y or z. Who cares? I don't live in those states. Which online school has this policy? Again who cares? Maybe a question about why states/schools have different approaches or how outcomes differ between states/schools, but memorizing a laundry list of which state or school has which policies and practices is useless and did not advance the learning objectives in any way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would have given this course NO stars at all if that option were available!!!The course is designed in contradiction of all the principles it preaches--there are no forums for the students, there is no way you could contact the instructor, the instructor keeps reading badly, stammering like a first-grader, speaks monotonously and there's no interaction whatsoever!Furthermore, there are mistakes in the quizzes and you have to choose blatantly wrong options if you want to get the 100% score!Although the subject matter about Virtual Instruction is pretty interesting and the instructor made it sound like the most boring thing in the world!Many of the links are outdated or not working at all and often the documents she refers to are 10 or more years old. Bear in mind that Virtual Instruction is a fast developing field and the technology as well as the legal framework are changing very fast too.In a nutshell, if this course were not a part of a Specialization track, I would not have paid for it.Unless you want to do the specialization, I wouldn't recommend this course or any by the UC Irvine because all of the lack forums and no channels for communication with the instructors!!!In one word BAD!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some materials are useful but the teacher has no idea of teaching techniques and good presentation. Very bad choice for the University of Irvin, California to entrust such an interesting course to such an incompetent and feeble instructor. She is reading in a monotonous way and nothing more. Her presentations have no meaning. She does not appear in the video lectures. She can not introduce animated elements. The materials she selected are sometimes and only somehow relevant. The most of the materials have only percentages, and small details on history. A course of poor quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A paradox that a course about virtual instruction is the worst course I've done on Coursera. I am on a verge of quitting it. 1. Despite lots of good information, there is no effort to present it in an interesting and engaging way. 2. Virtual educators say that the students should interact with the platform every 3-4 minutes and yet they give you 15 min video to listen to and look at the same picture. 3. No forums available but the notice about forums interrupts all the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No option of completing the course without paying. So why do you call your site FREE online courses? And why do we have to go into the trouble of attending the class and watching the videos, and reading the material without being capable of at least watching our results in assignments?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found much of the content to be interesting and timely. However, I thought the quizzes were poorly written. There was no feedback, so as a learner it was hard to grow from errors. Also, there were many that required more than one answer, if you missed one, you missed entire question. Without feedback, it was difficult to know which one you missed. The week 4 lesson content was a bit dense for an introductory course. It was dry and could've been more global. Last, the large lesson assignment was only graded by peers with no feedback from the instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although the content is good, the course itself does not reflect in any way what a good asynchronous course should be. Where is the discussion board? How can one communicate with the instructor or with other classmates? Although peer review of an assignment is one aspect of asynchronous and synchronous education, said assignment should also be reviewed by an instructor, especially when said instruction carries so much weight. In addition, I think overall the tests are unfair. I was marked wrong twice for a question that asked my opinion! Also, in the "check all that apply" questions, if one misses one of the answers, the whole question is marked wrong. Finally, many of the test questions themselves are irrelevant to the content of the course. One last thing- the course says it's a five week program, but there are only 4 weeks. Something needs to be adjusted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Classes are ok, but there is no support at all, no advisors to answer your questions, even if you pay for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course, and the Specialization as a whole, is poorly structured and a rather cursory overview that is unlikely to satisfy serious learners. If the material is completely new to you then it will likely leave you confused as it does not adequately explain the concepts. If you are already somewhat familiar and are looking for deeper dive into R and programming you will be disappointed as the courses just don't have the depth of material needed to gain mastery over the subject.Your money and time would probably be better spent on a couple of books by Wickham.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's not much substance. Also, considering there is not video the course seems very non-interactive. Its nice to see the instructors speak and work through examples. Hoping this course was just a quick primer for the R newbies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first course of the specialization is very simple. The specialization was announced to be on an intermediate level but at the same time, you need to spend money on a very basic course with swirl assignments pretty much copying the course content. The good thing is that it includes very modern approaches to data analysis and new packages. The second course is much better, nevertheless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not free. You must pay to access assignments and quizzes.I am really annoyed with the direction Coursera is moving in regard to premium content. If they keep up this trend, I'll move to Class Central or other MOOCs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very enthusiastic teacher, but the information was difficult to follow and some of the assessments took over 4 hours to complete. This made it hard to get the work done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too theoretical and completely disliked it. Even too basic for an introductory course. I paid it and got unitl week 4 and just couldn't find the motivation to continue.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very vague, abstract ideas in the lectures. Would be much better if more real-life examples and scenarios were used in the lectures to convey those abstract ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Scattered lectures that are hard to follow and choppyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
content is not good, too scattered content, cannot find focus.assignments are meaningless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had done ALL the tasks in February-March - I don't remember exactly when, but I received my certificate in May. The course was interesting, but I needed the certificate for my application to university. Now I'm so dissapointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dr Moerman is passionate about qualitative research and does use some interesting examples to illustrate his ideas, some of which are drawn from his own research experiences. Do note that if you were to take this course, you need time because the assignments are time consuming and the videos are (I think) a little longer than they really need to be. Also, some of the assignments are designed in a pretty strange way (e.g. one week's assignment requires a shocking 10 peer reviews to pass but when I took the course, there were only a few submissions). This probably means I can't get my cert until the next session starts - if I'm lucky!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor's presentations are so irritating due to him acting in a jumpy, nervous, and hyper-excited manner that I could not stand watching the lectures. If you don't mind that, it's probably not a bad course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Video's were great but some of the assignments were unpractical and the tests were based on minuscule details.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Starts off great, but quickly jumps into really dense course material moving quickly between topics with few images or examples while watching the lecturer slowly scribble on the slides. I expected more discussions in the videos with variance between visual, heavy calculations at a slower pace and high-level applications. Quizzes are long and redundant and there isn't enough recognition of the relationship between climate change and thermodynamics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little modelling in this course, instead you get some accounting lectures which are pretty difficult to follow if you have no previous accounting knowledge. Very boring lectures, too!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Turned out to be a course in financials rather than modeling. The whole specialization could have been designed to make better progress in modeling.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was redundant at times, at other the dots that were trying to be connected were to wide apart on the spectrumThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Was expecting soo much more from the entire courses. Not a single practical part, soo much talk and write.Sorry would not share the course with friends, 190€ is too much for what I have just learned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much focus on technicalities - not management based.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course tests are at times partially unrelated to the content of the lessons. In the test of Lesson 7 we are asked if removing jargon from an analysis makes the analysis clearer. This is never mentioned in the course.The question does not have a unique yes/no solution. It depends on the context, in particular on the audience of the analysis and report. If I'm talking to technical people who knows a lot about the topic jargon can be useful, on the other hand if jargon is not documented it can be confusing.How are we supposed to know this?This is just one example, but all the courses of the EDS specialisation had these issues. I don't know if it is a language barrier or what but I feel that I didn't have a chance to study more to get a better score. You either happen to have the same idea of the teacher or you don't, and this is not professional.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very bad and not organisedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a poor course because is not properly designed for internationals. Language is mainly French in slides and subtitle is not that helpful.Instead of spending time outside to read the notes, it was better to prepare helpful slides for students to understand better what you are talking about.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Apart from the book the courses does not offer me anything. No videos, no active forum, no explanation. Also the assessment is not interesting and there is no much information in the teaching material in order to be able to do the assessment.I am very disappointed with this Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The first three weeks of this course is ok. The last assignment is very poorly structured with uninformative instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing but following the lectures, hardly any quizes or assignments where you have to work things out on your own. Also, there's way too much material crammed into four weeks, leading to a lack of depth. I learned a lot, but this was not very engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Slow and redundant. Would have preferred a faster-paced and more substantive course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's a lack of crucial information such as how to merge AngularJs with all the Back-End. A few chapters such as cookies and session could had been skipped, even the prof. Muppala doesn't advice to use them, but as they're easy to teach so they're explained intead of more imporant things.I'm getting crazy to do the most simple thing: a MEAN Stack Login.So why is not explained the most usual thing here? There are no excuses. Login and uploading files IS IMPORTANT to be learned.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely boring and very confusingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seems like the quality of this specialization goes down with every course. The instructor is not showing us the way we should think about developing programs in NodeJS, but he insists on using PowerPoint slides to show us how to code! It's 2016, and there are way better mediums for communicating with your students. Simply copying and pasting code and explaining what every line does is not the right way of teaching any concept, especially when you are dealing with a new technology. For the start, the instructor can actually type the code and explain what goes through his mind during each step. That way anyone can follow his problem solving methods and benefit from the course.I had to take other online courses on Code School and Pluralsight just to understand what's going on, and later come back to finish the homework.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While a lot of useful ground was covered, it was a constant struggle simply getting my environment to work properly - the entire specialisation needs to do a better job of getting users on a level playing field with better environment setup.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Pay to submit assignments, GG.All the stars goes to the prof.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Totally unimpressed. Video lectures are terrible. Explanations are at best incomplete, usually confusing, sometimes incoherent. Instructor never gives an overview of the architecture/data flow/structure of Active Record or Action Pack, instead describes the syntax of a handful of functions. As a result you only get the most superficial understanding of the material. The graded assignments are just a regurgitation of the lectures and so don't require you to take a deeper dive into the material. In fact, in many cases the answers to the graded assignments are listed in the assignment immediately following the question.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could have been much better ....should have been a proper video tutorialThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content of the course is great! But if you get stuck in a problem no one responds or guides you. For practice purpose just take the free version, paid version is not worth taking, as you will not get any additional guidance or support to do assignments when stuck.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The marking scheme for essays is filth ! I was not even informed what the passing mark is before I received my grade ,all the instructions for assignments are absurdly unclear! Also the " professor " 's English is terrible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The peer-review rubrics need adjustments.. it's very hard to grade anyone this way. Especially when the answers are just wrong.The staff/teachers/instructors CAN BE A LOT MORE INVOLVED ON THE FORUM!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very interesting with well thought-out content that involves the student very actively from the first lesson. The assignments are challenging but also very exciting. I consider is a unique innovation in MOOC courses. The professor give excellent information interspersed with interesting case studies. Unfortunately, there was no interaction in my iteration of the course, or any apparent involvement whatsoever, from any TA's or mentors. All questions remained unanswered (except by other students), and frustrated calls for help and advice were ignored. The majority of the course's mark (60%) is determined by fellow students using a rubric which leaves little true 'wiggle room' between pass and fail marks. The mystery cases on which we worked during the course were never 'resolved' or explained in any way, which would have been nice after the effort that went into them. I would recommend the content of the course 'for fun' but if anyone is looking for an accurate assessment of material learned, try another course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Positive: Very interesting and informative lectures and subject matter.Negative: Fellow "students" who have no knowledge of the subject (other than what they themselves are learning) are required to submit case studies for "peer review" by other students who have no more knowledge of the subject than they do. These case studies are heavily weighted and if the person is reviewed negatively (for whatever reason), they must resubmit it never knowing why they were given low scores or what the correct answer should have been. No instructor assistance is given. Huge turn-off for me and many of my fellow students. I want to withdraw (drop) this class and take another with more clearly drawn parameters.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a nice effort, and it obvious how hard everyone has worked. There are too many presumptions presented as 'facts', though, and too much certainty about research issues that lots of debate is still going around. So, good work, but unless the course is supposed to attract only ignorants and people that haven't been in contact with 'science', some of the instructors act a bit 'I know it all' and that is how it is, although no-one does yet. Sorry to discover this spirit in here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While the course is very interesting, I found the peer review process unsatisfying. I did not enjoy grading others without knowing if I was right. Grading a fellow student on their accuracy when I don't know if they are actually wrong is something I never want to do again. After completing the course, I had hoped to learn if any of my assignments were actually correct. I am disappointed in the outcome.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
i can not unenroll this course, it's very terribleThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Definitely could be more systematic and clear. Sample spreadsheets could be improved in many ways and any attention to detail would do this course much good. Tests and quizzes also could benefit a lot with a revise-currently plenty of confusion with phrases and wording.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very little new and does not include more complex sensitivity analysis for corporate valuationThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was expecting an intro course for beginners... this was not it. I'd say this is more of a refresher course for intermediate/advanced users who are out of practice.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The slides are not at all helpful. Unfortunately, this is a far less useful course than the companions in the specialization. The quizzes tend to be glitchy, and have a maddening propensity to have users type formulas,The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't feel learning much after the class. Particularly I think the video should be better made to present the spreadsheet content more clearly and i think there should be more emphasis on important points during the lecture session.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was a extremely introductory course in excel. I would not recommend it to anyone, especially at the cost of $95. Aside from getting yourself thinking about using Excel and some minor lessons learned, I found it to be a complete waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Weak, definitely not what I would call a "course". Should have been at least twice as long to give more depth. Also, too many type-in answers for quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This coarse don't worth 80 bucks at allThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some of the ideas discussed are useful & new to me like linear programming and what-if analysis. The content is more suited to this specialization context instead of teaching excel in general so in case you are looking to learn excel, this is not a great course. I didn't like the quizzes, most of the questions added no value. My suggestion to the instructors would be less questions on the quizzes and more relevant to what you teach. I wouldn't complete the course if it wasn't a part of the specialization that I am attending.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth the time and energy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was fairly easy and short. In comparison to the Duke course, it was way too shallow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is somewhat lacking depth. The introduced tools are very basic and I would have expected more content for the prizeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really basic spreadsheet knowledge, not to be recommanded for anybody who is already familiar with Excel.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too easy for financial spreadsheetsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've only taken 2 classes with Wharton online. This and Intro to financial accounting. Financial accounting is awesome. It taught smoothly and explained things well. This class jumped around and didn't give full explanations and had questions on one quiz that we didn't learn until the next week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't know how to make cashflow assumptions. Also, instructor jumps from one lesson to another without enough explanation how did he reach to the solutionThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course does not belong to this specialization. Poor content, poor assessment quiz, and felt quite disappointed. It is way below par. I never thought I would have to rate it this bad. If not for specialization that I am aiming for, I would never take it. Period.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
the quiz is so frustratingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The tests were not upto the mark, where the questions were not very logical and the options were confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I had great expectations, but the course focuses on really basic stuff. If you have worked with spreadsheets before, it won't help much. If you haven't, it will not teach you how to use it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is poorly organized and presented in comparison to other MOOCs offered by Wharton.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Frankly speaking, it should be the most disappointing MOOC I have ever enrolled so far. The Professor's teaching is clear and comprehensible but the depth of the course content cannot meet the university level, especially from a worldwide renowned school like Wharton. Quiz is the most terrible part which seems like nobody could get it because of the ambiguous questions and paranoid answer area. Personally, I, like many other mates, am really grateful to Coursera for offering everyone this equal opportunity. But courses with that kind of quality but staggering price will destroy the company's brand. We all want Coursera to go further and better, but few people prefer monopoly businessman rather than prestigious professors and diligent intellectuals.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For what you pay for, this course is not worth it. While I was able to follow the lectures, the material is very introductory and I was hoping to learn more. The lectures are really short in duration and the quizzes aren't challenging. I feel that pricing of this Specialization is purely due to the brand name of Wharton. Please improve this Specialization to encompass more depth in the course material or lower the price.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The qiuz are managed terribly, full of error and I seriously doubt the professor ever seen these quiz before. The Course suit for a beginner but a bit fragile, I expect more about building a usable model. This course need serious review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Nothing new and no challenging exercises. It could be more interactiveThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1st 3 weeks were helpful but questions of the quiz were unclear & improvement is really necessary but still an ok course for basic learners.It could be much betterThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs a total overhaul; in its current state it is a detriment to both Coursera and the Wharton Online brand. First, there was relatively little content; there was less than an hour of lectures each week and no actual programming involved. Second, the material was pitched at a very basic level, but not in a good way. Third, the tests didn't manage to even test the material being covered. For example, when given a mean and stdev, when asked to find a value, often the lecture would use an approximation ( i.e., a 2-tailed 95% distributed = 2.00 std devs. ) This is a class on excel: there is NO excuse for not introducing norm.s.inv and norm.s.dist when asking that question. When the test required the "approximation" rather than the exact calculation? Everything about this course was wrong, it needs to be scrapped and thrown away.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor course. Low depth of teaching, assignments awfully developed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was very disappointing, especially considering it's a Wharton product. The "course" was little more than an afternoon's worth of seminars. Since I am not a paying participant, I could not take the quizzes, so I finished watching the videos in less than a day.In addition, there are NO collateral or supporting materials provided. None of the spreadsheets or workbooks illustrated in the videos are available anywhere on the course site, despite their being advertised in the videos. All in all, it was consistent with the first course in this "specialization".Again, very disappointing. I'm glad I didn't spend any money on this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wasn't impressed...v few or new materialThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's ok. Reading the top three books on time management would take less time and provide far more insight and inspiration.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic course. It only touches the surface of the subject. Most of those information you can find in every web-page on time management.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course gives some ideas about time management. However, it takes more time utilising these methods of planning, checking the plans, planning extra work and risks than actually do the work.It is impossible to multitask, let's go back to monotask.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The contect of some modules of this course is very light and the multichoice tests at the end insultingly easy. I would not pay for the certificate unless you need one per se.I found that modules 1 and the communications part of module 3 were useful. However, the most valuable thing I got from the course was the link to the lecture by Mike Sanders on Advanced Multi-tasking.The reference material referred to is very light - there are no reading lists and one link is to an out-of-date web page. Coursera may wish to review whether it continues offering this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures were very short, the contents are too simple and general, does not have the deepness and comprehensiveness for professionals. Did not live up to expectation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course doesn't help muchThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible course compared to all others I've seen on Coursera.Content is scarce, quality is low, maybe okay for college graduates, but being in business, it's just too slim.Video quality is also terrible. Don't waste 35$The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, without a doubt, the worst und most uninformative course I've ever taken. Apart from stating the obvious nothing new. A lot of repetition of "useless" information. Super disappointed. Can't believe that such a course is offered here and that I really paid for nothing of such quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Muy poca información.Very few information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected more content. The course description says that there is material for 4-8 hours, however the videos are only one hour long.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the course pretty basic. It did cover the topics well , however, in-depth understanding and newer concepts (for eg. exercises on time quadrants) could have been introduced & explained in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too basic! Can't even do the quiz without payment!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course would be much better if there was some actual substantive content. This course was not worth 35$.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is too basic and superficial. I think already high school students can figure out the tips by themselves.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Most of the content was already known to me, and in my opinion it scratches at most the surface. also it only contains round about a 100 minutes which is not that much.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm glad I didn't pay for this course.Nothing new, obviuos advice and basic information.Nice instructor, with a clear pronunciation and interesting videos in Module 4.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I expected much more detailed and deeper knowledge from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is too superficial. It isn't worth the moThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dearth of any specific / practical tools.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Coursera stands for its rich courses. This one is an exception, one of the worst I've ever seen so far. It's like reading a bad inspirational book. No system, no methods in place.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed that the assignments are not part of the fThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much of common sense stuff and not much in the way of advanced techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didnt find it very usefulIt maybe useful for professionals just starting work but if you are in a managerial or leadership position struggling to manage work it didn't seem useful.Very basic tips and tricks to manage lifeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Well explained videos, But very short course. Only 1 or 2 (short) videos per week!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Presenter speaks too slow. Still slower than I would like at 2.0x speed. Not a lot of new information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very boring and uninteresting delivery..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While this course might be suitable for somebody new to this topic, it was not very useful for me. I have read numerous articles on the topic, so it brought me nothing new.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
no substantive knowledge at allThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A little bit tedious/monotonous course. It has some useful tips and tests for beginners in Personal Time Managment.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not recommend you to waste your time. Planned course activities for a week - just 13 minute speech of the lecturer, telling absolutely banal things and a few questions. Absolutely useless.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Useful only to new professionals, I learned nothing newThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is too basic content, I can't imagine an specialization with material that basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The information is probably great, but the instructor speaks way too slowly in the videos and it's very difficult to listen to. I switched to reading it as a transcript but that generates as a .txt file which is also very difficult to read as it's not broken into paragraphs.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is very interesting, but with only 15 minutes of video a week, it is really not enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very simplistic concepts and tactics which are already known to most of us who have been working for a while. It might be useful for somebody who is just starting to work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It should be helpful for people who are not working yet or is about to start they first job. It is only the basic to get the idea of how to organize the work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is less informative and systematic than I expected. Although some time management tools are provided, the course is in general loose rather practical.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't learn much new concepts or working tips that I didn't know before taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic and obvious things. It's not really useful for anyone older than high school student.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The provided material is good, but not good enough to be called a 'course'. It seems more like a 'talk', not a 'course'. I suggest to add more materials, or merge with other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teaching should really be improved.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course does not offer very useful material. The instructor speaks too slowly and it takes her a long time to explain simple ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunatelly I did not get anything from this course. The course was based on a few obvious tips you get from any self-help or management book.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I dont recommend this course to anyone.The course content is not up-to-the mark.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
nice idea, but too short, shallow and with too few practical examples.Also a review of some software out there would have been handyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is more like a one hour lecture than an actual course. I was hoping for more content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some things are useful, such as the table "task list", but I would say there isn't enough of this type of help. It would be better if there were more tables like that.Also, more information and help is needed on how to accomplish multitasking. Unfortunately, multitasking is necessary in many environments, from office to home, and even a housewife has to multitask. One of the most important aspects of multitasking that was not covered and that is really needed is how to multitask in a situation of "housewife" type of work. Examples of this include engineering, molecular biology, chemistry, work in a lab in general etc. You constantly need, like a housewife, put something for a chemical reaction (or start laundry, or put a cake in the oven), and then you have to wait for the chemical reaction to occur. And during that time when you wait, you need to keep this ongoing "laundry" task in your head, so that you don't forget to take it out later on time. And when there are more than 3-4 tasks like that, and they all have this "pick me up and start on me later" thing, they are all in your head and they take up all your memory and resources. And the worst part is, it's difficult to schedule them, because you need to schedule not how long will something take, not in a linear fashion, but how long will multiple parallel things take. I would really appreciate it if there was something about this topic in a time management course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is not much information you would not know before taking the course. I was expecting more tips and tricks how to change well known theory to practical life.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I soon got bored with the simplistic solutions, lack of challenge, and frankly, a condescending attitude. I then took all the quizzes, guessed or surmised the answers, got 100% right, and went on to something more productive.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic and trivial information that can be easily summarized in an article. Not need for a whole course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor course. Not at all academically rigorous. Just a bunch of common sense statements. Instructor's presentation style borders on condescending.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is not well constricted to guide students.. it's only fill the gaps.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course relies heavily on self-reading and theoretical knowledge. Video interviews which are part of the curriculum are mostly not useful. Overall the course did not provide me with the value I was looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Didn't like the course though did only one week. In the first week you are supposed to write a research proposal. Though there is a lot of talk on what research is, no actual advice is given on how to write a sound research statement. What's more, with no knowledge on how to do it, you are supposed to assess the works of your peers. I doubt that inexperienced in research beginners will provide valuable feedback - at least I would never do it if I hadn't been quite experienced in that. The second week is devoted to the discussion of the importance of literature review. Isn't that obvious?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is like for kids, I think all courses must mention their target audience. Contents, Videos, talks nothing was value for time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really Didn't like the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is nicely organized and has manageable readings & videos. The video quality could be better. It's very very basic information about research. It might be useful to someone who does not know anything about it at all. The title might lead one to expect that methods of research such as qualitative, quantitative, and mixed method would be explored. Rather, this course is a general overview of what research is.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was very little actual content in this course, and I can't say I learned very much. In hindsight, I wish I hadn't paid for a verified certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Staff are incredibly arrogant bordering on aggressive. The very worst of the pontificating profession - and what we long term learners and educators know to be all too common. I couldn't stand it so I stopped. Would never recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good: The video lectures cover a nice variety of topics giving you a good introduction of journalism, ethics, and other important considerations for becoming a journalist.Bad: The entire course feels hastily put together. Some of the videos have summarizing points, which is helpful when taking notes, but they flash on the screen briefly, then cut to a closeup of the lecturer, then cut back to the summery points so quickly that you can't copy them down and it becomes super distracting.The quizzes are a joke. They usually consist of 1-3 questions with two answers each and once choice so outrageous that they don't take any thought at all to complete. You could just skip to the quizzes without watching a single lecture and "ace" them easily.The assignments are also a joke. They ask for 1-2 sentence answers max! Some of them ask you to "use more than one word" to respond. I've taken free courses on here than involve 1000 word essays and then at least you're forced to process the information in the lectures. You can pass this course without watching a single lecture and that's a travesty to Michigan State.It is full of typos and oversights that could have been avoided if they had once person run through the course as a quality control. One of the quizzes has the answer included right beneath the question as a typo! The simple assignments are described in 3 different places, sometimes with conflicting instructions. They tell you what to do and how to review your peers in one section and then the actually assignment has different instructions on what to do than the page prior so you end up unsure of what the assignment actually wants you to do. For example: the final assignment at firsts asks you how to engage with your audience, and then you click next and the SAME question is now asking you how you distribute content. Did they even try??In Summery: The content in the lectures are a good but shallow overview of journalism, but don't expect to be challenged to do anything but fill in ovals and regurgitate questions.Not too much to learn here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
repetitive.. long.. too academic... unnecessary terms.... The instructor voice is annoying after 2 minutes. Blah.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was difficult to me! I think that 's more appropriate to whom is already familiarized with the terms and concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I need more practical example related to mentioned theories and concepts in lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much focus on portfolio investments topic. Would expect more on modeling principles in broader context.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
:The course capstone was very disappointing. it has nothing to do with business and financial modeling, it is nothing more than a very questionable portfolio construction exercise on optimized weights and parameters. Not only such a portfolio is pretty unrealistic, but it has nothing to do with business modeling!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seemed like the Capstone was rushed and turned into an Investment Management course...I signed up to practice business finance modeling not investment management. The instructors did not present any further information and referred students to third-party resources (ie, Investopedia and Youtube). Many students in the forums voiced their frustration. Disappointing course with little added value, and in my opinion, hurts Wharton's image.Overall, the Wharton Online Business Finance Modeling Specialization is not worth the ~US$550. If I could I would ask for a refund.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lessons are not very clear and have almost no examples. To make matters worse, the discussion forums were closed so you could not ask anything to clarify things, so it was very difficult to learn things here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quality of the video and sound are bad; a few minutes after starting a lesson, sound goes off or picture holds and moves no more... This made me stop the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not enough information is provided to pass some of the quizzes without extensive additional research into organic chemistry or other topics. There is no help forum or feedback from instructorsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No forum + No email + No support whatsoever = Very frustratingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
HiFirst of all I just want to write I have a background in mechanical engineering and I know the working principles of solar cells quite well. I just wanted to check out this course.I started this course but I find that it is very difficult to concentrate. I tried pinpointing exactly what the problem was and I came up with following:There is too much talking and not enough going on visually. I know you have a person in front of a white screen, and a few visual effects such as floating words and diagrams. It is just not working for me. I have a hard time remembering what you said. I can pause and go back again which is always nice but the info still doesn't stick. This especially true for the LCA part, which I don't even think is a difficult concept to grasp.I think the best courses I have seen online is not particularly rehearsed and it is usually just a guy, with a pen, running you through some examples to illustrate the working principles. Afterwards they do an everyday life example. I find that these courses always help me a lot.I am sorry about the 2 stars but I hope you see it as a room for improvement. It is probably a first time for you guys to use an online platform as a media so it will take a couple of iterations to get it right.I did like when you illustrated Isc and Voc in terms and abbreviations. More stuff like that, possibly also with an electrical diagram etc and som flow analogy.If I can propose anything it would be to organize it a bit more like Michigan Universitys Python learning series. I think it is quite good and the assignments are also challenging but you learn a lot.Anyway thanks a lot for the course. I hope you will find a way that works.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Where is the material? There is nothing under any of the weeks lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I started the course with high hopes, and i was beginning to enjoy the subject matter. But it became very tough for me to continue because the sound in the videos was not very clear. It became very difficult understanding what the instructors said, either because the placement of the mic was not very good or the instructors were not speaking very clearlyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely light on information, no discussion forums.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not worth the money. The material is weak ,and the peer-grading process is very casual.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good idea / intend, horrible execution.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Quizzes are written in a very tricky way. It's supposed to be a course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course provides fundamentals as advertised, but the delivery was not impressive. For example the lecturer's speech interrupts, changing words and thought-flow. Examples given were not well thought-out, for example HR was said to be hard-set because it was "outsourced" which doesn't make sense. Another example would be where the lecturer said that "stand-up meetings" mean no body is allowed to sit down?! Generally, seems to me the course was filmed in a hurry and wasn't delivered good enough for a rating above the basic fundamental two stars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not aligned to PMI. Should be ideally directed towards helping prepare for recognized certifications like PMP, Prince2 etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I enjoyed the other courses in this specialization, but the capstone was disappointing. The course was not very structured and did not draw from the other courses in a substantial way. It was often difficult to see how the readings related to the projects. The course could use a lot more curation and direction.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The whole course is nice and there were lot of new things to learn. I am not from an IT background but still found it very useful. However the capstone was a bit of disappointment. I believe they should have included some teaching authority to check the Capstone projects for my better understanding. The whole capstone is reviewed by peers which is great but as per certification I believe there should be some professional help too. I even tried to speak to someone over the phone but there was no number available. I ended up with chatting with some one on the help center but that was not very helpful either. The course content for operation analytics and People Analytics were indeed very useful. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As others have said, the first four courses were good - I learned a lot from the videos and materials. However, the capstone project was a waste of time. Why a company failing in its industry was chosen as the focus is beyond me. In addition, the concepts learned in the previous four courses were only about 1/3 of the requirements of this capstone project - the problem statement and strategy portions could have been done without having taken the four previous courses at all. This seemed like a very generic project with almost no collaboration between the professors who taught the previous four courses. I expected a lot more from a Wharton-led course - very disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The preceding courses were interesting and helpful. This capstone project lacked substance. The project did not allow itself to apply many of the concepts learned throughout the course. It's almost exclusively about customer analytics. I would not be surprised if Yahoo! worked with Wharton and Coursera to launch this course in order to crowd-source ideas on how to turn around the company.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was terribly underwhelming. There is no interaction from the Wharton staff, nothing that connects this to anything learned in the specialization, and nothing that even resembles a case study. Grades are subjectively assigned on a very narrow grading scale by peers and the format of the assignment doesn't allow for enough explanation to develop a thesis. of Any information given to the student is from magazine/newspaper/journal articles without data and we are tasked with identifying a business solution to a problem with little context. Very disappointed in this offering. After taking the Data Analysis specialization offered through Duke University I know what a capstone course should be and this course is so far from that it should be removed from the course catalog.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was disappointed by the Capstone. I expected we would get some data set we would use to apply the analytics skills we learned. Instead we got an "open-ended" problem description with few if any input on Yahoo's operations. The only data available was public data (e.g. annual report, executive interviews, etc.).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Provided nothing of value or relevance to the previous courses. Additionally there was essentially no input from Wharton instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
From my perspective, the individual courses that made up the "Capstone" (people, customer, accounting, and operations analytics) were both educative and interactive. These individual courses contained data focused problems and gave a general overview of the specific field.However, the final "Capstone" project was entirely disappointing and something I even plan to complain to Coursera about. After having a two month delay, the course not only lacked any direction, but seemed to be put together last minute without any real thought or plan. The entire "Capstone" was driven by hypotheticals, almost all of which did not have any relevance to the past four courses. An educated individual could easily complete this "Capstone", without any knowledge whatsoever from the previous four courses. The "Capstone" provided a few articles and videos related to the issue (Yahoo Ad Blocker) to help us solve the problem, but clearly the course heavily lacked content. I was expecting the course to contain hypothetical data for us to interact with and predict how the Ad blocker problem and our proposed solutions would drive the data of Yahoo's business. However, the course merely was driven by complete hypotheticals that only required one to be educated about general business functions. This "Capstone" hardly related to the previous four courses, and it is a scam that this course cost $99.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't like the professor's teaching style. He took way more time than was necessary to get his points across. Plus the little quips where he's pretending to engage with the viewer made it feel like a kids show. There were some good nuggets of info, but there was too much filler to get to it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For a course that requires you to work on your own project, it still forces you to follow a code skeleton outline. This limits the freedom with which to tackle the project's issue. There is not much guidance or support from course organizers, which makes this course not very educative.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course is very basic, provides a lot of information that's not really practical or useful. i suppose someone who's seeing internet for the first time would find it informative, but not very engaging. as for the majority of those who use coursera to self-educate it would probably seem a bit too much of stating the obvious. also I'd like to mention the delivery of the information - its a text that's read aloud. nothing more - well, thanks for that. I can read faster than I can listen to a video. if you're making a video - make it worth actually WATCHING.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The student needed to have a good foundation of statistics and high levels of math to be able to follow the class. I have not taken statistics or trigonometry in many years so I struggled. I would have benefited greatly if there were more examples of how to calculate the models, including the calculations part of it. The professor did not do that and that got me wondering (not knowing) how to calculate the formulas. I think if I had seen a few examples, it would have been enough to understand and keep up.So, more step-by-step instructions on the mechanics of formulas, would be my biggest recommendation.But the professor did a superb job explaining the concepts, and showcasing some industry applications of the models.Thank you for asking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its good for the starters but touches very few and very basic concepts. No offense, but the professor could have made it much more interaction by making the better slights he would just read values without even using markersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Personally, did not like the pace of the course. The course can be a bit more interesting with real-life case studies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Just the basics. No concrete explanations of models. You have to study them on your own.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A first year undergraduate student can pass thisThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not intend this to be mean, but I could not listen to Richard Waterman. I am British and I understand that Richard was born in the UK but spent a great many years in the US. If he had a BritiI really struggled to listen to him as his accent crosses the Atlantic several times a sentence. I found I couldn't listen to WHAT he was saying because I was so distracted by HOW he was saying it. I am sorry, there is probably nothing that he can do about it and the course looked very interesting but I simply could not bring myself to continue.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very easy and somehow less impacting on real business problem. I hope this Microdegree will get into some kind of complexity otherwise will remain high school level.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic and the lectures are short in duration. Not what I expected from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Really superficial overview, I suppose it's good for just familiarizing oneself with assigning the appropriate model, but to shallow for any real carry over to the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is poor. Exams are too easy, video lessons are boring and not engaging. Content is poor too. Did not like the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I liked the course because of its format and material. Basically it was comprehensive.I did not like the presentation and lack of practical examples. I had to force myself to concentrate at times and search other sources for more detailed insight.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Great explanations provided by Prof. Waterman, however for the price of this course (in my view quite expensive) the materials available are quite poor (e.g. the formulas shown in the pdf slides are a mess, not a mathematical summary, etc), and the level of the quizzes is very basic. I would have expected much more from a course coming from Whaton.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You will learn nothing from this. The teacher is useless and you only get peer-feedback. While I usually love peer feedback, I lost all interest so quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There was little of actual teaching going on in this course, the pace was too rushed for beginners and peer-reviewing was managed so poorly it was unhelpful.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this course will make you write a script... and that's it, if you want to LEARN how to write a script, don't take this course.This course just push you to write a script without clearly teaching you what to do, if you want to learn, look for another course (I took one from futurelearn.com while in this course, it's free, this one is a waste of money if you pay)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This isn't a CLASS it's a workshop.Thank goodness for fee waivers; I would have been so upset if I had spent my money on this course. As someone who has taken Coursera offerings in the past, I cannot cosign the quality of this course.This class seems to suffer from both a lack of structure and time. I believe if the course was longer (allowing for more space between unguided assignments) the class would be a little better. I understand that the Instructor is barred by time constraints (this is only a five week course, and an opt-in one at that), so I do relate to not wanting to inundate the class with reading assignment and lengthy lectures.That said, the guidance and lessons are lacking-- even if the class was longer, I would still only give it 2.5/5 stars.It appeared that the onus was on the Mentors to provide answers; for example, the professor mentioned that our scripts are meant to feature half hour pilots. This left many students writing dramas rather than comedies at a loss, since they were planning for hour long pilots. (This, again, is partially an issue of the class being so short; more time to review = the option to have longer pilots, rather than only accepting half hour pilots in order to allow students to review five different submissions within three days.) Since half hour dramas are unconventional, I asked one of our mentors, JZ (who is great) for examples.The responsibility should not be on the Mentors to find out-- information like that should be included in the prompt; if not discussed in depth, then at least as a link or list of examples to research on your own if you have the time + desire to do so. Especially since the assignment boils down to "break convention with no examples of successful scripts in this fashion." In a class presumably allowing beginningeres/greenhorns to participate, this is irresponsible and flawed teaching.The same goes of the "hints" that are periodically posted (though again, appreciated!) by mentors in the forums-- those definitions and explanations should be included in the meat of the class, not as supplemental elements. In all honesty, if I didn't have prior experience with writing, I oftentimes wouldn't have any idea what was being discussed by the professor. (And one trip through the forums will illustrate that I am not the only one.)The assignments and due dates are oddly crunched together (another time constraint issue, I understand), but the Instructor's videos seem to imply that we should be receiving feedback before proceeding each time? Maybe in a longer course that would work, but here, I didn't even receive written feedback initially, so it would have been a mistake to wait for some to revise by before forging ahead.If this class isn't going to provide a solid foundation to build on, then it should be made clear, upfront. There is nothing wrong with an experience based / motivation-focused class, but that aspect needs to be transparent. "We will not provide 101 teachings/readings." This isn't a class; it's a workshop. It's a makerspace at best. I expected insight and some level of instruction.In one of the lectures, the Instructor literally says:"I'm not a big fan of some of the classic story structures, defining in what must happen in each act. Or the problem, the twist, the resolution, rising action, denouement, fine action, etc." He does not define these terms, nor allude to them ever again. These are key benchmarks in screenwriting. Definitions would be helpful for someone just starting out, even if the Instructor doesn't strictly want us to abide by them. His students should leave the class more informed than when they came.Unless you're lucky and receive a response from a mentor or someone with visible background in script writing, the reviews don't amount to much, because very few enrollees seem to know what is going on enough to provide a meaty assessment. That is the fault of the course, I think, rather than my peers. Likewise, The grading system here is atrocious because of it; few people understand the foundation, and thusly don't know how to format or structure. So to then be graded on a purely pass or fail basis (that, looking through the forums, many students weren't even AWARE of until the first review grades rolled in) is ridiculous. And I am saying that as someone that scored 100% on both assignments that I did stay to complete, so this is not a case of sour grapes, but an observation of inefficiency.I understand that the class is based around "Active Learning", but for active learning to work and bear fruit, students should be able to engage with/analyze/synthesize/evaluate/build upon class content. Which necessitates actual, meaningful content. Content beyond my fellow confused peers, and 2 minute videos illustrating various ways of saying "Write Something Interesting and if it isn't Interesting, people won't care." Not exactly an astute observation that we couldn't glean anywhere but this course.Honestly, my 4th Edition copy of "The Screenwriters Bible" is five times more helpful than this course, and it is about six years out of date.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry, but I have taken many courses on Coursera and this is, without a doubt, the absolute worst. This isn't minimal teaching, it's practically nonexistent. Frankly, buying a book would at least give more guidance than tossing one-minute 'lectures' out there and having students blindly fend for themselves under the guise of "experimental learning".Plus, you then have an all or nothing grade system - there is no middle ground, just pass or fail on an assignment that had little to no instruction or examples listed to begin with.I'm truly surprised that Coursera agreed to allow this course as it is. I suggest that the instructor and team see how other instructors at universities are teaching their Coursera courses. Just because something is free, it doesn't give free reign to be lazy. If I had paid for it, I would have asked for a refund. This entire course needs a serious revamp.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
What a lazy excuse of a course. Why would you call it a course? Just call it "Start Writing" and put it on a blog. No guidance, no tips, no effort whatsoever. Without any guidelines, how does review from a fellow novice help? It's like blind leading the blind.I'll go with the minimalist style of this course and use just one word to describe it: Rubbish.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I should suggest my fellow Coursera students not to waste their money and time for this course. You'll learn a lot more than this course has to offer if you consult some websites with screenwriting tutorial blogs, read books and write on your own.I am a PhD student of theoretical film studies and and a fan of Coursera courses. I was eager to learn screenwriting as an interesting hands-on course. Well, it's project-based alright, but where's the real guidance??This is a lazily designed course with poor content and almost zero guidance. The videos are very short and feels like a layman is trying to motivate you to write something, that's all. No methods explained other than some terminologies like bible, acts, outline being thrown at you. No examples, no comparisons, no detailed approaches.Lastly, scriptwriting has a significant difference with other humanities course. Being peer-reviewed doesn't help here -- a total novice can not effectively judge another newbie's work nor give them quality feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is no instruction with this course. If you've never written a script before you're not going to get a lot of help here other than researching things yourself, which you can do without this course. Not to mention, the feedback is minimal and not all that helpful. For example. if i've never written a script, what value am I to someone else who has also never written a script. And what value is their feedback to me. I signed up to get some experience and to also get feedback from those more experienced than I. I'm less interested in what my peers have to say and more interested in the feedback of the instructor who has years more experience than most of us. To pass assignments off of 4 or 5 peer reviews is worthless. There's no value in that. What does the instructor think??? Would HE pass us? He occasionally drops a line in the discussion forum, but no direct feedback to the students.I think this class should have a cap on enrollment so that the instructor can actually review and provide feedback to the students. Joke's on anyone paying $49 to essentially teach yourself. This guys just sits back and "moderates" when he can.The best thing about this class is that it does force you to write, but beyond that, it's not helpful at all. Truly disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor says in the first video: ”you do not need to read a book on how to write a script” – in my opinion YOU DO! Better to read a book or two than waste your time on this course; the videos are extremely short, shallow and a waste of time!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No significant instruction/teaching provided. Appears to function only as a self-directed workshop, which doesn't teach the craft itself. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There isn't any real teaching happening. I guess this isn't a course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No real teaching attempted in this course, as far as I can see...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a let down and not up to par with other courses in the series.Huge amount of time is wasted bsically repeating that the API is close to scala collections'. The huge amout of time is wasted again on very simple dataframe APIs including several slides presenting the show() function. Allow me to repeat : several slides presenting the show() function.Finally the assignments are unimaginative and mechanical. The desciption is really confuse and most of the time is spend trying to chase small differences away to please the grader.The sole part of the course that seemed interesting was the shuffling one, that was unfourtunately ignored on the assignmentsNot related to the course but to spark: What utter mess are dataframes and datasets filled with boilerplate type conversions and runtime erros. I shy away in disgust form this untyped IDE-unfriendly monstruosity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't know what happened but it seems they had technical or some other problem while preparing this course. Some assignments were more oriented to solving marginal problems then using Spark and distributed and parallel computing. And that is really annoying. Previous 3 courses were great, maybe this one will improve.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course material was pretty good, but the lectures were hard to watch. Lots of editing problems, and blurring on the text (gave me a headache several times). Would rate higher if the videos were improved.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Slow videos repeating several times the same thing (not a pedagogical / "good to fix an idea" kind of repetition), which makes them hard to follow.However the worst are the exercises: the first time after 3-4 other Coursera Scala related courses where I have to actively check the forums for minute details about what is expected / implied for the solutions to pass the grading.Things like what to do when updating the kmeans and you have duplicates, subtle differences between average and mean, etc. ...In all other courses the expectation of the exercises were sufficiently clear and straight forward that I never had to check the forums to solve them.Also, the code style of the exercises is literally an anti-pattern in idiomatic Scala, against everything learnt in the previous Scala courses: "var" all over the place, low level loops like in C or Java, etc. ...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Felt somewhat light on substance.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely superficial. The total content in this course would make a nice introduction segment to a full course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad one. Most of the time he was only giving what is their in the course Mooc 1 2 3etc etc. IrritatedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
a little bit old, and too many references to others coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not that much techniques to learn just general course about social media,So it's not cost effective !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not recommended for medium or advanced users. As the name says this is just an introduction in Social Media, so if you are already using it you don't have much to learn from this one. I look forward to the other courses from this Specialisation for more in depth content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are no clearly defined learning outcomes at the start of each video which are cramped with stats and facts and statements such as "you will learn more about this in mooc 2" and "this will be talked about extensively in mooc 3". As a learner its confusing to know what to take out of each video.The extend to which students are used to promote the course by prompting them to tweet about the videos is a concern. Ones or twice is okay. But every time?The assignment is a miss - students should be given a choice whether they want to focus on marketing their professional personas or marketing their business.I can summarize MOOC 1 in one sentence. Social Media is big and therefore business must change the way they do marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the content itself is somewhat too theoretical, it does not usually apply to the realityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Instructor was good. Content of whole program was focused on analytics. Perhaps a better title for this course is Social Media Analytics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic for the cost it represents, it doesn't really provide information beyond what one could find on a simple review on the first page of Google.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The informations were useful, but the videos were repetitive. This whole course had the amount of informations as one week of many others. If it was free I would have no complaints, but since it is part of a specialization, I expect more. Removing all the fat each week would have 10 minutes worth of material.Also I did not appreciate the length at which the speakers promoted their books.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This class was so boring I could not stand it. Social Media Marketing is such a fun + interesting subject that I could not BELIEVE they could make it so dull. Disappointed!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content was very shallow. Not lot of hands onThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wished it to be more hands on, more practical but unfortunately is like reading a book about social marketing. I am disappointed...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I still don't have a grade and need help!!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very basic content, the content in this 5-week course accounts for similar volume as only one week in courses from other universities.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is pretty old considering how fast this field changes,The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course lacks real example and full of theory. It lacks steps of what actually needs to be done to achieve SEO.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not sure how this course is usefull.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not bad for who have never met the SEOThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is good. But you need to pay to be able to answer quiz. In other courses of that specialization track you even need to pay to do peer assessments. It is a shame that education and securing the learn success seems not to be the focus anymore - it seems that focus turned towards monetization.So before taking the course be aware that you can not get a participation rate of 100% due to locked quizzes, which will only be unlocked once you paid.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It provides a broad overview, but materials are not very refined and the course does not provide a good structured approach to the subject. At least it did not for me, leaving me wondering as to what next steps could be if I wanted to explore further.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
after watching so many videos like "how i got started on seo" "how to find a job as seo" "how to answer in an interview for SEO jobs" I've realized this course really needs to focus on what people wants to hear. We want to learn SEO not how someone got started on seo!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good content, but blocked quizes in free version is bad idea.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
An evaluation is always tied to the value it provides in relation to the paid price.On the plus side:1) It provides an interesting historical perspective of Search Engines, their evolution and the evolution of the algorithms and their purposes.2) Rebeka May talks slowly and clearly. The transcripts also help in reviewing the contents of each lesson.On the minus side:1) It is very theoretical and with no practical application.2) Lots of terminology pops out of the blue without any prior explanation, and would be difficult to understand for a total newbie. Just as a very simple example, backlinks are mentioned several times. What is a " backlink" ?? I know what they are, but not everybody does.3) There should be real support material, not merely " transcripts"4) The Peer review does not make any sense. There should be a real test. The peers do not have a "higher" knowledge level to make an evaluation of the alummni.5) It is not possible to take the quizzes unless you " upgrade" . Presently this costs $ 80.Conclusion: it is an interesting course, but at $ 80 provides no value.Audit the course instead. UC Davies and Coursera should provide this course free of charge or with a voluntary "donation"The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I failed to figure out how to translate the theory (presented in the lectures) into practice (the only assignment, a website audit). I would have benefited from another application assignment that was a stepping stone to the full-blown audit. Information was interesting, but not sure this is a good course for someone new to the nitty gritty of SEO.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a web developer, I found that I already knew about 98% of the information presented. The final 2% I could have found faster via a Google search than by watching the lectures. It was also a little strange to me that the course began with a segment on job opportunities and how to begin a career in SEO. I feel this would have made more sense after an introduction to the material.I also did not like that the free version of the course did not allow you to complete any of the assignments, as this has not been the case in my other Coursera courses. Not only were you unable to assess your comprehension of the material because of this, but also it meant receiving annoying emails and notifications that I had not completed the module. In other classes I have taken, there are additional resources and content for the paid users. As it stands, I'm really glad I did not pay for this class.I will continue to the next SEO course, because I'm hoping that it will delve more into the technical aspects of optimization, but I am not pleased with the format so far.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately, this wasn't what I expected from the course. Maybe since I didn't take specialization but I feel that this course was too theoretical. I understand the history of SEO but I'm not confident how useful it'll be in real-life/commercial sense.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seems to me the professor needs to study evolution a bit more or change his language a bit. For example, he said, "Evolution happens for a reason." I know what he meant- that the success of the organism is served by the results of gene mutation - but evolution is a RANDOM event. The success of an organism depends on its survival in the habitat, etc. but it does not depend on the mutation itself. The mutation confers a fighting advantage, perhaps, but it has no will of its own. There were many times the professor seems to be saying that evolution is somehow willful. I direct him to read Richard Dawkins on this subject. I had to read it twice before I got this point - we are inclined to believe that evolution is a lot like us - driven by some purpose - but, alas, no.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have a negative opinion of the structure of this course. It is not laid out in a format that I, a native English speaker, understood. The interviews and recorded lectures were not adequate or sufficiently rehearsed. The gentleman that drills his own cavities in his home workshop was most annoying and pointless. Looked at the ceiling Buddha 97% of his screen time.The reading was too disjointed and the book on Mindfulness is really more commercial and repetitious that one would expect of a course in Coursera. Professor Wright is too laconic, phlegmatic and unengaging. I wrote the assignment for week three but there were no instructions on how to convert a document in textedit (Mac WP) to the course submission page so that was a total crash for me. I would never recommend this course to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was attracted to this course because it offered the science behind Buddhism and I am studying neuro-science. I have abandoned it as it is yet an other exposition of Buddhism. Neglible science, neglible evidence - just stuff I already knew from non-scientific Buddhist sources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Video after video of lengthy lecture with little variation. It's a long content dump with just two peer-reviewed assignments. If this is the best online Princeton can do, count me out.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Worst course I have ever seen on Coursera. Such a shame, as the subject is very exciting, and the 'lectures' in the first couple of weeks are a monotonous jabble.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A waste of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Smile on the face of professor is missing, otherwise 5 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very very introductory. This course explores the Buddhist theory of suffering and liberation by comparing it to evolutionary psychological theories.It is not a deep course on Buddhism - it lacks any substantive discussion of differences between Buddhist schools, of the difficulty of reconstructing the "historical" Buddha (a problem as difficult as reconstructing the "historical Christ"), of the fact that Buddhism as popularized in the West is actually quite different from any of the Asian forms of Buddhism, etc.Also, evolutionary psychology is controversial in its own right - one criticism of it is that it creates "just-so" stories about the origins of mental processes that are impossible to verify (or falsify). These objections are well known, but are not confronted in the course.A scholarly much sounder and deeper course is the one on Tibetan Buddhism from University of Virginia. It suffers from truly appalling presentation (the video lectures are some of the most boring I have ever watched), but the diversity of angles from which Buddhism is examined, and the depth of content are really outstanding.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
All lecture, no use of mediaThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am just not feeling this course. I have done up to week five and still am not hooked. Sorry!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A bit thin on the psychology. References are not hard to find and post in Resources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Due to change from xcode 7 to 8, important parts of these lectures are outdates. Hence, it get complicated to follow the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Material for the course is outdated.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Without a doubt the worst course I have ever taken anywhere. When the instructor, who is supposed to be teaching you how to write iOS apps, takes (no exaggeration) SIX minutes to even figure out how to open XCode, you know you're in for a rocky ride. Still, I stuck with it for three more weeks. To my horror, the course only got worse from there.This course was clearly thrown together with a minimum of effort by someone who is not qualified to teach the subject. It's an insult to Coursera customers, and a major failure of quality control.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material and videos are so poor, and low quality, I am happy to not have bought this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
$450 for this course and they can't even bother to make sure that the quizzes are scored correctly? Two weeks back to back and one question each week has been counted wrong when answered correctly. That, paired with the fact that your only method to have an assignment graded is via peer review means that I'll be suggesting peers save their money on this course. It's entirely possible that you could be stranded with no one to grade your work - Coursera's suggestion if this should occur is that you should beg on the forums - or transfer your work to a later session of the same course. Good content, awful policies intended to allow the platform to be hands-off for Coursera - that's unacceptable at this price.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content is very condensed - but fine.However, you need to pay to do the quizzes and even the peer assessment - something where you are contributing by reviewing other participants work. Charging me for supporting other participants and supporting a 'learning community mindset' seems ridiculous to me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found the assignment quite difficult as I felt that what we were asked to do was not possible. At least not with Accuracy. No matter how many web pages I tried to analyse and with how many different free tools I seemed to come up with the same 2 issues.....if the page was performing badly (which was the type of page we were recommended to choose) there was not enough traffic to it to gather any information/demographics. However even when I chose a popular page I was unable to obtain the requested information because it was not my website so I was not entitled to view this information - again returning zero results. So I am a little confused as to how we are expected to answer (truthfully?!) questions such as:Who are the main visitors? Where are they from? Where did you obtain this information???The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor grading system. Based on 2 peers' "subjective" points of your week4 analysis assignment, even if you digested all the materials and received 100% on quizzes all weeks, you will have to repeat taking this course endlessly. At first I thought I did not analyze thoroughly so on my second session, I basically rewrote the whole assessment, followed by samples passed students gave me, also making sure I covered all the points the instruction asked me to cover, peer gives me 1 or 1.5 point for writing persona with little detail. I wrote 350 words persona, with stories and demographic of my target audience. Because I am 2.5 points short or so, I have to take this same course for the next round session for the third time, wait it it reaches week 4, resubmit my analysis that is now edited for 4 times. There is no clear guideline, format, or even sample provided, but the grades are left to the peers. Some pass with less than 300 word analysis with a lot of charts and pictures. I did as well but wasn't lucky at my first round so I developed 3 pg. analysis all in words to make it look like a true analytical report, didn't pass again. I do not know what this instructor is looking for as a form of assessment/analysis paper, and only those who are lucky enough to meet sensible peer graders pass. Waste of time, waste of money no one wants to spend lifetime to get a certificate especially when one knows what he or she is talking about.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It was OK. There is nothing you will gain from this course that you can't get in a single 1/2 hour youtube video instead of 100 2 minute videos here. The assignments were questionable and the examples used in the first assignment at least no longer exist.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good content, but blocked quizes in free version is bad idea.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The material is interesting and new, on that part the instructor is doing a good job.What is really VERY annoying about this course is the fact that in case you have questions/problems relating anything of the course material and you (as said by the instructor) post them to the discussion forums, there is COMPLETELY NO REPLY neither from the instructor, nor from the Coursera.There were obvious mistakes in one of the quizzes and lots of students were posting and discussing this in the forums (as this was actually preventing students from passing the course), but there was no answer whatsoever.I find this very unprofessional, especially because of the fact that this was a paid course. I do not know (and I also do not care) who is responsible for this - Coursera or the instructors, but this is something that should not be present in any of the courses on Coursera.I liked the first course very much, but the mentioned part of the second course was so annoying that I really would not recommend taking this course to new students.Sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor. Full of errors in videos and quizzes (which affect final grade), no response from course organizers in the forum to multiple complaints from learners, and extremely thin on content. Could have been merged into the first course of the specialization (Introduction to SEO).I've taken $49 one-off certificate classes that provided 4-10 hours of content for 6-8 weeks; for this course I was charged $119 for 1-3 hours of content for what was supposed to be 4 weeks. I completed the course in a couple of days and felt like I learned more from free resources like Moz. Complete rip-off and easily the worse course of the half dozen I've taken on Coursera on various topics. It seems like you're paying for the UC Davis name on the certificates rather than the content.In addition to all that they dropped the price from $119 to $79 per course for the specialization after I paid for it, and refuse to refund the price difference. Fine - but if I'm paying a premium price I expect much better content and service than was received.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not as well designed as the preceding courses in this certification. The instructor's lessons are poorly organized, his activities offer little value, and the quiz questions and answers are poorly written with regards to grammar and depth of knowledge. The author also does a lot of self-promotion with regards to his company, his research studies, and his book.The only positive to this class is that it progresses quickly, making the lack of quality more tolerable. Had this been the first course in this certification, I would have dropped out and looked for a better program.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course introduce you to some kind of good behaviours to apply to social media. But actually it is some kind of well manners that everybody should apply in social life. Of course it makes you aware that in both cases you should apply the same behaviour, but I found it a bit too logical...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1 star for the course, the video's are longer than needed because the instructor could be telling his stories in a more structured way. There's too much self-promotion (or maybe that's normal in the US).1 star because the final assignment gives a lot of insight, although it's on the long side.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is the least content rich of the series, so far. Seemed basic to me, but maybe that's because my background is communication and content strategy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not find this course as good as the other parts of the specialisation. There were some interesting elements there but also a lot of redundancy. I don't feel like I now have all the tools I need to do a through, structured content marketing analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a very badly adjusted curse for the Coursera frame - I've encountered several quiz questions where I was supposed to write an answer in, but this option was not activated for me.Moreover, this course is dramatically prolonged - while the information provided can be easily put into 1-2 days, a week the most, it is somehow is stretched into 5 weeks. Taking into account that the course in a list of measures for a successful weight loss, it's justified to provide the strategies sooner in order to help those willing to start losing weight start doing that. The remaining 5 weeks would be great to help the students track their progress and get some peer-support.The system of not being able to submit any assignment or quiz until you pay for the course is vastly uncomfortable. the ability to self-check the weeks passed should be provided otherwise.The assignments for peer-grading are unnerving - how should peers grade my weight-goals? This is a direct ground for further body-shaming.The course is unfortunately very primitive and lacks further user-friendly design and review.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this information is very dated - Calories In/Calories Out, High Carb/Low Fat, recommending exercise to lose weight, vegetable oils recommended/animal fats denigrated . . . . so many recommendations that have little 'science' behind them, and which have not produced good results for 95% of the people who have used them. I've lost weight with a lower calorie diet and exercise, so, yes, it can work, but it is very difficult. I've kept it off easily for two years with a high fat/low carb eating plan. I've changed my exercise to mostly Pilates when my weight stabilized and I enjoy it enough to stay with it. knowing how difficult it is to stick to a low fat/high carb diet - which causes me to struggle with cravings, even when I am eating unprocessed organic seasonal local food - I hate to see a low fat diet recommended to people struggling with losing weight. I recommend "The Big Fat Surprise" and "Good Calories, Bad Calories" as an alternate view of healthy living.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think the course is great - I would give it 5 stars. However, the instructor needs to develop better teaching skill. Each lesson is not clearly defined and he rambles on about aspects, which though interesting, have little or no bearing on the course objective.As well, many of the answers to the questions on the exams are not given in the lecture nor in the badly designed slides. Nor are the answers something that could be inferred from the lecture.It is a pity, because it is such an interesting topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is interesting but topics are sometimes way too difficult to follow through. Maybe the hardest is that there are few exercises during classes to test the given information, so the grading tests become really hard to pass.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
That's terrible! I can't see any English subtitles added to this course. Besides, tests are not relevant to the content taught in the video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Proof reading needed, for the slides and for the quizzes. Overall, this is a low content course delivered in a rather boring and uninformative way.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Horrible quiz questions. I found the distractors to be too similar to the answer, what is the point in having 4 possible correct answers?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
poor quality and even worse presentation by the teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course started out with an ambitious goal for a MOOC in forming groups to work collaboratively on a social enterprise project. I found the level of interaction in the group forming forum underwhelming and immediately lost interest due to concerns that the level of interaction would only continue to diminish as the course went on. I still made an attempt to watch the course content, but found the instructor speaking more about what he planned to cover rather than actually covering anything of substance. Two stars for quality video production. Aside from that, I was unable to find much value.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Wish that there would be more insight in social entrepreneurial opportunitiesDifficult to find a group and have a platform for discussion. The discussion forum does not work as intended. There is too much noise.They course instructors should provide more information to begin with that it is essential to watch the videos and read the course material almost before the new week starts because of the fact that groups needs to be created and discussions and research with teammates have to be coordinated. It all seems rushed and not rewarding.I do not think that my outcome of this course has been significant because of the structure of the course and I regret that I have paid for all 3 courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I liked the content that was presented. There was some really good advice, like the importance of being disciplined in sticking to the algorithm you have designed. Unfortunately there was no detail at all about how to backtest, where to get data for backtesting, where to find research papers upon which to base an algorithm, etc. In other words, everything was kept at a very abstract level, and not enough detail was provided to actually do anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course material and contents are quite interesting but, grading system specially peer review method is absolutely disappointing and kills the motivation. Grading level by other students somehow looks insulting regarding the time and effort which I put to think, write, explain and make videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry, but the course is very poor. I've watched all the videos of the first week and it's mostly about nothing. And, by the way, too much stories. And I'm still wondering why simpke brainstorming is called ZiZoZi ("new" approach as it described).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much blaba, lenghty lectures, but less delivery/content. The second course (from idea to startup) is much better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course "talks" about a really important subject. - that is probably one of its key benefits.I got really passionate and worked hard on the theme, and after completing I felt that It did not gave or matched the expectations on the course name/subject .Benefits:1)Important theme ( within business context) discussed with good videos and references2)Historical perspective on Creativity is sound3)Prof. Shlomo Maital is a warm, highly informed and passionate person about the subject.4)The course in week 2 and 3 makes you think on your one key creativity processesAnd it almost stops there since the purpose of the course gets flawed by the lack of requirements in the peer review, supporting materials and forum "health" that is why the course talks does fail in training/ teaching.Key points to not advice this course - at least in the paid version - see until n.51) Lack of support materials2) Support based on the ZIZOZI book to be bought outside of the course cost3)Reading of the ZIZOZI book in the context of the course ( with some answers to the quizzes being in the book and not in the course material)4) Dive into very interesting methods made only superficially ( Da Vinci Method, IDEO pex) with needs to be explained further.5) Complete or near complete lack of requirements for the classification of the peer review, making it very flawed ( see the definition of scalability per example and how to rank it)6) Forum use and reply almost near nullnessI do expect this course to be revised deeply in its execution. ( See per example Agile from Darden to benchmark).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Extremely repetitive with little to no visual interest. Needs to be cut down to about one tenth the presentation time. There are no visual representations, no exercises and no interactivity.This is the most repetitive MOOC I have ever taken and I've taken a great many.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is interesting but at the same time quite repetitive. There are many examples in it, but they are all high level examples which are not really going into the details of the creative process.The high level process proposed is good, but it is into the details where the processes fails, and there are no detailed examples here.By far, the worst thing related to this course is the peer review. they define rules which nobody respects and the scoring system is subjective and badly defined. I really regret my decision to join this specialization and the waist of money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Repeats the same information over and overThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
While I appreciate this class for attempting to tackle a complicated topic, it was too hard for me to follow, and the peer assignment grading rubric is too arbitrary. Perhaps it is designed for those who are more analytical than myself.. Such as developers... (I am a writer). Although I liked the topic, I will not be taking more classes with this instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not really well produced for the media. Too much instruction of the teacher, few practice instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is good but the delivery is not engaging or creative enough.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its a very superficial course. It feels like the instructor is just reading out from some material. And it is not making it interesting to listen. The instructor is not putting in much effort to make student understand the concept. That's the reason for me to drop out in between the course. This course is not at all much informative and neither it is improving my grasp on the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Kind of hard to follow. Explanation isThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I would not recommend this specialization to anyone. The first assignment is just a first review of the final project, but it is almost impossible to pass, because the questions are not organized in a manner of constructive feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could not finish the course. I found the course to be boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do not want to rate this course at this stage but I would like to make the following comment in relation to the course resources and in particular the answers to the exercises in the optional text book.For students who do not have a copy of the text book, providing answers to questions from the text book without showing the actual questions is not very useful and to be quite frank, ridiculous. I would like to think that the course designers would take some sort of appropriate action to remedy this.How exactly this would be done is up to the course designers but I would suggest that another downloadable PDF document showing all the questions would be extremely useful and necessary.I look forward to a response.Regards, Trevor FarleyThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A shame it is part of the cybersecurity specialization. It is boring and full of obvious-psicology things like "passwords need to be secure but easy to remember". The instructor, at least, seems to have zero knowledge about software development. Everything we did in seven weeks could have been taught in one or two.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are many parts of the lectures that are very quiet and even with my speakers turned to max, I struggled to hear, while other parts were clear. The course is interesting, but I doubt that anyone would pay to attend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am having a very difficult time finishing this course. I find the topic dull and the content uninteresting. It is the first course of the CyberSecurity Specialization .. I hope the other courses are not like this.I rated it one star for a couple of reasons.1- I have been in software for many years and I know about software design. I would NOT have expected to have a weeks long course on software design and usability when my desire is to learn about software security. I understand its importance, but this course should be part of a UI design course, NOT in a technical CyberSecurity specialization IMO.2 - the course is all about theory, not about practical matters. Let's admit it - today's security software is not for the uninformed/experienced. Given this, again, I feel this course would be better served in another specialization about UI Design or for software design best-practices.That is my .02. I am moving onto other courses before finishing the Usability Security..... I am aware that I will have to complete this course to get my certification. This alone will discourage me from purchasing a specialization in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not learn a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is about "good practices" for user interface design. If this is what you are looking for it may be worth your time, just be aware that the "production" (quality) of the videos is among the worst courses I have taken in Coursera. On the other hand, if you are looking for a heavy Cybersecurity related course I suggest you to stay away from this one, unless you are taking the specialization in which case you don't have other choice.Content: 2.5/5Videos Quality: 1/5Practice/Theory ratio: 1/5The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly i only finished week 1. I was sorely disappointed that the quizzes were locked. I wasn't aware that if you audit the course you were not allowed to complete the quizzes as other courses offer this option. From what I gather from week 1 the course topics seems really good. I think it would be great if you consider letting persons who audit take the quizzes otherwise what's the use - I mean i could always go on youtube and watch videos on the same topics, the difference with coursera courses is that you get the opportunity to test the knowledge gained by doing quizzes and assignment. I hope you will consider allowing everyone to take the quiz. My issue above is the reason why I gave the course a 1 out of 5.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the first course that will only let you grade the quiz if you purchase the course. Highly disappointed...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course have very little to do with actual security. Most of the time you will hear about how to design applications, and what is a good design policy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was an extremely elementary and thus disappointing course. While the importance of "Usability" was rightly emphasized, the representation in terms of examples, case studies, etc. was simplistic. I appreciated having my attention drawn to the pitfalls of HCI design and the consequent failure of the corresponding systems. However, the solutions were presented as if: 1.) there are always "correct" interface/usability choices; 2.) the "correct" choice is all that's needed for the system to be optimally functional; and 3.) there is never a tension between usability and effective functioning of a system (that can't be resolved with correcting the usability).It is irresponsible to suggest, for example, that a user selected memorable password is generally adequately secure without also covering ways that an interface can guide/nudge the user to create a secure password. Wide recognition of the importance of this may be more recent than the studies covered in the course. There is nothing wrong with studying old, seminal research, even in this age of "Internet time," but I wish I wasn't left wondering what, if any, developments had occurred in the decade or so since that research took place.As for tension between usability and security, it absolutely exists. For instance, PGP encryption is a reliable way to secure information, yet making it usable remains a challenge. This is not even mentioned in the entire course. In fact, this course would leave an otherwise uninformed student believing that there are usability solutions waiting to be applied to every cause of info insecurity if the techies would just look. I wish the course had at least acknowledged that there are cases where a slight compromise on usability might be necessary for the sake of appropriate security.Lastly, for those designing an HCI for security, it is important to understand threat models. This concept is also missing from the course.===I reviewed this course (above) immediately after I finished it. I am now in the 3rd week of Software Security, the 2nd course in the Cybersecurity specialization, and am realizing that 2 stars was a generous assessment. Based on the prerequisites of the Software Security course, the Usable Security course, in its current form, is too elementary to be appropriate for people who have the experience/knowledge required for the rest of the courses in this specialization. As I explained above, the course relies heavily on decade-old research but does not cover any developments since. For instance, the usability issues covered in the studies are for ancient versions of browsers with no discussion of how the browsers and our infosec vulnerabilities have changed since those studies were published. Another example is the instructor's eschewing of password managers while many knowledgeable folks in the infosec community today recommend their use. The usability challenges of password managers and a discussion of how they might be mitigated would have been more appropriate.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Reasonable class about designing user interfaces, not much about cybersecurity.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is a course for students with little or no work experience. I've been in the industry for twenty years and found some good information, but the quizes aren't designed for experienced adult learners. Not being able to discuss with the professor why an answer is incorrect or even knowing exactly what about an answer makes it incorrect further distances the students from learning. Given that one essentially spends an extra work day each week on the course, I expected more value for my precious time. This week I decided the value isn't there. I might recommend the course for undergrad students but not for working adults.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The entirety of this course can be taught in a few sentences. If there is too great a sacrifice to productivity for the sake of security, then people will find a way around any security mechanisms in place. If something is difficult to use, then people will likely not use it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was way too basic. The instructor basically just gave us links to existing web content. Very disappointed in the course. It felt like the instructor was lazy to develop a real curriculum.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although this course is admittedly an introduction to UX, it is still very underwhelming. Priced at £39, the course materials that are spread to 5 weeks could easily be done in 1 or maximum 2 weeks. It is hard to justify that for example "week" 5 consists of a 7mins long video and a simple quiz... "Week" 4 is 15mins... Overall, I felt let down by the lack of materials and assignments (no hand-on experience can be gained, no peer -graded assignments).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very repetitive content, provide only some abstract presentation of the technics used.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Super boring & clinical presentation of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
don't waste your time, just touch supper surface about this technologies, most time just mention the name of these technologiesThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not a very informative course. A few hours' worth of reading up specs that I can also find on Wikipedia.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is gathering general information on smartphones, and tells an historical view of smartphones et OS associated.what could help professionnally is more about how to develop apps on these phones, today and tomorrow.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much version specific details.Instructor was reading slides vs explaining the technologies ( telling a story )The Quiz part cant be more lameThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is probably one of the worst courses I've taken in Coursera.Just an enumeration of what's on each version of the operative systems and few more information.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel that I wasted my time and money on this course to be very honest. Should have requested a refund when I could. The professor really doesn't put in the effort like other professors on Coursera. He is literally reading out the content on each slide. The content isn't very enlightening either, it's just facts about mobile technology and their release dates. One can read that up on wikipedia I honestly think this course should be taken off this platform so no one else falls for it as I did. If you're reading this before you enroll, don't do it, don't waste your time and money on this.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There's a lot of detailed information here, but it's surface level at best. I don't feel I have a better understanding of how smartphones work.Although I am now more familiar with the tech components of a few smartphone models and the timeline of iOS/Android OS development, I am not able to connect this information outside of base facts. I'm not even sure how the smartphone components fit together, or what they actually do.It would be a really interesting course if there were more examples, such as how smartphone components work together or a deeper comparison between the iOS and Android systems is used when discussing the development timeline of each model, instead of pure cognitive knowledge being read from a slide.Maybe these concepts are explored further in the other courses for this certificate, but as a stand alone introduction to smartphone technologies the information is poorly imparted.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course has nothing to do with "emerging technologies." The course is essentially a quick history of Android and iOS smartphones that could be learned by browsing Wikipedia.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry but this is awful. Literally just reading from some very high level slides no dept to the course. I cannot recommend this course in its current state.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I though the class focused too much on enumerating various names of technologies rather than describing them in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Honestly, this course was a waste of time. The professor seems to have gathered some information about the version history of iOS and android platforms, thrown it onto some slides, and then reads from those slides. There is no discussion of the context of those technologies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Generic history information, nothing to teach really. completed the tests about ios and android without even watching the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is certainly not an-depth look at smartphone technology. The lecturer just reads aloud the text on screen, without fleshing out the concepts therein or providing any explanation. Anybody can tell me what an acronym stands for - I want to know what these features actually do, how they work, how they're developed.I have no desire to upgrade to the whole package for this course. It's a time waster.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not So help full about Smartphone. Now aday everyone knows What is there in Smartphone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I didn't learn anything useful!I just didn't like this course at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Absolutely U-S-E-L-E-S-S, at least in the free version.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is only theory related to the evolution of the systems. How their features change over the time.I personally think that it is useless because you really do not learn anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really wonder why this should be a course at an University. It's just some sort of fact-dump of Android and iOS, which ist current, but will be outdated within four weeks (seriously).So, to keep up with this issue, it's just better to read some blogs about this or type "ios vs android" in Google.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is very annoying and he talks way too much about non important stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The video materials were very poor, they did not cover all the aspects and the explanations were very brief. The course only contained a single project, which although fun, is not enough for learning a new language. After completing this course I feel that I don't really know Swift, but I can use it. After each week you have to complete a quiz. They should replace these quizzes with project, where you write real code. I took this course for free, but I wouldn't pay for it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is a very small introduction to swift, while the last assignment expects you to be rather fluent in programming using swift. A lot of self study using the guides provided by apple and other sources is needed to successfully complete this course.Furthermore the video's indicate a lack of preparedness on part of the instructors as a lot of sentences are cut of halfway , then started a new with a new goal. All of which makes this course very hard to understand. For free it is passable, but had I payed I would sincerely regret itPart 2 is better, but still changing thoughts midway in a sentenceThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The pair review it's really not the way to go. If you don't have the horse power to check it yourself, create automated tests to pass like other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A little bit too light and not really challenging. Just a quick view of the language. The teaching team does not seems really organized : just a quick view of the language, no slide, just someone who is presenting code on screen, no real support on the forum from the teaching team.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
By far to introductory, I think that this course should be an extension of the iOS App Development BasicsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As a professional Instructional Designer, I can attest that this is the poorest-designed course I have ever seen. Regrettably, I paid for the entire specialization up-front, and I cannot get a refund or even a Coursera credit for enrolling in a different specialization.Be aware that the faculty who is the instructor of record does not participate in the course. The video lectures are poorly done, including errors and misstatements that could have been edited out, but it appears that no one bothered to edit the raw footage before uploading it.There is not so much instruction as an overview. There are no coding exercises until the final assignment, which is poorly-described and requires the student to self-teach using outside sources.There are app specializations in Coursera that appear much better-designed. Look elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course content: some Swift specific topics are shortly covered in the videos. Overall, the teaching material is very short. In the first week, students basically learn how to start Xcode. Week four contains a 15 minutes video on image processing, that's basically it for the week.Follow-up readings for week two just provide a link to Apple's iOS Developer site. That's clearly not enough for a course. Students can google for tutorials by themselves.Project: The projects mentions classes, which are not covered in the course. It was then also my impression from the peer reviews, that some students without prior knowledge were just lost.There are many great tutorials on the web which offer more insights and give students a much more fundamental knowledge than this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures are fairly light and there are no assignments throughout the course to reinforce the material. Mostly they just introduce a few concepts then point you at the Apple Swift documentation. They really don't go into much detail.The final assignment is good for getting your feet wet but is poorly specified.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course was not prepared at all, badly improvised and with no structure. I wish I could have my money back.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Videos are poorly done and leave a lot of useful details out. There is zero support from staff in the forums. If you take this course, plan on spending a lot of time doing research on external sources in order to gain an understanding of the very broad and lacking in detail videos.To improve this course, the instructors should:-provide links to at least one textbook on Swift-add Mentors to the course to help students in the forums-include a repository of code snippets for practice of the conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
ProsConciseModular based learningConsCourse needs more auto graded assignments.Lack of feedback in discussion forums.Assignment language is not very clear.Overall I prefer this course to the android specialization but not for the reasons you may think. The android development platform is more or a less a mess compared to ios. Android studio feels more like a toy than a complete product. Emulation is slow and almost un-usuable with plenty of boilerplate code required to do simple events. Xcode by comparison is very smooth and easy to use. Swift syntax is also very clean compared to Java syntax. But is not without its grievances.At the end of the day you will choose the platform you work best in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this was thefirst course i payed for and unfortunately the worst expierience.lack of content beyond the stuff in the available simple swift tutorials andfrom an eduucational pint of view afwully if at all preparedits as shame that i cannot give this "course" ZERO stars which it deserves!i should have checked the very negative feedback of the former participants before bying iti will be much MUCH more alert regarding content on coursera from now onThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed. Having coding assignments weekly would have been very helpful. The quizzes often asked for information that was never presented in the lessons. The instructors were never present in the forums to answer questions. The final project asked us to do things that hadn't even been mentioned in the course materials. I would not recommend this course to anyone. The only reason it got 2 stars instead of 1 was because I did learn some Swift.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Worst course I took on Coursera so far! It was my first course I actually paid for and it turned out to be the least useful one. The small number of exercises and videos does not justify the high price of the course. It might have been ok if they had included the iOS parts also, but charging 70 EUR for the first part alone is grossly overpriced.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although Parham Aarabi is listed as the professor throughout this specialization, it's a bit of a bait-and-switch. Prof Aarabi is an award-winning professor at U of Toronto, but it turns out he knows little about iOS and has Jack Wu teach most of the material. Jack Wu is probably a heck of a developer but he's a terrible instructor.I previously took the Android Specialization, which was excellent, so I was shocked at how bad this course was.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Having completed the assignment after many hours of trial & error; here are some suggestions for improving the class for future sessions.Increase the length and depth of the lectures so that more of the materials needed for the assignment are covered.For each week, have an optional programming exercise (not graded) but with a model answer (with explanations of why) so that students have a concrete example on which to practice key concepts on.As classes & structs are very important to completing the assignment (instead of just including the SWIFT manual chapter on classes & structs in the Follow Up Reading), include an actual lecture about this topic.Improve the description of the assignment to be completed. Be specific about what is required (e.g.; what does interface mean? Is is a User interface or is just a specified variable which can be changed in the program code? What do you mean by order of applying filters? Do you mean a variable which lets you decide order of filters and executes the filters accordingly or does the ability to manually rearranging the order of the calling of functions in the code suffice?)Improve the alignment between the assignment and the review criteria. The assignment asks for FIVE filters but there is no matching criterion in the review criteria. Based on the current review criteria, creating two filters would suffice to demonstrate ability to order and get full points for varying intensity for more than 1 filter.I hope the remainder of the modules are better otherwise I will be extremely disappointed !The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Absolutely poor. Avoid. No professor monitoring of the foThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad content and instructor. no logistic in place. if you are planning to pay to get certificate. I would suggest look else where. my $279 are stuck in here and they don't reply to forum posts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Certainly not a beginners course. You needed to have a good programming knowledge to make any sense of this course. The final assignment asked you to do things you hadn't been taught. As I hadn't done any programming for 20 years, I certainly found this difficult. Fell behind and there isn't really anyone there to help. Almost asked for a refund but decided to try to continue. I'm struggling to motivate myself into the second course. I really hope it's better than the first one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The weekly lectures/assignments did little to prepare for the final assignment. They were short and high level without any coding to back them up.It is possible to blaze through the first four weeks in a couple hours.....and then spend weeks on the final assignment because you will need to learn most of it on your own by looking through api documentation.To the instructors: If you want to see what a good "intro to language" course looks like, checkout:https://www.coursera.org/course/programming1The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's not a university standard course. It's more like introduction to introduction DIY Swift. The videos are chaotic and lack explications, examples, exercises and practical assignments. Much better intro to Swift can be found on many youtube channels or just on swift documentation website.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The initial lessons were rather chaotic. The idea was good, but the execution was not really good.The significantly improved the quality for the second course so I assume that for a new iteration, the it will be better too.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
At first the presentations are really on a semi professional level (copy & paste codes, making errors without knowing the cause). They show a lot what can be done with swift but the never show/mention what it's really usefull for (no "real life" usage just snippets after snippets).To few practical doings (mostly only quiz stuff)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a waste of time and money. I'm an experienced programmer, and I thought this would be a good introduction to Swift; it wasn't. The first two weeks were short, introductory programming lessons. Week 3, "Advanced Swift," consisted of one 12-minute video that barely scratches the surface of three separate topics.Many things that I would consider fundamentals for this type of programming course (classes, for example) were rarely even mentioned, much less taught and demonstrated.If you want to learn Swift, look elsewhere. Don't waste your time and money on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think for somebody who has no prior knowledge in this course will find it difficult to understand. I have taken some introductory courses in swift programming and were much more elaborating than this; for instance, the part "i think" in week 4 were Jack Wu explains closures, functions, enums, structs... in less than 10min, i studied that in around 5 hours atleast in other visual tutorials online. in the last lecture on image processing, the instructor gave 16minutes tutorial on manipulating image pixels and then gave a link to a website to explain everything about ImageProcessing, a much heavier topic than working with pixels, and even it was not in Swift but Objective-C which i have no knowledge in that language and it wasnt stated in the course that it was a prerequisite.final assignment is quite vague on the requirements needed by the instructor. would have prefered to have more interaction with the instructors on the assignment atleast. Im not the only one complaining about this issue, you can check the discussion in the course. I guess im fortunate that i have already studied those courses from external sources before i started here.one of the instructors speaks quite fast with alot of anxiety making it quite difficult to understand without repeating the video.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
In my honest opinion, the quality of this course is not that high. You can expect to learn some basic syntax of Swift, and that's about it. There are very little material each week, and then you get a quiz, which is not the best form of examination nor for learning. I do not recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It might be a great choice if you are already familiar with Swift programming! There is a huge gap between the week 1-4 and week 5, in other words during the first 4 weeks, you will learn about just the syntax and idea of swift programming but all of a sudden you have to write a program with over 50 lines of code.I would recommend to offer more details and more practices during the first few weeks from this course before writing a complicated program.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Should be lecture by Professor instead of BS student.The content was not well organized.Also should prepare slides and explain the Swift for more details.More exercises needed in each weeks lecture.Hopefully, this course should improve next time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please stay away from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not so impressed with this course so far, let's see the rest of the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I donot own a Mac nor a iMac and hence I wish to opt out.Apologies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Thank you for this course. It was interesting and helpful. Before.But I failed. I got bad mark and I don't know why.I have only one good comment. But I have 3 bad marks and only 2 good. I am a looser, i guess.So I hate this course, this website, this review system and this world.Thank you again.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Huge gap between videos and final assignment.Videos should be edited, we are not interested in trials and errors of the instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The Good:The idea of having the lectures in a Q&A style, two experts in continuous conversation about the topic has a potentialThe Bad:That potential is wasted on poorly planned lessons and course contentThe Ugly:Instructors run the Swift code that is written during the lesson and they get a wrong result due to an error in the code. They both agree that the result is weird but then continue to explain that this is how Swift works. In short, they are misleading and confusing you on a topic you are trying to learn.This is of course unintentional but gives you a clue about how the quality check on lecture videos are taken care of. Details here: https://www.coursera.org/learn/swift-programming/discussions/DBk-SJO2EeWNbBIwwhtGwQThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Learned more about image processing than Swift.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course should have been more thorough and should have been accompanies with good programming exercises as well..At some starting course there was also some cross talk among the instructors. The module on image processing should be reviewed as after some point it becomes sort of boring.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs major improvement. Lectures included errors in the code. While showing code in video lectures instructor was quick to delete code, not giving time for students to view and understand what had just been shown.On Dec 15, two weeks before due date of final project, large portions of all weeks of the course were changed, requiring going back through to complete these new lectures. No adjustment was made to the due date.Requirements for the final project are vague and confusing and I am not able to submit the final project by the due date in about 2 hours. If this issue is not addressed I will need to consider adjusting my star rating.This experience casts a negative impression for me on the Coursera platform and University of Toronto teaching staff.I'm disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is a rare example of how it`s not done. Presentation is unstructured.Seems to be a student project where his professor "helps" along to check certain topics the student has to include to get a good grade.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I think this course could be much better without Jack Wu, laughing every few seconds. I would except more professional approach and not videos likely taken on first shot with errors.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very knowledgeable educators.Course is given in a q&a style which is very very good for a web based course since the questions often are exactly what i want to ask.However, think the course can still be improved, especially in the following aspects.(1) examples in the course are not thought through ahead. Instead, educators came up with them on the spot. that way it may not be the best example to convey the message, plus the videos are made unnecessarily long in this way. Think it's good that for a programming course to show real time programming sometimes. But to do this all the time is a bit too much and therefore inefficient. Comparing to some other courses, think this one could really benefit if the educators could give some thought on how to teach, especially to think from a student perspective.For example: about the capability of overwriting and defining new operators, the example given was to define a knife operator and to overload plus operator to stew vegetables. Both examples do not make much sense to me. Although i did understand that it's nice that one can define his/her own operation/operator, when the examples came I actually got confused -- how do i stew vegetables with code??(2) Some of the quiz questions I don't find useful. For this course I need lots of time to complete the quiz in contrast to other coursera courses I did. This is because i need to actually read the documentation in order to answer the quiz questions since they are really in depth. In this way, to do the quiz is actually the way to learn. But some questions are quite artificial, for example, there's a multi-choice question about "what are the different ways one can find help..."(3) Finally, I find the video and the quiz very abstract. that it's very difficult to follow without making a line of code myself... Also it is not clear what the educators expect as a pre-requisite for taking this course. Sometimes things are explained as if the listeners have no programming background at all. some other time, a concept is explained so fast I wonder whether i should have known objective-C in order to follow this course...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course was the worst I have taken on Coursera. I wish I could have received a refund. The professors were hard to follow, laughed through mistakes and did not do a good job of walking through the course content. I would not recommend this course to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The quality of the course is not as I expected from a Coursera course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Probably guys did big amount of work, but the course looks extremely raw. Half of lectures time is talking about nothing and it seems that there were no lecture plan before shooting the video. It would have been ok if the course had been free, but I expected much more from it for that price.Thank you for you work, but, I think, you need to keep improving the quality of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm dropping this course because it's just SO poorly conceived. Three weeks in, and I can't really articulate what I've actually learned (which leads me to believe that the answer is "not very much"). The major problem is that this course has no clear objective. And I don't mean that the individual lessons don't have objectives - I actually mean that the entire course doesn't know what it wants to be and the instructors seem to have bypassed this critical question. I have a background in Python, and I was under the impression that this course would teach me how to program in Swift (seems like a fairly straightforward goal). But it isn't that at all. If I were to summarize this course (perhaps a little uncharitably, because I'm annoyed at the time I wasted) it would be: some dudes with a computer talk about some cool features of a programming language. I'm fairly baffled by the fact that there was no thought put into which examples might best illustrate the features they were trying to teach. Which-examples-might-best-illustrate-the-feature-I-am-trying-to-teach is pedagogy 101. They would regularly work through examples just to conclude "actually that's a bad example". This is pretty strong evidence that there was no lesson planning involved. There were also no practice exercises, no posting of pieces of illustrative code, and hence, no way to actually get good at programming in Swift (unless it's self directed, in which case - why bother with the formality of taking a course on Coursera?).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too difficult to learn for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Need to record the sessions again with more confidence and less errorsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am sure if you are familiar with the content or an expert programmer looking for an overview of a new language then this would be perfect but you do need to understand swift before starting this introduction to swift.The lessons felt very unstructured, unplanned and ad hoc almost like the people presenting didn't know they were being recorded, this meant that the examples given were contrived without consideration to the suitability to present the concept succinctly and would require anyone but an existing swift programmer needing to carry out additional reading which rather defeats the purpose of an "introduction to..." course.A little scripting and lesson planning and preparation of content would have made the difference between this excellently produced and edited course being awkward and an effort to attend into a really useful reference for beginers of swift programming.To summarise, the obviously expert technical knowledge of the speakers and the quality of the editing are let down by rushed lesson content.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Please avoid to take this course! Lessons seems to be, at least, not prepared by the teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately the course is not very well thought out. The lecture videos are poorly organized, concepts are not presented in the proper context and lack sufficient detail/depth, little thought or effort was put into designing the examples in the videos, there are no actual coding exercises until the last week, there are no examples of elegant code, nor thoughtful examples of good vs. bad code, the quizzes contain questions that are poorly worded and ambiguous (and I think some actually have the wrong answers and are contradicted by other online resources). It's very high level, and they hand-wave important concepts. I really don't see how this class can actually teach you to build a robust high-quality app. You're probably better off just reading some of the official documentation online.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After 97% of the work completed, I have to admit that this course is NOT GOOD. The instructor is not actually the professor himself, and they do lots of mistakes in the videos. You do not learn anything that helpful, and perhaps the actual Swift documentation is way more clearer than this course is.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
poorly planned, irrelevant to the subject test questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course seemed not to be prepared with anticipation. I left it because of that.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was little more than a haphazard, ambling preview of a tiny bit of Swift. There was some useful content in the class but the organization was poor and there was almost no evidence of course design or use of the teaching techniques I expected to see from a major university. The best section of the course was week 5, where they syntax of Objective-C and Swift were superficially compared. That section did give some clear opinions on why Swift should be chosen over Objective-C for new development. The other sections just contained too many confusing, unrehearsed diversions into esoteric topics to be of much use. I ended getting more out of the Apple documentation on Swift than I did from this class.However, the instructors have received ample feedback of this nature and they do seem genuinely concerned with improving the course. Assuming that they will make major improvements for the next round and noting that Coursera's infrastructure is excellent, don't be scared to take the class. The email reminders from Coursera about assignments, etc... kept me on track and kept me in the class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Submission is buggy and final assignment is confusing. Almost more than half of students failed this course because of it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not the worst, but I did not think this was a well developed course. It felt like an informal conversation between the instructors with one of them repeatedly calling different aspects of Swift "cool". It was very distracting. I also thought the tests were vaguely worded and the final assignment was long and definitely more than the 30 minutes it said it would take to complete it. I am all for difficult challenges, but it felt like the final project was badly designed/described. Un-enrolling.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Quality and length of material is mediocre.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor video quality, weak, ad hoc examples, not well thought flow. Seems like tutors have not spent time on proper preparation. Free courses on iTunesU (especially those by Stanford University) are far more better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Felt like the teachers weren't putting much time into preparation - felt random and disorganized. I didn't finish the course - I'll watch the cs193p lectures from Stanford instead.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No stars for this course, 3 modules I did, and I think is not a valuable course, gives a bad introduction to the language, there are inconsistencies in the theory and knowledge of the language. The preparation of the course is poor, there is no direction, a lot of errors using playground and the instructors hesitate and doubt all the time during the recording of the screen. That's not good point for the prestigious University of Toronto and Coursera. One star for the review is too much, no preparation, lack of security, bad quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basically a couple of guys have an unorganized discussion about swift. Little to no organization with poor coordination between lectures and quizzes.. Appears that there is no TA or course staff monitoring discussion boards... I am glad I didn't pay for the class... Disappointed though because I really wanted to learn Swift.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teachers poorly prepared, explanations ambiguous, it seems that they didn't pay attention to examples and sound of the course.I love Jack Wu written tutorials... way better than videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not as polished as most other courses on coursera. They occasionally give examples that are too small to see in the video. Most of the quizes dealt with syntax. I don't feel like any new skill was developed in taking it. If you are interested in iOS programming take the University of California, Irvine versions of this class.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish I had paid closer attention to the refund policy. The production quality and content did not meet my expectations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Lectures are careless prepared. It's really hard to follow this course without previous background in iOS development, despite it's called "Introduction To Swift Programming". There are a lot of small misleadings notes in course materials. Hope the next course in specialization "iOS App Development with Swift" would be much better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm giving just a single star. I started this course with high hopes, bailed after the third quiz as I wasn't learning anything except how to pass the quiz. Sorry, but this was a major letdown to myself and two other colleagues who all signed up to take it together. We all bailed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors are not well prepared for the course. The material are not well structured.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sadly, this course is NOT an Introduction to Swift Programming. As a beginner I found this course was not structured and I was confused about the correct steps to take in order to start programming in Swift. No doubt that these guys are knowledgable but they do not plan the course or teach in a linear fashion. Furthermore the sound and video quality is poor and I have decided to quit this course after the first week and a half.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disorganized. More than a course, it seems more like 2 students learning along with you. The lessons have 0 preparation and they come up with examples that do not work half of the time during the video itself. I do not recommend this course (and as a matter of fact, the entire specialization) to anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It seems the instructor Jack Wu didn't prepare the course material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures for this course seem unorganized and often had poor audio. The content covered in many lectures seemed off topic. Quiz questions would then focus on the off topic information making it confusing with regard to what material to focus on during a lecture. Do I focus on the proposed subject of the video or the many tangents about other topics. This combined with the unorganized nature of videos(just winging it) made the lectures distracting. The lecture videos are full of code that simply does not work in the real world and help from staff takes literally days to get(and not just over the weekend).The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course need more improvements in terms of material, presentation and execution. The two presenters format didn't work well as it made the lecture look informal. The material need better preparation and it seems at times to be ad-hoc coding. A few videos were not edited properly resulting in lengthy black screens after the presenters were done talking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I do appreciate the effort put into this course, but as a programming course it is not very didactic.It lacks structure and even the names of classes chosen for the examples seem odd.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad audio qualityPoor presentationNot for professional developers (perhaps can be fine for beginners)The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poorly prepared course. Lectutets do not have enough qualified to teach others. It's a shame to pay for this money. I do not expect this from the university of Toronto.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is poorly designed. What course on a programming language jumps first into how to use the debugger and what went wrong with a program? You are not introducing Swift, you are introducing xcode (and doing a terrible job of it). Also, I have been using xcode and Swift for 8 months now and producing some really good work, but I could only get 3/7 on your quiz because you have written questions with the purpose of tricking people instead of reinforcing or checking knowledge of the content.When you teach a new application, consider introducing the interface first. Explain what the various areas are, what they are needed for, and how to control them. This orients the user in the application and helps them to find their way around when they are trying to reinforce your teachings later.The presentation for this course is so unprofessional. It's like a running commentary on a movie instead of an educational presentation. I felt like I was listening to two geeks stuffing around and having a good time, instead of people who are professional teachers!I'm so incredibly disappointed with this course. Back to the wonderful work of Paul Hegarty from Stanford University on iTunes University and YouTube for me.University of Toronto - you should really consider what your teaching staff are doing before you unleash them on the world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I'm sorry but the presentations were very poor and unprepared.The first quiz focused on rather unimportant and stuff which was NOT PRESENTED in videos, like keyboard shortcuts etc.Do not recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
First of all I expected something deeper. First of all this courser is less understandable than "The Swift Programming Language" free book from Apple. Before I join the course I have read a few chapters and from my point of view book explains material much much better. The second point – it looks like tutors invent examples during the lesson (on the fly), this is bring a mess. And last thing about this course that tutors commit an gross error during lecture. Please have a look at "Advanced Swift" lecture, I am talking about closures. The teacher said that closure captures the copy of outside variable, but this is completely wrong! Closures capture the variable itself, not the variable valueThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am dropping the course.Suggestions1) One person talk to the audience...rather than 2 or 3 talking to each other2) Volume and pic quality poor3) Its going too slowly.....just not enough "meat" to get me engaged...esp if u compare to the course by Paul Hegarty StanfordThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It felt like amateur course. the volume was very low and was missing videosThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The professors did no prepared the classes. They make so many mistakes in the video lectures and they also laughts in the middle of the course and they send a non-professional feeling to the students. The content of the course is very good, but the proffesors could really do better.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content was thin and none of it felt immediately actionable - felt like more of a "hey isn't this cool" series of videos rather than something that could be used by a professional.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was not interesting compared to the others in the specialization. The long section on crowdsourcing seemed very unrelated/unnecessary.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've had to guess a lot of things, video explanations were not up to the level of the assignments (I don't look for easier assignments but broader explanations).the last week assignment on crowdsourcing it's cool but for example Mechanical Turk take 48hrs to validate you before you could start, so if you start the assignment on friday you'll barely make it and if you had time until saturday(because you work) you are doomed.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Assignments are not well prepared: forms are not helping either people accomplishing the assignment, or the people reviewing their work.We have to go back and forth to review the question answered in both cases (when filling-out or reviewing), and sometimes notation criteria are not clear upfront.Please review the assignments and improve them, because it was really frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Each week is a very light overview of a topic. There is little to no connection between the topics. The course is not rigorous enough. I felt at the end of the course I didn't learn anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dry and boring as hell.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
As usually Johns Hopkins offers very disappointing courses because of their boring lectures and senseless quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Without any discussion forum and at least a mentor this course has nothing new to offer than a You Tube video. There are some inconsistency in the materials as well. Alluring student by the name of UCI and giving the students the worst is hypocrisy.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I liked fun videos, some explanations and teachers. But the quality has really disappointed :( A huge amount of misprints in printable exercises, a few grammar mistakes in the answers, mistakes in the execution of the online exercises. The part about passive tenses is only about one tense Past Simple. And the whole design is really destructing! Awful typefaces, different styles, different colors. I enjoyed some explanation in videos and fun teachers, but in general, I'm really happy I haven't paid for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There is no any Discusson forums in there. It's so disappointing. I've paid for course and unable to ask questions.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A very poor course. The teacher just ask questions in order to stimulate students, but doesn't teach anything. Incorrect terminology (Ah-ah? Please, study Aaron Allston works before inventing other words).Test are cool.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unlike the other two lecturers in this course, this module's lecture is very very bad. I always felt like coming back and learning more with the other two lectures but with this one I had to force myself to complete the lessons. First of all his English is bad, sometimes you cant understand what he means even with subtitles. He repeats many things through out the course and he tries to teach by asking questions all the time. As a guy who takes and make his own notes, I found it really difficult to put together a sentence he was saying. It seems that nobody proof read his lectures before posting it on coursera. I feel that it was done blindly and in a rushed way. If possible can you please change the videos and also the script. Please make it more understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
articulation needs to be improved, talked too fast, content doesn't give muchThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor content. Everything is already said in last courses in this specialization. Also they didnt gave any techniques or tips how to easier create game worldsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I feel like the lectures were short summaries - not actual college level lectures. I really don't feel I learned anything.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I learned next to nothing from this course; the professor just rambles on and on jumping schizophrenically from aspect of aspect. One moment he's talking about physics, and in the same sentence he's suddenly talking about whether the game should have a crafting system. Some of the information even seems out of touch.He doesn't state any information with certainty because he always tends to add "or not!" or "...maybe!" after sentences, leaving you to wonder if there's anything left to take away from the lessons. The entire course could be condensed down into a "list of questions to think about while designing your game world" - it really doesn't contain anything more than that.Sometimes entire segments are dedicated to trivial things (such as "your game could have invisible walls!"), whereas in other segments he works through a hundred different questions without going in-depth to any of them.Speaker is hard to understand due to his lack of proficiency with the English language and the subtitles are often incorrect.On the plus side, you will learn what a "ha-ha" is.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Incredibly vague and hand wavy. I didn't feel like I had to write anything down.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very abstract.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I did not found this course much useful. I expected more detailed examples of worldbuilding, but talks were quite vague and unspecific. "Sit think about this, go learn about that".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was a little bit dissapointed with this course because, in my opinion, it is not structured well, it is just an amount of questions we need to think about. It has ended but I have the feeling I still have no good idea about what is world design for video games...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's often not clear the point the professor of this course is trying to make. Instead he often seems to ramble pointing out a 100 little questions that a world designer might ask himself/herself during the process without ever focusing on any. The reader is left not knowing what the key take aways wereThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was unable to complete this course, because the course required at least two years of programming knowledge prior to enrolling. I was confident that I could learn while taking the course, but I continually failed to pass the quizzes in the second of five courses. It was very confusing and the questions were crypticThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course can only be taken who have good knowledge in programming.Although there is a assessment quiz at the start of the course It needs to kept in mind that since this course is part of specialization,most people would take it and not all of them are programmers.This course needs a revamp to suit all sorts of security enthusiasts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The difficulty level of this course is very inconsistent. The first project (stack smashing) was difficult, at least for me, but I could complete it with the information taught in the lectures. I was unable to complete the second project (Badstore.net), which requires a knowledge of html and SQL that is not taught in the course. The third project (fuzzing and symbolic execution) was a joke: "Type this and tell us what you see." My advice is if you are a novice, take the free course first to see if you can complete it. Then, if you really need the certificate, pay and retake the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course needs too much C/C++ knowledge and the test are far too code oriented. You have to give textual answers without having enough help for memory calculation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought the lessons were really boring, there are some interesting aspects about it, but it's hard to concentrate, Pat Pattinson couldn't get me hooked up all the time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unnecessary extra videos, that could and should be joined together. In particular, in lessons 2 and 3 all "topic introductions" could be joined with the following "let's discuss this topic inside a DAW" video.Awful dynamic range. In some videos voice of lector is very quiet (-20 dB or less) and sound played from the DAW is much louder (around -6 dB). In other videos, the opposite: loud lector and quiet DAW. Change of microphone setup between intro video and "in the DAW" video is also very noticeable and distracting.Repeats of repeats over repeats. This is not needed at all. I could repeat everything by myself, just pause video and replay interesting fragment. I don't need to be reminded how a single background vocal sounds or that we need to change panning each time we add new track. Yes, It should be done from time to time, but not each time. These repeats make the lessons unnecessary long, it feels I could have been told the same information in half of time or less.This combines with very slow pace of a lector. I listened all lessons on 1.5 or even 2.0 tempo, just to not fall asleep.Quizzes are strange. Stupid quesion appeared in quiz three: which key combinations we use in the videos? But why do you ever ask this, how this relates to the topic? I use another DAW in another OS, I even don't have a "command" key, I could have changed my hot keys, so your particular hot key setup is not any significance for me. I was expected to be quizzed for which parameters to tune, how it sounds and alike, not this particular crap. Trust me, anyone could figure which hot keys to use. I am not just a monkey, I have an ability to explore my software by myself, I don't need to be told how to copy and paste, and even if I need this I just go look in the manual.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's format needs a good narrator not based on stupid commercials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
High on opinion and low on scholarship.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The false comparison between religion and soul beliefs cloud the validity of the course. Maybe the intent was to only show the worst case "Soul Beliefs" then shoot them down. However, at least to me, the instructor seemed to extrapolate "some beliefs" to "all beliefs".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
well taught but not what I thought it would be.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I enrolled in this course hoping to find a balanced perspective about historical foundations for religions and other philosophies. It did include a good amount of interesting material around different systems, but there were a couple of key things that made me lose interest in the course at around week 6 out of 11.First, I felt that the instructor talks about how he wants people to learn to think for themselves, yet I also felt that he himself preaches. Much of the evidence in his lectures is delivered as an anecdote, which might appeal to some (e.g. I could see that happening to me) and probably made the course more entertaining, but didn't do it for me. I felt that the Wade reading, in contrast, was balanced, cited other sources, and pulled in a variety of perspectives, but when I listened to the lectures, I felt that Professor Ogilvie had a tendency to state points and expect people to believe them.Second, on a related note -- this course was not shaped for the online medium. I understand that it's cheaper and easier for universities to just use recordings of live lectures, but that meant that the lectures contained quite a bit of anecdotal rambling (e.g. going off on a tangent on how you should never take charge of somebody else's soul). Another, smaller beef I have with the presentation of the course is that when he had students who were raised under different religions come up and speak their beliefs, it took a long time to demonstrate a fairly simple idea -- despite people ascribing to the same "label," the same religion, they can have in fact been taught very different things. In a live university class, having students speak can work because the evidence is being presented by "one of you" ("you" being the students), and has the added benefit of building community in the class. But in an online class, I didn't feel that kinship at all.I'll make a disclaimer that much of this review is about how I personally felt about the course, and about how it wasn't right for me. Some of what I didn't like, others may like. But overall, despite being initially interested in the topic and why people believe what they do, I didn't feel that the material was delivered in a way that captured my continued interest.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed at the lack of notes and course material. I hope part 5/5 improves.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's not worth the price.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Course is good, the reason I'm giving it a low rating is because it's a little redundant with course 3 "Introduction to Meteor.js Development". Some of the features covered in this course I researched on my own to create the final development project in Course 3. So no much value for me here.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Outdated course that needs a lot of changes to your code and in releases so you can follow professors code.A lot of people had same issues.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Only one assignment at the end, so you go through 3 weeks before being asked to code (this seems like a big mistake for any programming course). The final assignment gives you a largely complete project and just asks you to make a few changes. You can't put that as a project on a resume, because you're doing 5% of the work with your hand held through it.Worst of all, the code given to you does not adhere to JavaScript best practices, like local variables not being declared (so that they become global variables, a big no-no), spacing being all over the place, etc. JavaScript has a bad reputation, and sloppy teaching with respect to best practices is very bad.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was too repetitive compare to the previous course in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Review of documentation from meteorjs website.Slow and boring course.Last assignment is where something starts to be moving but that's the end of course :(You could dive deep into Subscribe/Publish, what is below meteor(node.js) etc.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Repetitive content, like the latter course, not challengingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not worth taking, especially if you have to pay for it! It is boring and you hardly learn anything. Do not take this class, it is not worth your money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The structure is not clear, with similar ideas coming up several times. Examples can be far-fetched (Britannica for ethical blindness ?). The teachers read the script and sometimes stumble on the words. An idea is explained in 3 minutes when 30s are enough. I am getting bored and very disappointed because it is a very important topics these days. I quit. Thank you anywaysThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course seems weirdly balanced between assuming one knows very little about statistics while also assuming one is intimately familiar with statistics notation and terminology. It would probably be better if the data science track had an optional "intro to statistics" class that can take more time to let students familiarize themselves with the terminology, and then a separate "ins and outs of probability testing in R" for those already familiar. This course seems to try and bite off more than it can chew by attempting to be both at the same time.Still, the lectures are interesting and the material is important to learn / cover.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor quality audio. Monotonous lecture style with frequent inaccuracies in delivery (says one thing but actually means another). I found my motivation and performance dropped sharply in contrast to prior lectures in this series.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course should not be presented by video. I loose lot of time by learn with others supports than Coursera.Even if I notice and appreciate the works to produce these supports by the teacher, I'm not a big fan at all.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not explained well, had to take another statistical inference course. Not worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry to say, but for me as a non-native english speaker, most videos are hard to follow. Its because speaker talks fast, unclean and with bad sound quality. Of course I'm not used to the mathematical english terms. Also the many animations with the slides made it hard for me.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
So far this is the poorest course in DS specialiation. Coins and dices all the time, Brian reads to the camera. It is just like reading a book, a very boring one. Examples from real life could boost interest.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It's a very interesting topic but I had to rely on a text book to understand it! I struggled to understand the lectures and reconcile it back to the quizes.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointing!!!!!!!too much emphasis on mathematical notations....where are the practical applications?lack of examples....it seemed more of a prose than a lecture....would not recommend to a beginner.PeriodThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Covers basic statistics (Mean, Variance, Simple Z and T tests). Not what I was expecting as Inference. Multiple testing of data is a sign of poor experimental design and should be avoided, not adjusted for. Bootstrapping is not a new idea and has been used in other fields.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've not found this course organized pedagogically speaking. The organization, insofar as "here is a list of stuff I'll be teaching" makes sense. But a lot of the "teaching" is ill suited for someone looking to learn with a minimal statistical background. It's incredibly frustrating and disheartening.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is great, but Brian is certainly not a good instructor. He does not explain things well, and articulate examples. I had to take Statistical Inference from Duke university to pass this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
If I wasn't already familiar with statistics, I would find the lectures and course book difficult to follow. If future revisions to the course are made, consider including a cheat sheet with the notation, parameter abbreviations used, etc. It would also be helpful to rewrite (or at least include a reference back to) the equation being used in the example calculations instead of immediately filling numbers in.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
A lot of the concepts in Stats Inf - although simple when you think about it and used pretty much every day - I felt were difficult to understand at first. Wikipedia and some other online sources, and youtube videos, were more helpful but I think the real issue lay in the teaching style. I won't knock Mr. Caffo like some of the others here have because at the end of the day everyone learns differently. What works for some might not work for others and unfortunately his style did not suit my learning requirements.My rating is purely based on the content which I think can be simplified by giving more visual examples. I am rating this after taking the 'Regression Models' course and in that course it is MUCH easier because he gives "real time" and visual examples of what, eg Residuals, mean or represent. Just that alone made a huge difference and it then helps me focus on how to write the R code rather than trying to understand the math. Hope this helps!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course means well but the lectures in the first half of the course are not good. The instructor seems to take a midway between rigorous mathematics, using terms like robust etc while at the same time also trying to keep it easily accessible. RD Peng's courses take a much better approach in that they keep things at one end of the spectrum (simple language). Having a background in theoretical physics and computer science, this duality in this course is very confusing for me. Also, I do not need to see a tiny, grainy video inset of the instructor during the lecture videos.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The only reason for enrolling is to complete the data science specialization, though it may make you reconsider continuing with it. The instructor and provided materials fail to adequately explain the concepts this course is supposed to cover, and do not prepare students for the quizzes or assignments. If you don't know statistics you won't learn it here. If you know statistics, you don't need this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is poorly taught. The instructors often speed through significant concepts and are generally unable to explain the concepts clearly to someone who does not have a major statistics background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
1) Not worth the money and time. The reason I say this is because the same concepts are reviewed and explained in lot more fun, creative, and interactive manner at other free of cost resources like Khan academy, youTube channels, etc2) Who is the audience? I don't think instructor has any idea of target audience. Are these meant for novice or advanced learners ?3) Why so serious? My philosophy is that if I want to appear in video, i better learn to cheer up. Seriously i mean after dealing with rush hour traffic and psychopath boss, I don't want to see a unhappy serious looking face throughout a course. Not good for my heart!Sorry if it is a mean (not statistic mean!) or anything but I have come here investing my money and time (out of my family time) . And I am not happy with this course.The only reason I have to complete this course is because of the requirement in specialization degree. I won't mind getting my refund back on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Despite the pertinent content, the way the instructor gave the classes could have been way more intuitive. You'll find videos on the web that can help you with the subjects covered and do a better job explaining the concepts. Disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are better (Free!) courses out there to learn basic inferential statistics. Khan Academy is a great place to start, and Udacity has a great class that gives a good intuitive understanding. The main reason to take this class is if you are trying to finish the entire Data Science program. Otherwise, look elsewhere for an intro stats class. The instructor clearly knows the material, the class just does not do a good job of transfering that knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is about as convoluted as you can possibly get with his explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructors approach in this course is very cursory. He tries to split the difference in going through the mechanics/mathematical theory and practical applications. As a result, he fails at both. I think it would be better to leave the mathematics and application learning to supporting materials and focus on explaining the theory and concepts of statistical inference in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I have to admit, that most of the videos confused more than they helped. For most of the topics I simply went to KhanAcademy and got it easily there and I was asking myself, why a topic was made so complicated. I have the same issue with the next course. I highly recommend to start visual explanations of what you want to achieve instead of throwing formulars at people and confuse them. IN KhanAcademy e.g. they do exactly this and you got the point and if you got the point, the formular wasn't such a big thing anymore.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
worst course of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Personally, I feel that the way of sharing and teaching was assuming everyone is an expert in this subject. This course need to be reviewed to make it more suitable to various groups of profession as not everyone has the same level of mathematics background.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The slides are very difficult to follow. It could be better designedThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very difficult to understand and followThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Terrible instruction in the videos and unclear directions. I'd avoid this course if possible, but it's required for the specialization. New videos should be shot and inspiration taken from more instructive and interesting guides, like The Cartoon Guide to Statistics by Gonick & Smith.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The lectures for this class are incredibly weak. Later lectures by the same professor are reasonable and decently structured. These lectures need to be redone. The quizzes are either out-of-order or expect you to do a lot of research on your own beyond the class notes and topics. The class project is unbelievably simple, and the final metric for the class project includes duplication and one portion of the grade assigned simply if you feel the person you're grading "tried".The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
To be honest I don't think this is worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Concepts are very hard to understand, even with some background knowledge in statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very poor instruction and organization of topics, very poor explanation of core concepts. I learned more from reading other sources while taking the class than I did from the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seemed like a "ghost" course, issues reported with the swirl package, duplicate questions in the final assessment, where is the instructor ?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The worst course I've ever taken.Bad sound quality, dead discussion forums, not possible to understand material without external (not mentioned in the course) sources.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I've taken several statistics, data science, and R courses. This is one of the worst. I took others' advice, and I also strongly suggest looking to other sources to learn Statistical Inference before taking this course. Khan Academy, DataCamp, Udacity, Duke (Coursera), and Columbia (edX) all have great courses. Though they vary in depth, each leaves you with a good understanding of the concepts they teach.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
completely missed the explanation part of the teaching. Why use n-1 for standard deviation? "Because of degrees of freedom" Only mention, no further explanation. Just no explanations of anything in this course. I looked at the biostats course by the same guy. Same story. Teaching is more than just saying the facts, you have to explain things, lead the understanding. The materials are just not there, not in the book either.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor concepts exposition with a bad teaching method.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
this is heavy material, and I suggest it be broken down to two separate courses, and the author take his time in explaining the various concepts in much more detail vs. trying to cram them within 5 or 10 minute sessions. I know I wasn't the only one struggling to keep up with the teacher after week 2.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course was more like a glossary. Not quite good but practicalThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Teaching material is fine. The Professor's explanation is monotonic and he uses textual definitions rather than simple explanationsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very difficult to comprehend..Moreover the examplanations given ar not concise and brief..The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is very difficult to follow, not because the topics are hard or too technical but mostly due to lecturer's poor job in explaining and creating a narrative.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Do NOT recommend. Very poorly explained. Refers to some concepts without introducing, introduces others without explaining. Spends most of the time looking to the computer screen instead of toward you and reading the text instead of explaining in understandable manner.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Content covered in this course was hard to learn, both because it was pitched at a level that realistically was more akin to a wrap up of content already covered (when in fact it was all new content) and because the instructor, Brian Caffo, has not a style that was conducive to teaching.The instructor often would launch into a topic, and then speed through a calculation with basically no explanation.In terms of time, this was one of the most intensive courses in the specialisation, and I'd recommend taking this course alone (not concurrently with other courses) for that very reason.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not beginner friendly, might be good as a refresher for grad studentsThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
poor course, saturated, with an instructer that uses big words and does not explain many difficult ideas, and take for granted that the leaner knows a lot of probability and statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Many videos lacked associated pdf slides so confusing to watch. Some topics on slides were not covered in videos. A supplemental video for those would be great even of optional.Brian Cato is a good presenter, however, more examples needed to be done showing how to work out various statistical problems both by traditional method and using R.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are better courses on the subject on coursera and other platforms. It worth it pursuing it if you are interested in joining the capstone project.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The worst professor in this specialization. The subject really interesting, and I have been studying for a while in my Master's and PhD in engineering, so I could understand the bulk of the course. This is a very important subject in data analysis and these poor explained classes could make lot of people give up the specialization. Statistics involves much of mathematics and calculus which make it a natural challenge for most of the people. Please, improve these classes in order not to disappoint the student who want to become data scientists.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is 3rd time I a trying this course. Labeling someone just reading the slides out loud as a course is ridiculous. I have to express that this is horrible, Please don't callout a course. Call it Audio Slides.I have a Master's degree in engineering and have won scholarship all my life. This is the first time I am trying out on-line course. The courses were okay till I came to this sections mostly done by Brian Jaffe. Knowing and teaching is two different things, Brian! I will continue, with help from other materials outside the course. But I have ti rate this as 1 star.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I get this course since I really want to learn on boosting. However, I think the course pace is too fast and should be include more 'non-greece symbol'. I have a background in biostatistic and epidemiology but I'm still having a hard time understanding lecture. I would say that this course is the most difficult among this specialization (practical machine learning is much easier than this). I bet many students will have a problem in this course since it's a 'beginner' level specialization.My suggestion is to 'slow down' , expand the lecture with more drawing/picture explanation, more r coding and get rid of those greece-symbol as much as possible.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I really wanted to learn this stuff. I have almost no background in statistics. But the lectures didn't cover stuff with enough rigor and repetition for me to pick up much.So I pretty much gamed the quizzes and project enough to get through the class. Rather disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Taught very quickly and assumes a high degree of math fluency. Only take this if you are either very fluent in math already or have a significant amount of time to devote to understanding the material.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course, which is part of Data Science Specialization Course, which is a BEGINNER specialization, doesn't explain as it should to BEGINNERS. They try to explain, complex topics in 3 minutes ... If I didn't need the certificate, I would definitely not waste my time on this course. Youtube videos from khan academy or Brandon Foltz (Statistics 101) are much more valuable, you really get the topic and they are free. The professors didn't want to spend time preparing good material, from my point of view, the preparation is very poor.The course is more oriented to teach you to be a "data monkey". You know the code you need to write, but you don't get what are you doing ... Where do these formulas come from?The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Homework, lectures, and the quiz are completely out of sync. Bayes rule is introduced and appears in the homework but no where else. Things appear on the quiz that aren't in the home work or lecture. This was put together from scraps of another lecture, but in an incoherent fashion. When Caffo tells the viewer that they'll need to use other resources, he wasn't kidding. I dropped this the first time when I kept introducing things that completely had not been introduced, took another stats class, then came back and aced it. I don't mind accelerated learning or using other resources, but there's guide for which concepts are needed and where coverage for them can be found. This leaves little recourse but to know stats already, or go learn it before taking this course. Otherwise you don't know enough to even go find the pieces you need. Incidentally, the dude who does the lectures for Khan Academy does a fantastic job and the lectures are a joy to watch, though some people might prefer something that moves less slowly and carefully and perhaps they would prefer something that glosses over the fundamental concepts more. If that's the case, I can't say enough good things about Biostatistical Analysis by Zar but thoroughly, logically categorizing statistical methods with short, clear examples, references to the original research, and building up one concept after another in logical order. The chapters are short, but the first 16 or so should give you a good enough foundation to deal with about any intro stats class. As it is, Caffo's presentation needs some serious testing and remodeling, but there's no indication that it'll match what Khan Academy did regardless of how much work goes in. At best, it's a bitter pill you can swallow if you already know the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Seeking out supplemental material is not only helpful, but necessary. This course does not provide a foundation of knowledge for inferential statistics so much as present several equations and functions and describe how one might use them.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I am left feeling this course needs work. I don't know if it's the pain of switching to the new platform or what, but the total lack of any support from the TA/instructor team is frustrating. Add to that the fact that Brian skips from slide to slide very quickly often not providing adequate explanations and you'll be re-watching the videos many times over.Several of the videos have blatant errors in them, like the fast that the fourth video of a week also contains the entire third video... again.Such things should not have passed a half decent QA test.More than anything this specialization should not be marketed as "no previous experience needed". You need to know some statistics. And by some, I mean do the whole thing on Khan Academy first.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
professors caffo and leek go way too fast and are completely monotonous. the examples they use assume we know basic stats when likely most of us are a bit rusty.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The class needs to be more accessible especially for non statisticians, I learned more from khan academy which got me through this class than the class itselfThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This is the worst course so far. This should be a 2 month course or the course descritpion should be changed to make sure you have some statistics knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor is not very good when compared to the others that are involved in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very disappointed with how the transition from the old Coursera platform to the new platform has been handled: lots of instances of the "see lecture X" in the quizzes where the reference is now just wrong because the lectures got renumbered, an almost complete lack of community TA/mentors, and no explanations from anyone as to how the new platform works.Perhaps the worst of all has been the almost complete lack of acknowledgement of any problems from the folks at JHU. This feels like it's just been dumped on the students without any real testing or any appropriate resources to sort out any problems.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Cant understand whats going onThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Explanations not clear and feels like he's reading rather than explaining things.Consecutive videos feel like they are disconnected. Videos stop in the middle of him talking something. Thank god for the swirl assignments which make things much clearer!Also the course proceed very fast not giving enough time to the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Heavy contents.. Unable to cover a week's material in a weekThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Compared to the first three courses in this specialization this course is very unstructured. The video's almost seem to scheduled randomly and a thread stringing everything together in a logical and purposeful way is completely missing. Learning anything from this course - at least for me - is very hard.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Get ready for a lot of frustration and independent research. For being able to complete the course on continuous delivery the videos of the course are not a great help.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This course is not meant to stand alone as a single course, rather is a portion of a larger Agile Development course. I'm sure the information included is very informative, but it references information that was included in other courses. The first lessons start with diagrams that are not explained and terms that are not defined (which I presume were probably covered in the first course). Also plenty of references to information from other courses ("Previously we learned" "Remember the example").Dropped the course, not that I didn't understand it, but rather it was not worth my time to play "catch-up" on my own. Suggest removing this course as a free-standing course, or revising to allow the data/lectures to stand on their own.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
not on topic, not honest, and dogmatic.also the auto emails continue after unsubscribing from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The most important part of this course is peer review IMHO. So, I put a lot of effort and consideration into the reviews I gave, trying to make them helpful, constructive and encouraging. But it was not very reciprocal. I DID get a few great reviews, very thoughtful, very constructive. But sometimes I only got two reviews instead of three, and usually the reviews gave no criticism. One review was a single word, "nice." I got a LOT more out of the other courses in this certificate. I was disappointed with this one.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sorry but the variable "peer" reviews ruined this course for me, I either did not get enough reviews or a "prankster" would down mark for whatever reason they had in their head at that particular moment. the staff don't seem interested in this a a problem. and there is no way to rate a bad reviewer so they get away with it.the other courses in the specialisation are great, but this one gives very little in the way of tuition and relies on the whole on peers, which for me didn't work out too wellThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
There are a lot of kinks to be worked out in this course. The teaching aspect of the Craft of Writing is in the four previous courses, this one is basically write a story, get reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I don't feel like I learned a whole lot, there wasn't a lot of new information presented.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I found that the portion of the class that taught story-telling was painfully over simplified. I learned nothing and felt no challenge whatsoever, in fact, I felt as though I was rehashing information from a 9th grade English class (no hyperbole). The other component of this class was learning how to create documents that you could use to pitch your game to developers. I found this component to be useful, but it could have easily been compressed into a single week if not a single lecture. There is no real accountability when it comes to grading work, as work is peer graded and students grade capriciously without regard for the criteria laid out in the lecture. In other words, most students responded to how cool or interesting they found my assignments, without regard for the weekly lecture or the grading criteria. It often felt as though the lectures didn't matter at all. Right when the class begins to introduce a more robust tour of laying out a game story, it suddenly ends. This class is only useful to students who are interested in an area of game design besides writing and who are taking the whole series anyway. If you are seriously interested in writing, this class will have little value for you and I would recommend skipping it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Such a boring course. No challenge at all, no meaningful example, and in the end seems that everybody grade without any reason. I don't think I'll finish the specialization, it's too expensive for such a poor qualityThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The content is good but is too focus in the 3 act structure, and don't explain the narration techniques specifically to videogames genres. The assignments were too repetitives and don't add variety or feeling of progression through the course. I recommend the course for who don't know the basis of the narrative structure, but not for people like me who work in the audiovisual world.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It does allow the purchase of a specific course within the specialization, the student has to subscribe to the all specialization even if they are only interested in one course only. Secondly the owner of this course should have allowed at the assignment to be submitted, because some people purchase a course only right after they have completed it.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Started in middle of everything, its course covers 5 to 7 factor samples, in the final exam the minimum factors is 70 or more!You not will learn R, not really business insights, but you learn some specific cases.I think you will learn lots of betters course in this site.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Much trivial content, but advertised as an expert course. Further, the assignments did not work properly at the beginning and there is no timely response of staff. I would not waste money on that course again and will probably try to get refund in time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
English is horrible, and I am french...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wish this course was for free with the assignments!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Poor presentation. Unclear points. Not a detailed walk through about the specific tool.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very like this course... especially those videos are introduced by female speaker....we dont have this kind of software, can't understand and practice it....The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Bad learning experience. Materials were reasonable, but the slides for the course were not made available, no one answered questions on the discussion forums related to the course content and the only additional resources provided were to buy a book from the instructor...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The title of this course is Paradoxes of War. One of the paradoxes is how little paradox there is in war, after reviewing and reflecting on the lectures and the reading materials.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
After almost a year I am still waiting to receive my grade of 90%+ for cThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It said it could be done on your schedule, but that is not true. I want to withdraw from this stupid course - it sucks.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
New format makes it impossible to watch off-line.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
My initial impressions are of astounding mediocrity. Amazes me how academic careers are made these days.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Hello, I learned some new knowledge about entrepreneurship, and this course was helpful for me. However, there was not any reaction to the comments in the forum from instructors and mentors. I studied several courses online in the Coursera Community, and this course was the first course for me which instructors and mentors did not reply to the questions in the forums. In my opinion, the forums are one of the great features in the Coursera which could really helps student to learn the content better.Sincerely,OmidThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Not very challenging. Will be more better if there are case studies in the quiz and we answer questions applying the knowledge from the video lectures to the case studies.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I thought most of the discussions were "____ needs to do this, _____ needs to learn to do this." Yet doesn't provide a lot of concrete answers that helpful to solve x. And I understand some situations are complex with a lot of variables, but it seems as though a lot of "environmental proponents" just talk about stuff and don't give examples of what they are doing to change the world. I think Jadav Payeng ("the forest man of india") has done more for the environment than all the attendees at all of these environmental conferences do. Courses like these highlight all the problems (and there are a fuck ton of problems) but contain fewer answers. So it just leaves the "graduate" overwhelmed and kind of spinning in a circle. I think I'd rather have a course that asks, why do we wear what we do when its made on the other side of the globe, is that the best for the environment? We need to wholesale changes in how we think about our society if we want it to be sustainable; not, we have problems over here and here and here, and if we put this bandaid on it, that might fix it for a while. I was just very unimpressed and skipped through the program as quickly as I could /rantThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Good course, but outdated. The SDGs were agreed upon in 2015 and there are already ajor efforts ongoing to implement them. The course only mentioned the draft SDGs, which changed considerably later on. Therefore, the course is useful for Background Information on SDGs, but not to get up-to-date with the SDG process.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Excellent course content but very poorly designed quizzes. More clarity is needed in formulating questions, since different pages have different values for the same data sets (even on the same website such as the World Bank indicator datasets) and it will be difficult for students to get the right answers.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very Informative course but without Certificate. After spending so much time and efforts it should provide a certificate .The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Basically i resume of economics concepts that can be taken for granted as a prerequisite of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The distributions were not well explained, it could have been handled in a much better way!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
No structure for the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very low length to content ratio; basic contentThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
5 points out of 5 for professor Peter. 1 point out of 5 for professor Mike. The first 2 weeks were good as professor Peter presented with very brief and sum up the ideas. On another hand, the last 2 weeks were bad, professor Mike didn't do well in term of summary. He spent 70% for introduction of each topic before reaching to the points that he want to make. Most of the time, he didn't make any points. Plus he didn't answer the questions that he asked. I am disappointed. I was expecting to learn more as the course structure was impressive BUT the actual lectures are not covered the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I can't even make pre-course survey, which couldn't have wrong answersThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I attempted to take this course because I really wanted to learn more about the US Constitution and how it applies to my daily life. I made it to week three before I could no longer keep listening to Professor Amar drone on and turn a 10 minute lecture into a 25 minute lecture with filler words, tangents and lack of structure. Professor Amar is very knowledgeable about the Constitution and I don't doubt his credentials or accomplishments. However, with out an outline, slides, notes, structure... something... anything... this class is just a talking head that is painfully hard to pay attention to. If you're an auditory learner and prefer the old school, pretentious, Ivy League lecture hall format this is the class for you.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor just rambles on and on... there is no structure to the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Unfortunately there is no involvement academic staff so there is no assistance/support. The course is put out there and students are left to their own devices. The calibre of students is poor and informed discussions non-existent. A great pity because the content on occasion is interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was very disaappointed by this course, in fact a bit more so than by the "Unwritten" course that has run concurrently with this one. I was **very** put off by the professor's simply opening his book and trying to remember what he'd said there and then, in front of his audience, reduce it down to a videoed talk. He needed to put some effort and thought into understanding his topic from the point of view of an audience that is inevitably very, very different from the one he had in mind (if any, in particular) as he was writing the book. If he didn't have time for proper preparation, he should have found another medium for flogging his publications.By and large, everyone who is from the US (I'm not) and who teaches about the US constitution emphasizes its uniqueness. Indeed, they have a point: it was the first (and, admirably, the shortest) modern written constitution. However, uniqueness isn't unique among nations; all nations are somehow unique. Undertanding a nation (including thir constitution) has to involve looking at both hum-drum normality as well as uniqueness. I felt that the course would have been more substantial if it had been built on the obvious fact that the US revolutionaries were "Englishmen fighting for an Englishman's rights." And, indeed, what they created had both the worst and the best traits that England's historical jurisprudence offered. Social stare decisis has been a major stumbling-block not only for common-law countries but as well for countries that follow other sorts of jurisprudence.The course was embarrassingly bad.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Professor is difficult to follow, often repeating himself and adds fluff that can often be a waste of timeThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teachers have a strong Spanish accent and they fail in what they try to teach: improving.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This was the worst course I have taken with ASU on Coursera. Feedback was minimal and the system had many technical issues. Videos didn't start properly and there was no help or feedback from the instructors or the peers. I have wasted a lot of time resubmitting my assignments due to technical issues. Waste of my time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The entire course was not paced well. The capstone had as much work each week as the other courses had in the entire 6 week course. To make it worse for me the capstone came up at the end of the year when teachers are overloaded already. I ended up having to roll over to the next session 1/2 way through. Work should have been better spread out. I also do not like that you get no real teacher evaluation in a capstone. Meaning a student could take a full 8 courses over a year and then fail when the teachers finally look at all the work in the second capstone.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
too repetitive, and i do not want to submit a video of my self teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was expecting the capstone to be different than what it ended being. I didn't find it as practical and beneficial as the other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Sadly, there only english subtitles in the first video, so I can´t continue the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It said it was subtitled into English but that's only the first video...The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
ONly in chinese. Not English subtitles.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Need more (understandable) subtitles. Peer-review for this course is not a good idea as well, given abstract concepts and different language.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The instructor looks nerves when he talking.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Although the topics are great and very interesting, especially because I am a teacher who face many of the situations mentiones, the videos are very hard to understand and I needed to put subscribe all the time.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Could not understand many of the mathematical formulae involved. The topic coverage was good.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Forums were poorly organized and not well participated in.There was no forum topic for the honors assignment.Honors assignment appeared to require unix, which was not stated in the course requirements.Honors assignment was due too early in the term.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Too much theory, not enough practical exercises and too few examples of how the algorithms work.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course focuses more on the theoretical side with no practical examples. It also does not explain these theoretical concepts in detail enough. It was difficult for me as a new learner in the text analytics field to follow such dense theoretical concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
You need to pay to participate in the quizzes. Stay clear, there are free alternatives out thereThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Interesting subject, but not much content and assessments are way too short. More variety in assignments would be nice too.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
It is very very bad that only students assess the assignments. Lots of students can't count sentences, can't see and generally are very negligent in evaluating the work of others. No teachers involve the process. No appelation possibility, no forum for discussions!The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Some interesting points of view and case studies. But the material itself is not in a structured format that means you could lose your way half way through the video. Too one dimensional in terms of presentation and no opportunity to interact with tutors. To summarize, I think it is a waste of opportunity to not use the video/interactivity/collaboration platform to its fullest potential.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Mostly just common sense. And the peer review assignments are mind-numbing.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The teacher is amazing, and the content is interesting and makes me want to pursue Law. However the classmates are extremely aggregating and track you down to give you low scores in order that they themselves may succeed. I cannot explore my interests with this sort of setting.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The information was interesting but sort of long. In fact, I started this so long ago that I don't remember most of what was said, only that it was long. I did enjoy the first course, America's Written Constitution but someone was paying attention then and it was on the older format so it was better. I rate the course so poorly, however, because of the total lack of staff involvement and the worthless peer review papers. I have a huge problem with the peer review process. It is of no value and should be banned. Be that as it may, however, it takes weeks to get reviews and there is NO ONE FROM THE COURSE STAFF PAYING ANY ATTENTION TO THE COURSE!! There is not one posting from course staff in the forums. There has been no response to any of the so called, "comment on this assignment" messages I've been leaving since JULY. There has been no response to an e-mail, supposedly sent to the instructor on my behalf by the Coursera help desk weeks ago. It is obvious that the instructor has abandoned this course. If no one is going to pay attention to it, it should be taken down. If you just want the information, watch the videos but don't expect anything else, including any response whatsoever from this course. I've wasted too much time on this. I'm done.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The videos and lectures were fine, but there seemed to be a lot missing from this course. The discussion boards were empty and the reliance on peer reviewed papers left a little to be desired. There could have been more instruction given on how to grade.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Its really hard to communicate with Coursera. I have paid for the course, havent enrolled due to my illness and there is nobody who can help me out with this.Its a very nice project "Coursera" but still has too much to make up... what a pity.MartinThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Dry Material and the second professor wasThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
This review is for Coursera. Why you want me to click 2 times to submit a review? On home screen when i click on stars to review, new window opens.. This is not a great UX.. Please reduce no of clicks that a user has to make to submit the reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
way too slow and too long ; too many digressions, by-side remarks, lessons of life, etc ... go straight to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course is very cheap. However, training material has poor quality.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Purely theoretical, I doesnt go deep enough, there arent any assignments, only a quiz at the end of the week. Poor material per week.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
very little interaction in the final project. seems this module does not follow the principles of the earlier 4 with regards to virtual teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Very generic advice although the interviews with children's writers were illuminating and helpful. The marking system was inaccurate, for example it deducted marks for submitting an assignment over word count when it wasn't! Good, solid advice about setting character, scene and place and ideas to help you out of writer's block. The two main presenters were very knowledgeable and it was pitched to an international audience. Some of the activities were repetitious but I guess the craft of writing is but there was a sense of the course tapering away at the end with a proposal letter to a publisher with very little exemplar material being provided to assist.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I wanted this course to focus specifically on strategies for engaging young readers, but it did not. Additionally, the method of assignment sharing is a file upload/download dropbox. I had fully intended to participate until I saw that. As a MOOC, I realize that there could be any number of individuals registering for this course using false information and uploading nefarious scripts that could hijack my computer should I download something from here. No thanks, Coursera. Epic fail.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
Information presented was too basic.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
The course didn't feel as though it was aimed at a university level audience, which is what I expect from Coursera courses. I I did appreciate the prompt that the assignments gave me to actually sit down and write, but so far the feedback wasn't very helpful. I think that there should be much more guidance on how to give good feedback to peers. Reading a good number of submissions from members of the course, I didn't feel that this course gave them the practical skills needed for good prose, but wThe sentiment of this sentence is negative .
These were very short lectures without a lot of content. For example the different kinds of publishing were described but no time was spent on how to evaluate publishers or how to decide what might work best for the author. The interviews with the published authors was by far the best part of this class and I enjoyed listening to them describe their writing lives.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
For those interested in taking exams, these questions were poorly worded and it was evident that the person writing the questions in English was not proficient in the English Language. The material was interesting and up to date, but much was lost in translation.The sentiment of this sentence is negative .
I was disappointed because the name is misleading. The course provides a good introduction & overview of the responsibilities of the CTO, but has very little specifically digital content. It deals with two-speed IT in a single short lecture, so of course the treatment is superficial. It is easy to find more in-depth material freely available, on the McKinsey website for example.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content, but the course setting does (at least for me) not allow learn the content long term due to missing reading material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is quite good, though it could have been deeper in some areas.But its peer review system is not working well, if at all.Regards, An Le.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'll start by saying that this course gives a good insight into a wide variety of applications of 3D printing. There are lots of interviews with people who have or are leveraging additive manufacturing in original and effective ways. The last week of the course also introduces an interesting and seemingly effective framework for design thinking.The reason that I've only rated 3 stars however is that the only useful thing you learn in this course is the design thinking framework. I think that it would be better if these videos were scattered throughout the rest of the specialisation. I do see value in including this material in the specialisation but not as an outright course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It should be merged with course 1The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It should be less repetitive and full of useful informations about applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it could be easily compressed in a two-weeks course.Sometimes interviews are too long for what they need to explain.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good introduction into the applications of 3D printing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This session was too long and a little boring. Could be shorter with the related contents.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not according what I expectedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good introduction to 3D printingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information but way too short for what Coursera charges.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course itself is good. Nevertheless, it says that it doesn't require any previous experience... But there is actually experience required on financial statements and concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I love the professors, but unfortunately, I do not feel much connection to me (not really seeing so much importance for me to identifying if a company is making fake financial statements; I am not an investor, and my everyday work does not really have so much to do with financial statements).The Managerial Accounting (week 4) transforms my mindset!! I really appreciate that. That one single week of course can literally help so many companies/NGOs. That week 4 should be promoted more!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first three weeks focussed heavily on ratios and detecting fraud and earnings management in an organization, the fourth week seemed to actually relate to data analytics and how non-financial aspects of a company play a role in the financial outcomes. I really do not see where a data analyst who is not in accounting field would be using the fraud detection scenarios in real life. A data analyst would be focused on improving the business and doing the analyses that pertain to improving certain aspects of a business, not finding his manager's earnings management using an M-score etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
difficult for people without accounting background to take.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sorry to say but among the four courses of this specialization, this one really disappointed me. Not the fault of teachers or institute, i think the only mistake they made is try to fit too many topics in one course. Anyway this is only my opinion!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great content but animations are annoying!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
With my Accounts/Business/Finance/Statistics Graduation/Post Graduation Education and Teaching & Work Experience, I believe the Professor/Educator who Designed and Presented this Course requires atleast a Basic Training before putting together an important Course like Accounting Analytics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Prof Brian Bushee is really excellent but I felt that Prof Chris Ittner's lecture was quite fluffy for an analytics course. Would have appreciated practice problems and case study practices like the operation analytics classThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would add more examples on how to populate the data, even spend time on optional videos where the professor or his assistant goes through testing ratios (something similar to Operations Analytics). I feel like the professor was rushing through his explanations and the models. Maybe people found the course very useful however I felt like there was too much text and immediate switch to Excel file that was elaborated shortly. Overall, I am not sure how to apply these ratios in my final project...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked it, although I felt like they were 2 courses: One for the first three weeks, another one during the last week.The "First Course" was OK, but it was regular accounting stuff. I was rusty on that so I enjoyed it.The "Second Course" was the one related with Analytics.I give it 3 Stars because you can see some lack of preparation in the team. And because didn't made a proper link between Accounting and Analytics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's ok. Bushee is very knowledgeable and a very enthusiastic teacher, but his lessons are too dense compared to the content in the rest of the Wharton BA programs. I actually like all the detail, but I think it's covered too quickly and the course should probably be made longer to deal with it all. There are ratios and balance sheet jargon just flying at you at a breathless pace. It would be better to focus on a few key ones and then walk through the examples a little more slowly. The quizzes were extremely tricky with too many choose more than one answers. It was difficult to find the parts of the video to review missed questions because 1) the transcripts are machine generated and make it difficult to search specific words and 2) it's difficult to remember where the concept was covered because there was so much in each video.The last week felt very disconnected from the first week and like it belonged in a different course almost. It was pretty good, though. I liked how it contained specific examples and charts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great introduction to Accounting Analytics. Unexpected lecturing dialogues. Could have more analytics or additional or optional problem sets to explore more deeply.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I like the content of the course but I felt too much of topics were crammed into one single course. I had to struggle a lot to grasp the concepts on advanced algorithms by just relying on video lectures so I had to look around in the internet for additional resources. Nonetheless it was a satisfying experience though it took me a lot of time and effort to complete the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
easy to undestand, but it needs more examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I personally think that I've learnt more from Google and YouTube then in this course. You can join the course for certification. Other then the certificate, I find this course not much of value.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did not understand the submitting process till the fourth week. I feel that you could have offered a more detailed description . Doing the review in the fourth week did not do justice for my peers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's amazing that we live in an age where you can take online classes like this for free.I went from not knowing my way around Ableton to being able to make simple tracks in a few weeks.The course load is pretty light, but it makes it easy to stay motivated and keep up from week to week.The instructor has her quirks, but don't we all. I feel like this course is great for introducing someone who has prior experience with writing music and using DAWs to Ableton Live. However, for someone who already knows the basics of Live, this probably won't be of too much use.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This particular module (week 3) is written for those students who are already have at least a nodding acquaintance with the software.The videos move so fast that I am not able to detect what is going on. Please believe me when I say that I run a copy of Fusion 360 at the same time as a particular instructional video is playing. I toggle from one to another, taking notes from the instructional video when possible. Still, it takes me weeks, not days, to understand what the professor is doing.It is true that there are several online tutorials with regard to using the sketch tools contained within Fusion 360. I have been reviewing the tutorials that I am able to find -- and I have learned quite a bit of "how-to" information that this particular module does not provide.Why is it that some of us who are new to the Fusion 360 environment have come to understand that we need to spend hours of our time to "fill in the blanks" of week 3?Are we to keep searching other sources so that we can learn what has not been taught in Week 3? If so, why?Bill ClarkThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor does an excellent job, but realistically there is no way to be proficient enough in a 3D software program after a week or two to earn a certificate. The certificate is worthless in my opinion. I liked the class but it seemed more like intro vs. a class of any proficiency required.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topics are really interesting and advanced! However, there's a lot of talk in chinese, due to questions/answers from teacher and students, and the quizzes are a bit too easy. I learned a lot though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I knew nothing about Jefferson before this course and nothing about his 'age' - not sure I am much the wiser about the latter after it! I enjoyed the tours round the historic sites and I thought the lecturer came over as warm and enthusiastic but it seemed he was preaching about a saint rather than giving a detached academic assessment of a historical figure and I found that it was hard to see the wood for the trees at times. Hagiographic might be an unkind description but it was certainly very respectful to the great man. I also liked the use of a student in cooperation with the lecturer.- he set the scene well and was a good interviewer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ambiguous assignments led to cumbersome completion. The peer grading got a little annoying as sometimes it took forever to get feedback and a lot of times feedback was minimal or the criteria for grading was vague and people took it WAY too seriously.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very tough, though very instructive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was really great! The teacher explained excellent and the topics were very appropiate. However, when i finished the course i couldn't see the certificate of accomplishment at least; it never showed up :( And now when i click on the option "Buy the course" the page redirects me to an address which doesn't exist.Despite of this, I enjoyed this course a lot, as the first one! Thanks a lot!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Actually, the course should be titled as "Introduction Into Macroeconomics", I think. The course is fine, but I won't call it really "advanced" one. The structure and topic list is okay, but the depth is not enough to threat the course as "advanced".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Honestly, for something that says "Advanced" in the title, I thought it was a little too basic. There isn't enough depth and a lot of it involves common sense. Perhaps a more case-study driven course would have been interesting with more qualitative, essay responses required rather than cut-and-dry multiple-choice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, this is a good subject.However, some slides are not well organized.Many questions in assignment are too tricky.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice addition to the "Competitive Strategy" course, although not as interesting and practical as the first part... Cases and current examples would have made this section much better.Prof. Tobias Kretschmer ... 5 starsCompetitive Strategy . . . 5 starsAdvanced Competitive Strategy ... 3 starsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is okay, not what I expected, but okay.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fine as far as content. My complaint is that there is no one to contact regarding papers or questions. You are left to the other students for your grading and assignment completion, meaning that some of your assignments can hang there for weeks before ever getting reviewed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not the course id think it would be.I learn less information than i d expect but these were still usefull information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It has good content, but there were missing classes to give more advices or clear any question students have, when grading peer review homeworks there were plenty of mistakes that would have been avoided if there were more video lectures or forums with teachers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wasn't sure what to expect with the Advanced Writing course. Again, peer review was unnecessarily harsh because people don't understand the flexibility and nuance of writing, but it's definitely informative and has made me a more mature academic writer. This specialization is well worth it, for the videos alone. The instructor is clear and the videos are very concise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So far the topics are very interesting but the accent of the teacher is sooo difficult to follow and distracts me! Also, she is looking down to read all the time and this doesn't reflect her knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
before discussing genetic mutations occurred in Alzheimer disease that mentioned when discussing AIS, i think some refreshment about protein synthesis and the normal pattern that if disturbed by certain ways as mutations causes particular diseases.some arrangements of material needed to prevent information overlappinginteresting courses, go onthanks for your efforts dear professorsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much bla, bla, bla. Very slowly, very boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Provides a nice basis in understanding how economic principles are used to investigate agriculture production. Could provide a bit more of an economic foundation but the course is broad rather than deep.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor is very good. However, pictures and graphics mean a thousand words. These lectures rely too much on words. It makes it how to visualize the concepts. Hope to see more pictures. Animation will be the best.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was glad to get exposure to famous algorithms through this class, but I don't feel like I really developed an intuition for reasoning about their runtime. The class was challenging, but mostly for the wrong reasons. I spent more time and energy pouring over the answers to tricky quizzes and having to implement algorithms exactly as described in the lecture notes rather than really truly learning. It also took me much longer than the 4-8 hours per week advertised to complete each week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would be nice to see more examples especially were we have too many formulas. I still confused with probability.Also hadwritting isnt really helping. I am most of the time decoding scripts. In addition he is reading the formula at one moment and in around 3-4 seconds it appears on the screen. So I kind of listening him while trying to read what is happening on the screen. horrible experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The early part of the course does not make a compelling argument for why we need to analyse complexity. The lectures are interesting but not helpful for use in business.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material was good, but I did notice a couple of lectures and in-course questions presented out of order. What really turned me off, however were quizzes. In weekly quizzes the first answer was always the right answer. In the final quiz most of the questions had the first answer as the right answer. Since randomizing the answers is so obvious and easy, I am really at a loss why the quizzes would be presented in this way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
kind of boring and I am not learning how half this info is obtained or why it is relevant to real world chemistryThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting! I wish there is some animation film to explain the narative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lesson with discussion about the question of quizz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ancient Greeks is brief overview of Greek civilization from about 1800 to 320 BC, starting with the Minoans of Crete and ending with the death of Alexander the Great. Prof. Andrew Szegedy-Maszak demonstrates great knowledge about the subjects, covering literature, government, and philosophy.Yet the course has two setbacks: 1) The professor stutters through the lectures, displaying his obvious discomfort being on camera; and 2) the overview is very expansive, so there isn't great study in any single theater of Greek civilization.There is, however, solid coverage. I also felt the chapter on the 4th cent. BC, done to address complaints about no coverage of Alexander and Macedon, feels tacked on. It's a long, but somehow hurried lecture.That said, I liked this course. I gained greater knowledge of important political and literary figures, such as Solon and Alcibiades, than I did when I studied the subject back in college.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I must say I feel disappointed especially when the whole Data Structures and Algorithms series take this course as the selling point ( "you'll learn how to compute the fastest route between New York and Mountain View thousands of times faster than classic algorithms and close to those used in Google Maps", blablabla), but it turns out to be the least challenging course with only elementary introduction to the big topic. Perhaps the preparing time for this course is too short? I still miss the teaching style and assignment design of the first course of the series though. It would seem to be unwise to pay for the following courses if this continues on.(FYI I was the among the first ones who take this series, and I have got 100% grade for each course ever since then.)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Even though there is a lot of useful information in this course, I personally don’t like it. I wouldn’t take this course again if I had a chance to go back in time.All hometasks are much more about programing in Java than algorithms. Open any week's discussion forum, you will find out that 90% questions and problems are about Java, not algorithms. If you are not a professional programer, you will spend at least 30-40 hours a weak instead of 6-10 hours.5 week’s task is just a pure joke: 30 minutes explanation about most difficult structure in the course and not a single line of code.. After that you must write it by yourself. Just look at week 5 discussion forum. Do you know why there are 42 topics in week 3 and only 7 in week 5? Because people decide not to do it.The goal of a teacher must be to make students love the course\matherial\science, not to hate it. I’m not sure about hating, but it was annoying as hell.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Topics are interesting, explanation is boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for a free one. Thank you for all of your great work. Somehow, the pace is too fast. Covering about 2 sections per week is by far too hard to read the book along with the class. There's no practice exercise to strengthen what you learn. The assignment is very hard and sometime don't directly implement the knowledge you learn in that week. Sometime the video sound is too quiet (but you can read the transcript when it happened.) The book is better in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ha sido un curso muy interesante y útil. Lo recomiendo para saber como América Larina funciona en estos momentos. Los documentos adjuntos son extremadamente necesarios para disfrutar del curso!It was so interesting and useful. I recomend it to know about how Latin America is working at this moment. The attached files are extremly needed to enjoy the course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
videos can be more interactive with more information on the slides. feel that slides downloaded is not worth the time. I seem to see the professor on screen more then important information we need to take note of. Some modules need to go indepth explanation but does not, especially onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Why were we talking about money managers and hedge funds? What does that have to do with data analytics for business? I never saw the connection and they never explained it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good introductory course, with some very informative video and instruction. I only give it 3 stars because I felt it really lacked interactivity. Although quizzes were required throughout, I felt too much of the class was simply sitting back and watching lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content was a bit shallower than expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting enough, good start to the specialization but not the most content for a standalone course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Survey course. Excited to apply the knowledge and learn concrete skills in the upcoming courses within this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's very general information. The explanation movies are great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a very basic foundation course on data careers and business metrics. Gives a lot of examples of companies and their varying levels of need for data employees. There is a short segment in here on Financial services which i found to be a bit misplaced, and I would have liked more detail on the business metrics side as well as on the financial services side (if it is indeed well placed and I just didn't catch the correlation).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good but the tests can be better planned.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course, only 1 BIG disadvantage: you cannot take the quizzes unless you buy the certificate...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty good overview for simple business metrics definitions and basic level analysis. It is a good refresher for those with an analytics background, but also puts things in a perspective from a business setting which is good for when you are working in the field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought that they could have gone more in depth in terms of metrics, how to calculate them, and use them in real life situations. The course seemed to focus too much on the type of companies that use data, as well as what type of jobs there are in this field. I didn't find it too relevant or helpful in terms of making me more productive at work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are good and clear, with many concrete examples and exercices to train. The topic itself is a little limited, mostly to finance, whereas there would be so much more equally interesting diversity in data to analyse. I just don't dream of money all the time.The course limitations for free attendance get in the way of efficient learning though, using cheap tricks to manipulate you into buying, though I haven't seen these features used this way in other curses, I bet they're using what they teach to increase conversion using any way available.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is good. However, by the review assigment i can see that the concepts were not clear, therThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel like more examples, case studies, or panel interviews would help.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a great introductory course, although a bit superficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic terms. Not very helpful for later concepts and would not recommend for business professionals that have experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of time devoted to the job stuff may not be super relevant for most students, and was certainly not super relvant too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had a hard time finding material to study.I wish the class had more reading material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very useful course for budding professionals. Wouldn't recommend this to middle managers / data experts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to the Theme. Some subjects was not entirely connected between weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this course interesting, but a bit too simple.From the answers of other students that I marked many are non-native speakers of English who hadn't really understood the questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked the course to have been more hands on. I would have also liked to have seen other platforms utilized.Ex:Hypothetical situations to apply course content to.Group assignments with real time chat.Better formatted supplemental readings to compliment the lecture videos.Also, I feel like the instructors failed to explain some of the business jargon used, which wasn't remedied by referencing the dictionary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great introduction to the SubjectThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to business metrics. I was less enthusiastic about all the investment metrics and formulas, but that might just be me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good, but no material and lack of structureThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Solid introduction - slightly disjointed and fairly boring presentation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for those with limited exposure to business metrics. Would be more valuable to include 5 or 6 standard Key Performance Indicators (KPI's) by function (marketing, sales, operations, finance), etc. that will be typically encountered in an advanced undergraduate or MBA program.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course title is a bit misleading. There were too much math in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course for me was very simple and basic. I recommend it to students who makes their firs steps in this area.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Meh. It was just okay.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class is a pretty nice overview of metrics in general. it is more broad than it is deep, and sometimes the videos and explanations were not the most easily digested. While the content was helpful, this class could have been greatly improved if slides were provided instead of just a transcript. Finally, some of the explanations and definitions, though interesting, weren't often well tied together. The final assignment case study was definitely useful in thinking about several of the metrics covered over the four weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not much is taught here but I guess should be a good beginning for the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's OK, I think there's a few areas that could use some more depth of explanation. As with a few coursera courses there seems to be an assumption that students know the material being discussed and so it isn't explained. Most of the time in this unit that isn't the case but it does occur a bit.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes it seems very "mechanic". The instructor is clearly reading a script.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the lectures marginally useful. The instructor may know what he is talking about but takes a rather unstructured approach to articulating it. Having come from a business background and going into BI full-time, I was seeking novel ways to evaluate business performance. The glossary cheatsheets delivered on this best - but the videos I found to have simple, tired repeated perspective. It could be more useful if you have no business background whatsoever.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion this course is superficial. I didn't get real knowledge from it. At the same time this course might be just an intro to the series of courses about Business Analytics. So I'm looking forward to try them all!Anyway, thanks for the course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provided a good introduction to SQL for me as a beginner and through challenging lessons forced me to learn SQL basics. After Week 3 however, I found that the level of difficulty increased steeply and not enough assistance was provided in the lessons to get through the course at a reasonable pace. In addition to providing answers to each week's exercises, further review of how the answer was obtained and the breakdown of the logic behind it would be helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course structure was well formatted. The order of the lessons and content presented made for learning intuitive. The follow along practice queries and end of lesson practice problems were also helpful interactives for the student.However there were mistakes in the answer keys or practice problem prompts that became more frequent in the lessons towards the end of the course. This made it difficult to practice the more complicated material and queries. It was also a big time waster when as a student you were unsure whether you were answering the correct question and if so whether your answer was correct. It would also been helpful to have more open ended practice problems at the end of the course in addition to the set provided.Finally I think this course would be better split into two parts. The first part should be geared towards querying data and focusing more on just pulling data and intermediate queries. The main audience would be analyst/data professionals that have privileges to pull data but not modify data. The second part of the course would be more useful to DBAs or professionals that have database admin privileges to insert/delete/modify data. I would also focus more heavily on database schemas in this second course relative to the first.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
there are so little video tutorials, and too many exercises without video instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video instruction are not as helpful as I wished. They were too brief, and all the learning end up with doing the exercises. The regular exercises and the quizzes use different database system, and it sometimes hard to transfer what you learn to the quizzes.The pre-quiz exercises are more helpful imo, but no answer key is provided. Sometimes I am still confused even after passing the quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good class and I learned a lot. The learning curve shoots up exponentially around the fourth week. I could see this course being perfect if broken down into two classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too many issues with the DB's that needed to be accessed to complete the exams.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Did not like that I have to upgrade just to take a quizThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Worth skimming fast through for free to learn a little something about the brain. Don't expect to learn much about the brain though. The title is a little misleading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well, I expected more and more debt, It seems the course is oriented to the general public.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course satisfied me in various aspects. It is brief and clear. Thank you for our instructor for nice presentations.Nevertheless, I would expect more about pharma and treatment apporaches. More about drugs available in the markets and new trends.Psychotherapy applications / demonstrations would be very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Knowledgeable professor. Distracting background. I prefer direct eye contact rather than having the professor sometimes filmed not looking directly at the camera. But the course gave excellent information and I enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course give very good information, but the "The addicted brain" its not the correct name.Second part of the course give more detail information about different drugs and body biology, but its not directly related to the Brain.However, the training its very good, just change the label.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So simple, not enough informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maybe too easy... And too focused on the society more than on the brain itself. Enjoyed it though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maybe because I am a med graduate already I expected much more from this course. It was ok, but my impression was always like there was too much of talking what important stuff is going to be discussed, but not really the facts themselves. I would rather learn more practical knowledge. Anyway I learnt some new things as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting as lay person interested in topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somewhat too simple, but still a good basic introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned some important concepts, but all of the material was repeated many times. If the redundancy of information were eliminated, imagine how much more students of this course could learn!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I will rated number 3 because I want to learn more new stuff about protections of my body.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough Tableau use for it to be in the title of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I will start with you do learn a lot from the videos (and the stuff you learn is very valuable), it's the absence of staff or professor involvement that is a problem and why I am not giving 5 stars. Outside of quizzes which are graded by computers, your "practice" assignments (which aren't practice because you can't check your answers before a test, super awesome when you can't really ask for help), final project and forum questions are graded or answered by other students.If you have any confusion, either it will go unresolved or be worsened by potentially wrong answers from other students which I saw happen many, many times. Maybe I am expecting too much from an online learning platform? In all, I feel like while I did learn, I perhaps learned some wrong practices too. So while the videos are great, the actual teacher involvement is poor.Coursera - I am not sure how you and the university work together, but is it totally strange to desire some input from your professor?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I loved this course. The lecture videos taught me a lot and I was happy I got to use whatever I learned in the final project. The only reason why I'm giving three stars was because of the submission process for the final project. It gave me a headache because I didn't really understand how to submit to Tableau public. I tried following the instructions but I couldn't find some things so it confused me a bit. It caused me to submit my assignment late, and it was just not a pleasant process. Maybe upload new instructions with screenshots, or make another lecture video on how to submit.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have given an extra star for the free license software received.Didn't find the course as challenging as the Machine Learning course.The assignments need to be more challenging. Connecting to SQlite / GA Analytics dummy data can be added. Tableau with R session can be incorporated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course!Very well organized, and worked in a format where you would build as you learned and had several milestones for review.The one complaint I have is that the final asks for you to work in Tableau, and provides you a license for 15 days, although the course runs longer than that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course by the standards of when it was made which, going by the overview, looks like 2014. the lectures are based on eclipse while the video teaches how to install android studio. Some of the examples are not compatible with Android studio and work only on eclipse. Being updated with the more recent material would've helped more. Having said that, the teaching style is really conducive to learning for newbies. It's a good introduction to the world of Android development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like this programme its very helpful and encouraging for me to do programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was very excited during Week 1 and Week 2 lectures. Then, the videos kept getting unclear and outdated. The assignment is not engaging. My interest dropped. The videos really need updates!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall I think the course was good. This course requires you to do a lot of self study and research on every single topic. It only covers the very basic and core topics. I would have liked it to have more hands on or practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While this course is interesting and informative, I was hoping that there would be a larger portion dedicated to jobs, industries, and ideas that help make the world a better place. I was hoping that by the end of this course, I would have learned about many more options on how to act now, today, as opposed to such a strong emphasis on the origin and meaning of ethics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Previous courses in this series was better. This iteration is very "paint-by-numbers", much of the material, conclusions, format, is already prepared in advance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides a concise overview of the disorder and suggests some strategies to cope with it at home and in school. I found it a bit too short and too simple.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not professional as that one created by Penn Uni. Named "Pay attention " which is unavailable now and I don't understand why has it been removed from Coursera?!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some content on quizzes wasn't covered in the videosThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am working as an organisational consultant and thought this would add some knowledge - however it is really difficult to follow because it seems repetitive to me... I have paid for the certificate and still it is difficult for me to focus. It seems there is too much information and too much talk for things that are easily understood and do not need all this going over and over again. I got bored by the time I got to week 3 and it is seems impossible to stay focused and complete all assignments. I hope this changes in my third and last chance to get the certificate...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I rated this as a 3 though I got a lot more out of the concepts and the class in the way it was taught than I had when reading books and literature on the subject. I would have wanted more discussions with cohorts taking the class to help cement the practices by virtue of seeing it from other perspectives in different work environments. I can imagine the same class with a moderator and someone facilitating the discussions would get me to the 5 rating. In a nutshell the content is great the experience of the class could be at a higher level then what I experienced.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Despite the material being interesting the instructor's way of teaching it made it boring and hard to pay attentionThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well structured courseCourse material download as a summary would be great (PPT/PDF)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
decent course overall, but problem solutions are much missed. even after completing the course perfectly i'm still not sure how I got some answers.for example: "approximate f^(72)(0) of cos(x^3). I figured the way to solve it, but I hove no idea why it is solved that way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The effort put for explanation by Dr. Fowler is extraordinary. However the course needs to show more of the 'connection between steps' when stating a theorem for convergence tests.This current version of calculus is a bit disappointing, earlier the practice problems were solved in steps.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of random details that the professor seems to have missed make the course difficult because you end up spending hours debugging random, irrelevant things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
During this course I had many issues with bower and version conflicts. I do everything step by step like in the video, and nothing works. I look at error log and realize there is some issue with versions. =\It would be really nice if you explained how to deal with it, instead of making me waste hours of my time on googling this stuff. It almost made me quit using bower forever.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall pretty good, but I think maybe the course ought to be extended a week or so to really take time and look at descriptions of the tasks run in the task runners. The angular content is pretty good and helpful, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Should update to Angular 2, or at least revise some exercises to include code for Angular 1.6.. and keep track properly of when gulpfile should be updated!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercise sources are not up to date, I have come across many problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Definitely Not for young new front end learners .Lots of things difficult to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a hard course and many of the exercises did not have enough details to complete the assignments on time. I had to rely on course forums and a lot of googling to finish the course successfully.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Many errors appeared doing exercises, material needs to be updated - many node modules already deprecated. Also it'll be better if teacher more clarify all the actions he doing. Sometimes he did something not clear and there was no answer what is happening and why in this way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is not for javascript beginners. You should come in with solid understanding of the language - probably more than you would get from the first two courses of this program.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit outdated now, however it is still a good resource to get started.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is good , but some items needs to be illustrated in more details , a great thing of this course is that it gives a lot of practice exercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am a bit disappointed by this course. I was expecting a more fast paced course with more information regarding Angular. Unfortunately in the videos there is a lot of time spent on unnecessary details and reading out loud the source code. The exercises are quite basic and they did not pose real challenges - except for errors coming from mismatched packages or mistakes in configuration files. Also I think that the level of support provided by the mentors of this course is lacking. Mentors are quite absent and very late in providing any help in the forums so the students have to kind of counsel one another - that is sometimes good but a proper class also requires a good level of supervision.All in all I think this is an OK course that is mostly geared to the uninitiated. It needs some serious work to make it a great course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was just fine. Some of the lectures were really good while some lectures were really confusing. The good thing is that course provides excellent resources for further exploring the topics in the course. So i had to consult these additional resources when i find lectures confusing.Course Assignments were really simple. Hardly any assignment took me more than an hour to complete.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall the course is very good but it gets trickier the further you go, specially if you have no experience in this area whatsoever... Take it from someone who's first contact with Web Development was the first course in this Specialization: "HTML, CSS & JavaScript". My advice to students in a similar situation is to look for other sources of information as well and try to experiment with your code as the lessons go by so you can really grasp the meaning of the pieces of code you're writing. Eventually, they'll start to make sense :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Everything is explained in a big rush. Very hard to get starting from the second weekThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A massive amount of content to cover, some of it quite advanced.The exercises become fraught if your code is out of sync with the tutor's code. Things won't work, you won't know why, and there's no real recovery from that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A whole lot of information to absorb, that I will definitely agree with! If there was anything I wish went into more detail, there would be two things.1) Yo / Yeoman: This part of the course was more of an "Obligatory" lecture, just to say it's mentioned. I watched that one video many times over, but still ended up going to YouTube for actual "training" on the ins and outs. I know time is constrained in MOOC's and you don't get the full load of knowledge you would in a traditional school. However, my thoughts are that either give us an exercise so we can at least have that as experience in using it, or just remove it completely. The lecture was put together as a sort of "Follow Along", but it really felt rushed and more of an "Obligatory" thing than an actual lesson.2) Give us more detail on the difference between Services and Factories. Keep in mind that I still have Multi-Platform Mobile App Development, and Server Side Development with Node.js still to go, so I don't know if these are explained more in those courses. As it stands right now, I -still- don't know the difference between a factory and a service, or even what a provider is. When should I use a factory? When should I use a service? Which is better suited for what task? All those questions I do not have an answer for after this course, which feels a bit short for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is deceivingly full of content. If you want to get through this course you need to have a lot of time on your hands because of the shear amount of debugs your code will produce even if you follow the steps to the letter. So many things are taught over a 4 week period that if you do not do the extra reading to understand what is happening you will get an overview of angularjs, bower, gulp, grunt, yo, yeoman and so on without really knowing how to use any of these tools again. Also because of the number of interdependent parts to the application you create, when the professor decides to give you one of the html or js files again to do an assignment, chances are everything will break and you will spend a long time figuring out which variables' names have been changed and blabla...The professor does not give you a good basis for debugging your code, you need to modify the set up of gulp to show understandable stack traces to figure out what is going wrong.If you want a challenging course where you have to go the extra mile learning things from documentation and blogs to substitute the lack of detail in order to complete the course, than this is the course for you!I think this course needs to be restructured and the length increased to 6 weeks instead of 4, with more detailed content and understand of each tool and especially more on angularjsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pity that people had to spend more time on making the plugins work than actually doing the exercises/assignments but good content nonetheless.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good only for newbies and very high-level. No advanced info about Angrular. No tricks. No info about custom directives, $watch, digest cycle, etc. I had expected more detailed courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
steps for exercises are not clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although a good introduction course, sometime is focus on javascript tools rather than on AngularJS itself which, in hand, looses time and doesn't explain/give examples on how to create directives and filters, which are two core functionalities of this framework.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Amount of AngularJS topics covered by the course is too small. All assignments are very typical, just copy-paste from lecture exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was able to grasp the overview of the course. The instructions are delivered well and the flow seems in order. However my lack of background with the topic discussed cause me to stop watching everything. Plus, I can't do the said assignment because I am a beginning on this topic. it seems this is not a course for me to rate based on content. However I will rate it in terms of the aesthetic, organization or structure of the slides .The organization of the content of the slides needs to be properly organized. Long paragraphs are a pain to read. Further when comparing, two concepts, it is easier to comprehend when they are in table form. For instance in FrontEnd JavaScript Framework Overview video, it is better in terms of organization and aesthetic to show library vs. framework in table form.Also, the volume of Introduction to AngularJS video is too loud. Though I can adjust it and lower the volume, but sudden high volume sound is discouraging when the next video has normal volume causing me to adjust it again.I was only able to watch few of the videos but they are good. Just a little improvement needed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So So.Not good to learn an algorithmThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The last 2 lessons did not have much content. Particularly there was no practical assessment on traveling salesmanThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first 3 weeks are really good, 5 stars. Weeks 4 and 5 are way too light. Week 4 has no programming assignment and a short class and 5 has a weak programming assignment and no class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Introduction to data structures. It wastes a week talking about theoretical complexity when it could have been used for something more productive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
learning graph with Java while reviewing varieties of java advanced data structure. in a word, help me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is not enough background information, no reading assignments. This makes the course less understandable. Also, the examples given not related to the stated assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared to the previous 2 courses, this one seemed to have been made in rush. Not enough materials covered, nor enough Java practice opportunity. The course title is misleading because it does not cover any other data structures but graph.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Felt like it was a bit rushed and some of these concepts like Dijkstra definitely deserve a lot more attention.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really related to the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked pretty this course. I learnt some useful skills and tactics in order to develop a negotiation. As a negative point, I found lack of examples so that understand better the theoretical issues as well as to remember better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Generally a good course about the very basics of hardware. It also has a nice introduction to the very basics of C Programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good introduction course. But!But, I don't think it's worth to pay 61 dollar for a couple of hours of lectures, that you can finish during 1 day.I'm really disappointed with the fact, that it's not possible to go through quizes and assignments without payment. What if I can't pay right now, but will be able to pay at the end to receive my certificate? I should go through the course again and I will be late for all assignments, so will have to wait for another course session... Very-very inconvenient.And, yep, coursera reduce the effect of learning with not providing quizes for those who are auditing only.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic progamimg understanding / interacting with ArduinoThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor seems pretty nice and the class is great but even quizzes/answers and assignments are only available for paymentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Prefer more challenging course on this topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It can be nice to walk through this process with a lecturer. Ian Harris does it well and knows the content well enough.Most of this content however is given sufficiently in the pamphlet with the Arduino Uno Starter Kit. Some problems and applications above and beyond the starter kit's intro guide would be nice and appropriate for the course. Additionally, given that this is also supposed to be an intro to C, a bit more detail and some programmatic problem solving in C would have also added good value to the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic overview of the Arduino system. Was expecting to be a bit more comprehensive. However, the final module is worthwhile, even if you know a little arduino programming.This course is baby steps to Arduino programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More detailed insight of topics is required is what I felt. On the whole a great resource to the student community who want to start their microcontroller exploration through Arduino.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good , but not very detailed for programming the ArduinoThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The interface of the classes is too straight, not very flexible. It almost looks like a real classroom, which isn't good in case we're at home learning by ourselves. Still, it has a very good content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This great course and greate insturactorThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not a great amount of contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good but according to me it had a paucity of arduino programming for which i enrolled . However it was still helpful and i enjoyed it .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i expected it to be more advanced.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
On one hand - basics. On the other, you may be lost in the last part of the course. You don't need to understand to complete assigements, but netherless - it's hard to understand if you do not have experience in embedded systems topicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As I was taking this class, I often wondered who the target audience was. Although the class has no listed prerequisites, I noticed a lot of engineering jargon being used without ever defining what it meant. I'm not sure that non-technical people would get much out of the lectures. On the other hand, the lectures were mostly at a superficial level, so I'm not sure that technical people would get much out of them either. The only topic that got a (somewhat) deep dive was serial communication, and it wasn't clear why; users of the Arduino don't need to understand it any more or less than any other aspect of how an Arduino works.There were other issues. The programs we wrote had to be pasted into a submission form that removed all the carriage returns when you hit Save; I had to manually fix my program each time. Perhaps most frustratingly, you could follow the assignment instructions to the letter, but after you submitted you might find out that the grading criteria included other requirements. In one case people asked about it, and it turned out that the grading criteria were wrong, but they were never updated. My sense was that not much effort went into the creation of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
No practical at least till the end of this course in this specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
expected more programs to be taught and more experiments to be shown, disappointingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class gets very math and theory heavy, so I would not recommend it for those looking for programming practice with the algorithms/programming approaches presented in this class. If you want thorough theoretical background information, this class would be a better fit.The use of RNA secondary structure alignment as an example of dynamic programming implementation is overkill. There are much simpler ways to introduce dynamic programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has amazing information in the lectures, but it is difficult in the video lectures to pick out what bits of information are going to be relevant in the quizzes, you will have to re-take quizzes a number of times, no matter how well you are taking notes. Also the very last section is entirely made of a rushed-maths lesson, and a quiz based on that rushed maths lesson that is VERY difficult. I would highly recommend this for anyone who already knows basic Astronomy Math, and caution anyone who doesn't.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
interesting course but you cant do the tests if you didnt pay money (any tasts)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very interesting course.The tasks are achievable and easy to follow.I do not understand how your final qualification depends on an activity qualified by fellow students, many of them, as the instructions read, are not fluent in English. How can they evaluate an activity written in such?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
WIsh there were more assignments. The final project was the only assignment in the course. Object-oriented programming in R requires more than a single assignment to grasp- even at a superficial level.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To complete this course you have to go back and forth for the basic. Also the final assignment is bit ambiguous, more clarity is required.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has a very clear goal. However, the implementation of this goal needs significant improvement. The first three modules were very easy to master. However, the last module was disproportionately difficult, making it unreasonable for learners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The ideas are good, but I dislike the presentation. It's hard to read the screen and quotes when they're only on the screen for a few moments. Lengthy lists are presented, however, I need to pause the video if I want to know anything that's on the list beyond the first two points. These are often the only points explained. If one is only concerned with the spoken word, then you'll gather an okay amount of information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great as an introduction for many things but, unfortunately, it is not possible to keep on developing the themes presented on the lectures because there is no access to the sources used. Without a functional bibliography for the course, the full potential for learning of those enroled is tragically cut.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish this course was more focused on building and analyzing data in excel. It feels like it's more focused on financial measurements and probability, it hasn't related to my line of work yet.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Course, but final project asks a lot for what this course isThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Leve of difficulty was above my expectations. Moved too fast. Could have been more thorough in applying the content to examples similar to the quiz. Seemed to stick to the bare minimum of what would be required before moving to the quiz. Be transparent with future prospective students that this course absolutely requires knowledge of calculus, probability, and statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material but short explanation and no detail exercises and solution practices before the final test makes the test a bite hard to resolve.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Though at the start of the program indicates no prerequisite I would suggest that you be familiar with Algebra and Stats. Most videos are of Dr. Egger writing out algebraic equations and discussing them, the excel component of Mastering data in excel come via pre-made calculators as attachments that you for the most part need to figure out on your own.If you do not have a good comfort level with stats then you will require more time to spend on understanding the spreadsheet and it’s use.It would be fantastic if Dr Egger could go through the spreadsheets as a part of the video and show a couple examples, hopefully revisions down the road !It was challenging but not impossible, and if you do not challenge yourself how much are you really learning?Best of luck!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course only drilled down on specific aspects of excel that were inclined to regression analysis which is just one aspect used in business analysisThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
nice syllabus overall with great exercises.wish it would teach more commonly used excel skills in business e.g. pivot tables, index-match, vlookup etc.lectures were a bit hard to follow (esp the mathy ones) - i'd suggest reworking the blackboard craftThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very hard to comprehend for 6 weeks. But could have been great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not so good. The course explains mathematical models and Excel applications but both are not detailed. There are many mistakes in PPTs and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Getting more theoretical and less practical application on Excel application. Advanced Data interpretation and solving methods information can be included.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The second test should be compulsory for also the non-paying students!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor should spend more time putting equations and concepts into concept, and tying them together. It often felt like values and questions were arbitrary. This is less about master data analysis in Excel, and more about gaining ground in a few key concepts, so the title is misleading as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very challenging. I may not have had the proper background in mathematics to full absorb the material. Similarly I may have to busy of a lifestyle to have properly focused on this class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's more statistics than Excel itself, wich is good but I think the name doesn't fit to itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
inclination was more towards concept than excelThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The order and content of the lessons wasn't planned with sufficient care.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quiz does not require hands-on experience of creating templates but rather simply plugging in numbers. Students may forget most of the content after finishing the quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
could have lecture more.... the videos talks little about the spreadsheet providedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's too advanced for people with no experience in statistics and sometimes too abstract to relate withThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not so comfortable with using Excel.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Course is fine, explanations and videos are a bit hard to follow at times.The final assessment is in my opinion very bad, as it i appears to me quite unrelated to the course it self. The lectures are quite abstract and the exam is a practical application of the concept.The instructions of the course also aren't very good as you need to do each part of the final project at the end of each week.I would strongly suggest to not take this course unless you have many spare hours.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has a lot to do with math and statistics and I find it really hard to follow especially when it comes to the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was hard to follow along with the lessons, because it was mainly present in formulas. More examples might help students relate the information better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This quickly became a statistics course, which although important was really difficult for me as I went in not expecting it.However, Dr. Egger is incredible! I think he's a fantastic and well-versed instructor in the Data & Analytics realm and am eager to find ways I can use what I've learned into practice at work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class has great concept but it needs a bit more structure and change to hit its full potential.The Good:-The spreadsheets and exercises along with Quiz material. The project was also very informative.The Bad:- The video need to better explain how Area Under Curve and how the Credit model make sense. It was not very intuitive and I struggled for over 2 weeks to put the Project together due to this gap.But a worthwhile class with great potential. I am glad I took it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough practices for the unexperienced students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The attendants might already have a good foundation of econometric and probability statistics before taking this course. Some definitions might be difficult to understand especially how it would be applied in real life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Way too theoretical. This is Excel, not Information Theory....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The importance of this course is huge. However, I did miss better explanation from some topics...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course did not live up to its potential.The course should be retitled as an "Intro to Statistics" not learning functions and visualizations on excel.I still have three stars because I at least picked up some useful concepts from it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was over my head academically and I was able to glean very little from it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not so relevant with real work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great class, however I felt it was very heavy on statistics and math concepts versus how to use Excel for data analysis. I would've liked to see some strategies on how to analyze large datasets, look for trends, and clean up bad data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good, but no material and lack of structureThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's quite interesting, but definitely not a beginners one. I'm put off quite a bit by the exclusively financial examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would like to have more example, it feels there is mostly theory. The quizzes were super easy, I dropped out at final project, I couldn't get through the first questions. The course (and especially the final project) requires a good basis in statistics beforehand.The assistants are super helpful and patient.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
still needs a better way of explaining the diversity of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
after the second week I droped this course...I thought it will include excel and economics knowledge but was very wrong..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good, but I feel it's too difficult. It would be good to suggest 'optional' prerequisite course if there is any. Thanks Dr. Egger.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The later part of the sessions lacks practical applicability and it is more abstract, that I find difficult to relateThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course contents are rather deep which is good and makes it challenging. Explanations could be better and there should be more content on some topics for better understanding. Someone with background in statistics would find this course more useful than on who only has basic knowledge of statistics. Nevertheless, it inspired me to learn from other sources to fill the gaps in my understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gives you interesting analysis tools, but the title suggests you are going to learn new Excel tools, and you actually use it at a very low level.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The whole course has very little about excel, rather about aweful a lot of data models. The course title is very misleading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
They have a lot of good material. It will probably be better the second time around.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro and fundamentals, but focuses far too much on finance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really interesting course and material and a very good instructor. This would be a 5 stars course if it wasn't for the final project. During lessons some concepts of statistics were taken as known (which is okay). However the final project required to utilize a combination of all new learned material on a whole different level of difficulty compared to the preceding quizzes. I did not expect that jump in difficulty and enjoyed the course a lot but the final project just was a struggle.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is too complicated for me this courese, not very useful for daily work. but anyway iThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has some valuable information, however course materials and videos are not so helpful. If you already have some knowledge about statistics and excel, it will be a lot easier to follow the instructor's lectures, otherwise I don't feel how a beginner could really follow up on this course. Some topics are run through so quickly that they are confusing to students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, gently showing an introduction. Had the playspeed at 1.25x the entire time though, otherwise they talked too slow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting material and well explained, but videos are quite plain - borderline boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thanks for providing lots of interesting materials! As for me, i would prefer having more advanced tests and tasks as the given ones did not really help me remember the materials. I would also appreciate having some additional materials on the brain areas in this course, since this area was completely new to me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content was very interesting, however, the way it was presented was very dull and monotonous. The script was great - very insightful and informative, but having the presenter talk for the whole lecture without more frequent use of diagrams, figures, etc. to help understand the concepts is not helpful and incomprehensible to me. Specially when it comes to a course with so much geographical content, it would be good to have a more consistent depiction of maps. Furthermore, with all the new concepts, visual aid would help students understand what things are and what they look like since the backgrounds chosen for the lectures have little or nothing to do with the course whatsoever.On the other hand, I do think that the questions throughout the videos are extremely useful as they (usually) tackle problems that were not mentioned previously and gets the student to think independently. Finally, the end of lesson tests always have one or two challenging questions which is great. This course has a 5 star potential, so I hope the reviews are being read so they can work towards that goal!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a very technical portion to this class making it difficult for the neophyte to truly understand and explain course content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am new to statistics and found most of the lessons difficult to understand, although I did pass the course and had taken the first two courses of the specialization before. More exercises would help. Also I do not plan on using R in the future so this part of the course was not very relevant to me, but it was not the hardest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has fun illustrations and a high quality of production, but the lessons themselves don't dive very deep. Ideas are introduced but not considered in depth. One such example is variance. We get the equations but not much insight into what it is a measure of and it's value. Additionally, and this might just be me, but the experiments used to illustrate examples at times are difficult to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course material is not enough, you need to also refer at least one reference book as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
2 Stars less because they should have included R video tutorialsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have started this course again and again. Although the lectures themselves are clear enough, the quizzes are sometime so confusing and don't reflect the way that topic was taught. The worst part is R lab. I understand nothing of it. It makes no sense. I should not be part of a basic statistics course. I have wasted my money on a specialization that I can't get because I will not, and simply cannot learn R. They should have made that clear this would involve programming. I am only now thinking of learning from the videos but have given up the hope of getting a specialization certificate.The instructor in the first two session was still engaging, but starting in the third lesson the instructor is so boring and his voice makes me drowsy. Plus his sentences are so long and confusing. He has a horrible way to explain something. They need to keep in mind this is BASIC statistics, so cut down on the jargon. He does introduce the terms in 3.01 but just after one video the words don't magically sit in my memory.I've given 3 stars because although I have to work double hard just to make sense of what the instructor says by reading a book on basic statistics, at least the videos provide a structure, good examples and after watching them a few times things become clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
some of the videos were outstanding and easy to understand. Need more handholding for understanding of concepts and review/explanation of the quiz results will reinforce learning further.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The cartoons and animations used in this course really make statistics a lot easier and interesting. However few modules especially the later part of probability do not explain the concepts thoroughly. However, this is a great place to start!Also, the addition of R exercises are a great ideaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the notes given after the lectures should contain the formula the students need. Also the quizes should show the correct answers once you completed them, if not you cant figure out why the questions are wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall this course has some valuable information. Although, I found the pace was a bit fast, only covered enough to get by, not gradually building up to a point. Each assignment or lab you first have to struggle figuring out the skeleton code where they could have provided a bit more comments, tips and guidance. I would recommend this course for someone that at least have a basic Java or programming background. Not for complete new developers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are no lectures on Services, and Content Providers which are two key components of the Android system. It really disappointed me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
After 3 great courses in this specialization, this one was disappointing. The content just isn't explained well in the videos. The Labs were fine. I'm sorry but the course seemed rushed, and it isn't great marketing for the Bayesian approach. As a consequence, I am now not sure if I want to do the capstone......The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but need more details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found some of the instructional videos a bit confusing. It was difficult to understand the underlying methodology of some of the concepts explained. I believe the instructors assumed the students had a more rigorous understanding of the underlying calculus than was suggested for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit boring, but still informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is no discussion forum. There are some concepts made me confused and I want to discuss with some other classmates. Another thing is there almost has no example, teacher just say the principles. I think one or two example for a principle may make some concepts more clear and can be understood easier.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thanks to this course, i am now understanding the principle and methodology of phylogeneticsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is nice but very lengthy videos and at one points i didn't understand some topics , quiz are pretty tough to solve .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The submission system for submitting assignments in most of the cases does not work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good Mooc, but I think it should imply many more examples to be made by the own students along the course. I really liked the previous one (Java for Android) and of course I´m going to finish the rest of courses. It´s worth it. On the other hand, examples are good and explanations properly presented. Good... but not as good as the previous.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a lot of good information in the course about how different components communicate with each other in android; however, there is way too much information way too fast. I really enjoyed the rhythm in the first course but, this course left me lost more times than not. Its a great course if you plan on spending large amounts of time searching the web for other resources to complete the optional assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall it is OK, but the example framework is more like created for teach purpose which is not practical in industry. Moreover, it seems there are many incorrect part in the assignment especially optional code assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1 professor just did not make sense to me. do not just read out the pseudo code but instead try to visually show whats happening step by step with arrows and calculations from scratchThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures are very confusing. Instructors should use white boarding to explain codes. Difficult to follow them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materials covered are not enough to fully explore the topics. Should include much more detailed explanations especially when explaining some of the complex algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course covers important aspects of techniques used to solve popular problems. But it misses to cover introductory points in some modules (i.e: dynamic programming module) as well as the accent of some instructors isn't clear enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really had a hard time understanding Dynamic Programming. I recoomend to remove this topic and focus more on solidifying foundations so that students can be more prepared for moving through the whole Algorithm Courses. I never heard of this topic before and the lecturer ommited many steps when explaining the Edit Distance. I was forced to look for other resources like Open Courseware Algorithms course, and this is how could understand what was dynamic programming easily. Hope this helps!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Homework was very nice, but strong accent of lecturers impeded meThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little light on the theoryThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had already done "Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part 1", so this course was not as good as that one.This course had lot of programming questions, which I find very good to have for any course. I just hope next courses of the specialization will be beneficial for my career.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall is good course with many exercises, forum is supportive, however mentors/instructors never answered my questions (i guessed they bothered only with the very first session when course was launched) Language is sometimes overly complicated and hard to grasp the main principles of the algorithm (e.g. dynamic programming week 5) I watched youtube to understand same ideas but explained in much simpler way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The problem sets are great and probably worth the price, but the lectures become very hard to follow after week 3 and the discussion forums are very disorganized - it's hard to find useful information. Some of the lectures have slides available, some don't; some of the lectures have somewhat-useful subtitles/transcripts, others have incomprehensible garbled messes (I don't know if they're machine-generated or just transcribed by someone with no understanding of the material/vocabulary - logarithm != algorithm!).I really like the problem sets, but some of the lectures are pretty rough, just a guy talking in front of some pseudocode for 10 minutes. The instructors seem friendly and engaging, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I agree with some of the reviews here. It's fantastic at the beginning of the course. Towards the end, unfortunately the professor's accent is heavy and sometimes difficult to understand. The subtitles don't help either because they were auto-generated. My brain had to take extra cognitive workload to decipher what was actually said before trying to understand the materials on the slides and everything else. I also didn't like the way index 0 and 1 is mixed in different lectures. Why shouldn't we stay consistent in pseudocode using index starting with either 0 or 1? The slides are confusing regarding this matter especially when you translate algorithms into code.Nonetheless, I liked the assignments overall. The course's instructors included some of very interesting problems and indeed helped understand the lessons better. I also liked the course structure and the carefully prepared slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was nice, considering the messages and the amount of time. However, participation and feedback by others was really limited.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
descriptions was not enough for me, the BMC concepts could be more elaborated by giving examples and explaining different types of businesses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Still waiting for my assignment grades for weeks 1-3 despite having had many people mark these.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
short, effective and precise, contain all necessary for a initial learner about Business Model Canvas. In my case, I am an intermediate learner, so it was not enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are new in the learning of business model generation is a choice to start with. But if you already have some experiencie this course is very very basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is pretty good for a beginner.But it emphasis too much on using third party authoring tools and proper coding is not implemented.The required code is auto-generated and we as learners are only asked to make few changes on the already existing code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well the course is reasonably well organized the material is in great detail exceeding what I would've thought the overview concept of big history would be. Other big history courses I've taken do not go into specific date and time detail, period by period But function more in terms of how preceding events may be causative for future events (more like a butterfly effect analysis over long periods of time).If you are looking for more detailed specific history than this course is useful. If you are looking for more of the big history overview concept this may not be the best course for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent lecturers and high-quality material to study, although the course is heavily centered on human History as opposed to Big History - i.e. early Universe and its development over a time span of billions of years.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The history of the universe, mainkind and the future in 6 weeks. A very short introduction but a good ideaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course took me three months of several hours of work a week to complete. While I definitely learned a lot during that process, it would have been really helpful to have more active instructor engagement and feedback (although I realize that this may not be possible when an official course session is not in progress, which is when the bulk of my work for this course took place).I also think many of the problem statements could have been more clearly defined. For example, I spent a lot of time on the "Bubble detection" problem constructing graphs that allowed for multiple edges between two nodes, when it turned out that in order to pass I did not need to implement this.That being said, I've learned a lot from the courses in this specialization, and thanks for the work put into it!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The problems are interesting, the course is great. However, the problem sets in this programming challenge are often not so well-defined, which makes it really difficult to solve (especially the dataset problem). The solution of the problems usually turns out to be quite simple, but is not applicable to a large set of problems, only to the particular dataset that is given (and the characteristics of this dataset is not given; so I end up thinking about all possibilities that might occur for that dataset, which makes the problem more difficult).The examples given in the problem set are also not sufficient to describe the characteristics of the problem clearly.However, I really appreciate the whole courses, and I think it has been a great experience to go through the courses! Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very difficult course if you are new to R. Otherwise an okay courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quizzes were engaging but i think it requires some knowledge in use R for data science. Though i learned a lot. Thanks again.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is not support in the forumThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher explains concepts very well. Really worth the time to go over the lectures several times.The programming assignments however lack instructions and the online judgement system has some strange requests which are not illustrated in the instruction. You have to guess what the assignment is about each time.Overall very good lectures but poor assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So easy~But the teacher is well！The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I missed information about behaviour in wild and domestic animals and also, some of the papers that you recomend are not for free, so some of us can't acces to that information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but can be long due to accompany materialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course, although lacks course notes. The final test (week 5) had a few questions which weren't covered in the lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good cource but its medical content about how to treat disease is low and needed to be moreand clinical cases is low alsobut another topics is very goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is mostly theoretical. So far it's difficult to say anything about its practical implications and usefulness. It's my first course on Coursera, so I can't compare. But I think sometimes it lacks a bit clarity, especially considering lecturer's English and bad quality of subtitles which sometimes do not match real lecturer's words. Anyway it was interesting and now I'm really intrigued about how I can apply this new knowledge to real everyday development tasks. Most probably I will try following courses in the specialization. Thanks a lot to authors!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thank you so much for the interesting course. My thesis in master was on Antibacterials and (and more subjects) I am much interested in Microbiology. I am going to continue my PhD in Microbiology and this course was a kind of review for me with some new details. Especially ResFinder was really interesting to me. Thank you so much for the class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really interesting and I found it really useful. However, there are lots of repetitive lectures and I think they could be grouped and summarized or even expanded for topics avoiding the repetitions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
excellent for me and my carrierThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I loved the first three weeks for the really well presented background information. Weeks 4 and 5 did not give me any further interesting knowledge. I also missed lectures on qPCR, NGS and other molecular methods for the detection of antibiotic resistance genes, as these methods are up and coming. Overall, thank you for setting up this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
lectures are too long, it lacks clinical correlation.the course focus only technical lab issues, when you look for antimicrobial resistance course, the last thing that you need is tech theory. Of course that some concepts are needed in order to provide fundamental basis, but the main goal is and always will be how to interpret antibiograms and infere the most probable mechanism of resistance. So there is a need for clinical correlation. If its not present, the course should be entitled "Laboratory methods for antimicrobial resistance"The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was much more complete, diverse and time-consuming than expected. The quality of the teachings was inequal in my humble opinion. I found Pr.Germano a bit stiff in his teaching and it was very hard for me to follow his classes. Other teachers were great though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is supposed to be very informative. It is in fact. But after I spend hours raising my intellectual level trying to understand what they're talking about, I still have no idea what is the purpose of the meditation.Or rather I have it, but from another source, from a person who's been practicing it for 20 years. In 10 minutes I was given a crystal clear and logical answer on what is was all about. Unfortunately this course doesn't give this answer. It will rather improve your skill of understanding highly intellectual texts and will show you some interesting stuff about the brain.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview of buddhist meditationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learned a lot and already integrated daily meditation into my life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have to admit that the professors know the topic and are conducting amazing research, but the course was dry and terribly designed. The videos are too long, without quizzes or activities to break the long dry monologues. They also talk like robots and one gets lost really fast. I have taken many courses in coursera with long and short videos, with boring and engaging teachers but this is by far the worse. They are trying to show off so much information and in such a high level language (to most), that it makes it incredibly boring. I should add that I have studied Buddhism, and there are so many better ways to provide people an opportunity to come into contact with this beautiful topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The faculty of this course represent a wonderful assembly of knowledge and experience. But the course was not well organized, and the emphasis on fine teaching that I have found in most Coursera courses was not present.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't like the main lecturer of the course. I believe his is smart and everything but for me as non-native english speaker I found the way he speaks is extremely hard for comprehension.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great theme for a course, perfect idea, but I had some issues with execution of it. So, these are the issues:The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative but not very focused or streamline. The lectures on brain plasticity and such I found largely irrelevant to the subject matter. Maybe an attempt to make the lectures a little less 'wordy'. I know this is Buddhism which is notoriously filled with concepts and long winded explanations but I think a lot of viewers could lose interest. I enjoy the course but I already have a great deal of familiarity with Buddhism. I was a Vajrayana practitioner for three years. Maybe a course focused more on Shakyamuni and the basics of Buddhist teaching along with a few courses familiarizing listeners to terms might be useful as a preliminary to the following courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some lectures are presented in very flat boring to follow manner. Though neuroscience part is presented brilliantly and makes it totally worth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The positive.What a wealth of material! This is a very worthy attempt to integrate the history, philosophical underpinnings and modern transformations of Tibetan Buddhist meditation.Clifford Saron’s Week 2 lectures on neuroscience and neuroplasticity were fascinating and intriguing introductions to the topic - very engaging.The negative.Too academic for an introductory course. David Germano’s lectures are full of information but he doesn’t help the learner to make sense of it. His ‘academic speak’ obfuscates meaning rather than making it accessible. More diagrammatic slides at the start would give learners a framework of the overarching concepts.Because of the many perspectives presented each week, this course needs A LOT of time. I personally would have leaned better if the course were broken into smaller weekly segments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
(I posted this review in a blog [https://guhyasamajacenter.wordpress.com/2015/10/03/review-of-the-free-coursera-tibetan-buddhist-meditation-and-the-modern-world-lesser-vehicle-course-given-by-uva/]. Much of the courseware was outstanding. Many of the videos were so poorly done (boring) that I couldn't watch them. (I do not watch people read prepared text in a video. Ever.)----------- From the blog ----------------------------------I recently took the FREE Coursera course, "Tibetan Buddhist Meditation and the Modern World". (https://www.coursera.org/learn/buddhist-meditation) From the course catalog: " Tibetan Buddhist Meditation and the Modern World explores the immense variety of meditation practices past and present. We present their histories, their philosophical underpinnings, their transformations in the modern global world, and we give you a chance to reflect upon meditation practices through secular contemplations designed just for this course." (Note: In the class overview, it is noted that the term "Lesser Vehicle" is "perjorative" but they use it anyway. ??")There are many FREE reasons to take this FREE "Lesser Vehicle" course (the first of four):#1 - An awesome, wonderful hour-long interview with Sharon Salzberg, one of the founders of the Insight Meditation Society. What an awesome lady. I was not aware that she is also a Dzogchen student. (Did I mention it was FREE?) Worth signing up for the course just to skip to Week 6 to watch this interview.#2 - Guided Meditations by Dr. Anne Klein and Anam Thubten. Very, very, very nice. FREE, it's ALL FREE.#3 - The Science of Mindfulness against the Background of the Scientific Study of Meditation videos with Dr. Clifford Saron, neuroscientist. His videos start in Week 1 and continue through Week 6 in building a basis for understanding the scientific research on meditation. He (and the course) demonstrates what can and cannot (presently) be scientifically proven about meditation. One excellent example: Two trained pianists were told to learn a complicated piece of music, one with the piano, and the other only in his imagination. After 2 weeks (I think) of practice, their brains' MRI patterns exhibited almost the exact same changes. Dr. Saron noted that the results are not definitive but still may have implications for the compassion/bodhicitta meditations we do.#4: An interview on "Buddhist Modernism", with David McMahan. Very much academic-oriented. One statement, in particular, struck me since, the more I think about it, the more I think it might be true: "The Buddhist Tantra teachings are not accepted nor are they popular in the West." For all the Buddhist monastics that visit the USA and the West to grab donations and go back to their home countries, few of them are sticking around to teach complete Tantra classes. The few that do (and do it well) are having a hard time making ends meet. (That's just my opinion, I guess.)There are also short 5-10 minute interviews with Khenpo Tsultrim Lodro (a short "snapshot" of the Tibetan take on the week's particular subject, which was often better (to me) than the 90min-long "talking head" version ) and Ven. Tsoknyi Rinpoche ("How does Buddhism change in a New Culture" and "Benefits and Dangers of Secularing Buddhism", the TB rebuttal, as it were. He did note that motivation is the key. Bad agenda = bad results, good motivation will cause good results.)Have I noted the course is FREE? So you can take the course, and the following courses, without doing any of the assignments/quizzes. Watch (or download) any video or transcript to your heart's content whenever you wish in any order you wish. (That assumes the courses are not taken off-line at a future date.) Further in the course description is a blurb that may point to at least 3 future courses in "Mahāyāna, …Vajrayāna, …and a fourth vehicle, which is explicit in many Tibetan materials, though no standard term ever emerged that was accepted by all sectarian traditions - we will thus term it as the “Natural Vehicle” or “Post Tantra”." If the quality of guided meditations (GM) in following classes are even half the quality of this course's GM's, then that's all the reason I need to continue the future classes, too.Course gotchas:#1. That said (other shoe dropping here), the other half of the course was videos of people reading their prepared academic papers, in monotone or semi-monotone voices. (Transcripts are available. I figure I can read a paper in 5% of the time someone else reads it to me in a video. Ugh.) However, they would probably need the voice of Morgan Freeman, James Earl Jones, B. Cumberbatch or James Spader to keep me awake. To be fair, the content is golden, although the papers seems to be geared to the academic community, rather than the student community. Books and Videos on these subjects are all over Amazon, YouTube, FPMT, Dharma-Documentaries, etc.#2. The Sharon Salzberg (SS), in her interview, brought up an excellent point. She noted that she and a noted clinical psychology (CP) scientist (researcher) (whose name I have forgotten) were at a conference where the issue on the table was that someone was having trouble with "loving kindness" meditation as a first meditation class. SS noted that she would instantly recommend the student change to "calm abiding" meditation whereas the CP could not change that student's meditation technique to another technique (such as calm abiding) as her research findings would then be invalid. Similarly, many of the non-Buddhist guided meditations that I viewed in this course felt like a physical education or "How To" class. Do this. Do that. It did not feel as though they lived the material, just taught it. (Whereas it was patently obvious Dr. Klein & Anam Thubten were definitely "walking the walk", so to speak, so were able to speak from the heart.)Interviews I did not watch, that may be of great interest to others, include meditation in the school system by Tish Jennings, meditation in the Business Community (an interview with David Mick), the Burmese meditation tradition in an interview with Erik Braun, the MBSR (Meditation Based Stress Reduction) with Susan Bauer-Wu, and meditation in the legal community with Rhonda Magee.And all that is just the first course. Many of it's "failings" may just be my karmic opinions. The course is worth checking out and watching/reading/meditating on those parts that interest you. In that respect, the breadth of the course content is quite nice and so well done. Grade: B-.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An interesting class that traces the origins of Buddhist meditation and the Western usage today. A nice dovetailing of research topics covered to attempt to link measurable changes due to meditation practices while trying to maintain a good control group; not easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I could barely get the videos to work. The information was great, what I could get to, anyways.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good. I just do not give five stars because we have to pay to atempt pass.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course for those who want to fully understand the inner workings of a computer.However, the utilities offered are a bit neglected. Be prepared to fight bugs on your own.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting but too many informations on a short courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its a very basic course helps you a lot if . you don't have much background in the feildThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its very informative but not attractive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The contents of this course will be familiar to anyone who reads popular science books. The course is useful mainly for pulling various strands together, but don't expect much depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Helps me a lot understand how to organize knowledge and study better. Thank you very much!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm kind of disappointed with this last level. It isn't really what i expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Expecting more hands on experience with big data frameworks like Hadoop or Spark. Instructions of the final assignment is very confusing, you don't actually know what it really want you to do until you go through all the Q&As in the discussion forum, which is really wasting time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information overall, but the "peer graded" assignment at the end is poorly designed and seems unnecessarily arbitrary. Not a clear value add over a "final exam" format to justify waiting days for someone to "grade" your work. Instructions for this assignment are poorly written and unclear - for example, completely NOT clear you are asking us to identify a primary key versus stating there is no primary key, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
IMHO it's better to reduce the scope but provide more details of key technologies. Final assignment is not well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1. The course is very general and high level introduction.2. During the lectures there are some examples that in some cases are presented as very small images and briefly. I personally could not understand some examples presented in week 5.3. I found the hands-on lectures very helpful. I wish there was more that would delve into more examples in more details.4. The course was very overpriced given the amount of information offered compared to other courses I have taken at coursera.Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not Very relevant and detailed as the previous course. The content is not as clear and simple as previous courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final test has little to do with the course. You must do extra study to respond.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There has been very few on-hands training. It's still very very at an introductory level. At some points it goes very deep, for example with the vectors for a document, but with the rest stay at a very high level. Open an excel sheet can not be considered training ...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course offers very useful high level overview of concepts and ideas which make you feel confident in the long run. However, the course is extremely basic and does not go deep beyond the high level concepts. The hands on exercises are boring and do not engage students. The course needs to be improved to make it more useful for students. This course is not very worthy of the money.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course takes a broad approach to the subject.What I miss: the study material should provide more and better organized (theoretical) information (e.g. on topcis like database design, data structures, etc.)What I like: presenting of current software projects around big dataThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really wish I could give this course more stars, the content is great and well delivered and at a perfect level for someone like me who last worked with big data sets when 20Mb was absolutely enormous and Windows 3.1 was cutting edge technology. But and this seems to run across the whole specialisation, support from the course team varies between very patchy and none at all. Technical questions aren't answered for days if at all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The level of the exercises and quizzes don't reflect the content of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Reasonably good, but less structured and organized that the first course.I hope the next one will be better on this aspect.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is very good, but the definitions and explanations are not straight forward.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just about okay. Wouldn't recommend to pay for this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was my second course of six. It was so theoretical but at the final exam it required so much exercises. I propose enrich the course with exercises and hands onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Peer-graded assignments are bad for multiple reasons. Most important one -- If I'm paying for this course I expect my work will be verified by skilled people, not by other "students".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although Content quality was good, the content is too much less and could have been easily integrated to first course or other course in specialisation.Secondly Quiz were not challenging ,it was just too easy to pass, and this actually takes away the very reason they were employed in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More practical exercises should be recommended.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course taking into account that it does not require previous knowledge. I am giving "only" 3 stars because for a basic (no previous requirements) course I would expect much more additional readings. On the other hand, if you have programming or database experience you will find some topics too "basic".I have liked it more than the first course on the specialization but I would expect more details (I think general topics are well explained).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
3.5+ star course. I hope by studying the following courses, contents of this course prove to be more practical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1*(star) to the professor very difficult to understand the professor many times. Even the subtitles fail sometimes to present what he says. 5*(star) to the content of the course and especially the tool used to explain and learn the BI concepts. I have already recommended the tool to couple of companies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Difficult to understand the video lectures at time but really useful content. Excellent further reading sections at the end of each module.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course is great in concept. but the reality was disappointing and will have to improve. the professor gave lots of links to interesting external materials. but his prepared lectures were much briefer and consisted mostly of presenting bullet-point lists. as a result, i found myself studying just to pass the quizes and not to actually enhance my knowledge. :( given the high standard of the other courses in this specialization, i'm sure it will be better next time....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content of the course is very good, useful and interesting, I greatly appreciate the knowledge delivered. But assignments could improve:-All module assignments seems mostly focalize on using Microstrategy tool. In assignments, i would like to see more exercises so that students learn through practice of business cases. For example, I prefer the way modules are organized in courses 1,2, and 3: concepts with examples, practice exercise, then assignment through similar exercise + a quiz.-In last assignment, there was no suggested solution(s) for the last question, i think this is missing for a good understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did the free part of the course. It was too simpleI did other free MOOCs that had much more.The videos were like reading a book. The subject is interesting and there's some potential to the practical part of the course.I only did the first 3 weeksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Accurate , but very basic information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Loved the course, would take a continuation if available. Little basic but with enough info. Great ideas for cooking. Felt it was too based in USA information and some was not really conclusive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are some nice cooking tips, but this is targeted to very young students/parents with no cooking experience, and I expected more than general information on food impacts on children.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
learned something, but not as much as i expected. hope to add more nutrition knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
After taking a Nordic food diet course where they talked about children's' diets in the Nordic countries and how they were changing the norm, this course covered the basics as to what and why certain foods are good for you. I had been hoping for more complex recipes, but there were some differences to my dishes that I already make which were a nice change.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
doens't address the vegan lifestyleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative and basic...would have liked to have gone into more detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too simple for what I was looking for. Wanted more detail on specific day-to-day routines/ for weaning from breast milk to solids, including learning the nutritional basis for recommendations. Then also mThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit american - but I like it!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic. No processed foods.. ok but what else?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice and clear course, but the level is not university level...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course seems like it would benefit parents but does not do much for a nutrition health professional.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good place to start for beginners with some scientific information. Easy and quick to do food demonstrations, basic enough that students can build upon them depending on what is available at hand.Some ideas just tend to be redundant throughout the weeks, but I guess that is what she wants to stress on. No to processed food!! :)) I just wish you kept the discussion boards open, so we have a platform to discuss ideas and exchange recipes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simplistic. But so easy for anyone to watch and learn. I wish more people would take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information, a bit basic though. I would've enjoyed a more in depth course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a really interesting course, it refers to the general public, with smart tips and quick recipies. Also, for those who know nothing about the sience part of lipids, carbohydrates and trace elements, in generall, it constitutes a very informative ''package'' for everyone. There is no specialaization in this kind of coures us I expected, because I am a food technologist, I kwnow most of the parts, but still it is really helpfull and interestin! Verry good job!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for beginners, but those with higher levels of nutrition knowledge will likely: 1. Find it way too easy; 2. Find that the recipes actually contain rather unhealthy ingredients (e.g., always avoid butter--too unhealthy); and 3. Find the lack of vegetarian, vegan, low-carb, and other diet-lifestyles discouraging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's good for people who are beginners in cooking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Child Nutrition and Cooking was a pretty fun and easy course. As a stay at home mom and experience novice cook since childhood this class was more of a recap of basic cooking for me and a nice reminder of nutritional goals and current standards. I enjoyed it for my introduction to Coursera. Unfortunately this course didn't offer offer a certificate or statement of accomplishment in any form at the time I took it. :(The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic course, not too challenging to a non-american.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a great course for new parents who have no background on child nutrition. For those who are already familiar with basic nutrition, most of this course may be a review for you but there's some good information and facts to take away. I wish the instructor had a little more training/skill in the cooking segments (e.g. basic knife skills she said don't cut your finger but held the knife completely wrong, using the knife to point at different ingredients).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The modules are rampant with bias against "big food," without considering the science. On the other hand, if you take the course as a whole, then yes, the population would be better off if we all followed the suggestions contained in this course than if we continue on our current path for how we consume food. So the general idea is not without merit. However, I would have expected better from a Stanford faculty member. What is being taught should be just the science, without opinions or biases.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good and clear content. A bit from an American point of view... I missed some in depth explanation (like the class of the nerv-system or the Glycemic index). Overall easy to watch and good lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course is very useful if you want to learn about something that majority of people(not including me) don't care about, and is based on out-dated info and opinions of a high middle class, house mom. this course is a waste of data. someone get some actual statistics here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoy the food preparation and the important facts about our body, about our food intake habits. thank u a lot Maya.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overall course, basic and got me interested in cooking again!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course about eating suggestions and good recipesIt could be useful giving details on how making a diet for children, with information about calories they need and so onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very challenging. It would be better if a couple of practice exercises were put after the relevant lecture videos and not just after the weekly lecture videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
discussion thread should be answerable and solution to the test should be available...all other things are good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course if you do not have any idea about Big Data and the technology used.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was expecting more hands on stuffs, the class is too conceptual. The sound volume of the videos is not consistent, hope Coursera can improve a bit on this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
No technical support is provided for VM issues.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An amazing course to get a brief understading about Big Data, the course needs an improvement in the slides, and additional resources for better understading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first week or so feels inconsistent and oversimplified. After that, when you get into the actual content, it gets much better. It then ends on a peer-graded assignment. While the assignment itself is creative and fun to complete, I've never been a fan of peer-graded assignments so early in an introductory course load.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course need some odifications because of cloudera versionThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm not sure who the target audience is for this course. The level of presentation seems rudimentary to me. I had a hard time sustaining interest in the course and did not finish.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I little slow to start but the pace picks up nicely. Content is generally easy to follow. Some differences between spoken and voice recognition subtitled text. Practical tests were interesting but not particularly well explained for the MapReduce shapes task, which seemed to leave a few puzzled.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would be good if more explanation and more examples are demonstrated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The classes could have been delivered by creating more interest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The time / usefulness rate of this course is very low. Most of the stuff they teach (at least in introduction) is very basic theory that's presented in not really interesting way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it's too much basic stuffs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should be some reading material to assist learning. The course was too expensive for the small content it providedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very useful with what knowledge it provides. However, it would be better if there were more hands-on exercises on relevant stuff. The exercises are too easy and boring. Tougher exercises should be added and more time should be spent on the Hadoop Ecosystem part. Knowing the history helps but it should not replace more important topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a lot about talking and theory which is not very interesting. Final part of course is trying to work with hadoop using virtualbox and provided virtual image.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to big data (last time I was working with it was in the 1990s when a few 10s of MB was a huge dataset!). Slightly let down by the forums, despite loads of mentors there seems to be almost no presence of the teaching staff beyond setting up a few posts to spark discussion which in reality just prompt short responses and no replies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to big data. I would prefer that the hadoop lesson have more practical exercices;The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little bit too conceptual and very basic. Hadoop hands on and HDFS should be much more intensive. However, good material, well presented and explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good introduction, but more optional hadoop exercises can be added.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd recommend this course be taken as audit. Doesn't add specific value to your skill set! But, it's good to know :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An introductory course that seems like it should have been the first week of a more in-depth course instead of being a stand-alone course. The cost vs benefit of this particular course is questionable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is alright and up to date. The instructors are also good, passionate and has a great knowledge.What brings everything down is the video editing and the slide design/quality. They are terrible and clearly not in the field of profession of the creators.All in all, it is an average course, but I can recommend it to anyone interesting in the topic, because it does its job. If someone could improve the slides and the video editing could reach the youtube video reviewer/critic level, it could easily do a 4 out of 5.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe this course can be performed much faster, beware that it is really an introduction, and IT professionals persons may feel it slow, in addition the presenter speaks English very slowly, good for non English proficient persons, but bad for the others.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is ok but I found that there were some technical quirks that could be ironed out first. Example is to download the text files in the final assignment the command wget is invaluable. How to leave safe mode if the Name node is in safe mode. VirtualBox is default to 32 bit/ubuntu when the image is 64 bit/Centos/Redhat.In addition the course content is a bit little. It says 3 weeks but I finish it in 2 days. Perhaps it is about quality and not quantity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Introductory Level Course.Nothing much on analytical methods.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative but the structure is a lecture where the concepts are basically read from a paragraph. Perhaps I'd give more stars if I only saw diagrams.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only skims the surface of Big Data, even for an introduction course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an introduction course, and no advanced concepts are seen. I think it provides a good background, that is all. If you have a solid technical (programming, databases, etc.) knowledge maybe you will miss more hand-ons. For me, for an introductory and theoretical course I expected more resources, for example additional suggested readings, optional exercises...Lectures are well structured (intro and summary at the end), but I have missed presentations from some of the most interesting videos (week 6).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good introduction. light-weight explanations.Better animations and videos could enhanced the learning process.questions are too easy.Needs more complex tasks to integrates the different sections together.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would prefer to see the speaker during the lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this course useful and appropriate in the material offered and the assessed questions as an introduction and an update in cancer biology for CPD purposes. It is rather disappointing that the final grade achieved is not printed on the certificate. For A$65 to join the course and not have the full information such as the hours involved and the final grade achieved makes it very disappointing not to reflect the effort I put in as well as tricky to include this course as part of a CPD program.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish that the classifications of the major cancer groups were more descriptive. concerning the treatment for different types of lung cancer for example. Nothing is mentioned about childhood cancers or the area of lymphomas. I realize that this is an overview of cancer but cancer cell biology and current treatment practices based on immunologic findings were not given the coverage they deserve.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Tough call on this. The course itself is excellent [5] but the "money grab, you must pay attitude" is horrible [0].The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that the course itself is very interesting and useful, but unfortunately you have to purchase the course straight away to be able to do the tests.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Better than previous but still not good quilityThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although very interesting, this course seemed too short for me.Professor Kofman is an expert in the filed, but he mostly reads thewords on the slides and shows little or no passion or interest in sharing hisideas and work whatsoever.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just good to catch the basics. Sometimes quite boring to follow the professor, but it covers the basics adequately.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are a finace or business student this is not for you, its a complete re-run of most of the basics that re taught with some practical real life examples. Good for a person who is new to the subject of business or finance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It wasn't Exactly what I'd expected but was still a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have more in depth content, a bit shallow sometimes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Didn't really elevate my writing. Mostly due to the fact that there were no practical exercises included. Though some of the theoretical stuff that is covered is sort of common sense, most is still very relevant, so I don't regret taking the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Felt that it could have more writing exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good. Overall it is basic, speaker could talk faster and in general the course could move a lot faster. Room for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some irritating errors, but overall it was okay.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's useful to anyone who wants to improve writing skills.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Testing choice isn't great. Writing a letter, outline, etc. and submitting it for peer review would have been more productive. Furthermore, some questions in Week 2 test are confusing, the original meaning the test designer is trying to convey is, which dictates what the right answer is, isn't clear, giving too much room to interpretation not allowing the answer to be empirically right.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very short and very basic. I do not think it is fair to call it "High-Impact Business Writing" when all you get is an introduction to business writing. It would be nice to have a more extensive course on this subject. I would retake it if it was improved. My rating reflects the lack of high-quality content with more examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The modules had a lot of aspects and covered each one in detail. However, it would have been helpful to have some hands-on exercises like writing an executive summary, evaluating a resume, writing an elevator pitch etc so that people learn from each other. Otherwise, its a great course with emphasis on different aspects of business writing. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very helpful tips for preparing a professional business document. Hoping the course could have more focused exercises to make sure learners actually master the skills.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish it had more interaction with the teachers or to at least have more level of detail on the cases. I am afraid tha as a final project it was not of a very high use for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course as a whole is excellent (5 stars), however, the Capstone project part of the specialization consists of 3 submissions that are reviewed by other students. Consequently the quality of the reviewers are of the same level as the student itself - which obviously limits the learnings from feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The many errors in the quizzes and the basic structure of the course - like having no link to a textbook in a central location - makes the experience of the course very very poor. The quality of the material makes up for it, to some extent - but there needs to be more Coursera support (I think) to get the errors in quizzes and stuff sorted out. The mods are doing an amazing job keeping people calm, but Coursera needs to do better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This one got away from me. I think I need Calculus for Dummys!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lecture videos are good. Assessment of knowledge (quizzes) are weak.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher is very passionate; therefore I enjoyed the topics that were taught very differently than when I took AP Calculus AB in high school. The answer input sections for the tests and quizzes were rather frustrating because I had to type very specific keys on the keyboard just to input a constant or a polynomial. And one typo caused me to fail some assignments. Also the decimal approximations were very specific to the point where if I didn't type an extra number in the tenths, hundredths, or thousandths place then I would get the answer wrong even if I did the problem correctly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need to take a hiatus; this would be the perfect class to prep for my TexEs teacher certification test in two years.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great teaching methodology - although the test are a bit too centered on number crunching and not reasoning. (a lot of number crunching and no room for little numerical mistake although reasoning is good)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is best suited for an Intermediate student. Course is good to have since oit convers the topic from its very basic perspective. For graduates this course is more time consuming and dosnt recommended.Advantages:-very simple descriptions-even a non mathematical background student can easily understand-Proofs in all forms(geometric, analatic, practical) descrition.Disav:-basic are explained and consuming too much time-dosnt going for advanced level-no high level explanations or topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor spends LOTS of time doing really, really simple work -- over-explaining things, to be honest, in such a way that makes them more confusing. Then he does not explain much more complex issues throughout the course. Very frustrating, even as someone who has taken calculus before and is just taking this as a "refresher."The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is actually good. the tutor is very fun and it makes me feel clearly about calculus. But, it will be more excellent if this course give a short quiz for each topic in end of the section. And for the final test, can this course give more test? I mean like more question in number or kind of test.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecturer was really great and was able to explain things enthusiastically and simply. Unfortunately I feel the level of the course is too low. I think the basis of calculus has to come from rigorous definitions of the concepts involved and firm understanding of the proofs. Hopefully I will get some of that in your Calculus Two course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were and still are some typos in tests.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the contents just seem overly complex, especially the videos. If they would do a few problems similar to those in the quizzes, it would be much more better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course, but the quiz/exercises are very difficult, and sometimes, unrelated to the topicsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is some good material in this course. The text is fairly good. But I have two main reservations about the course. The first is that the lectures do not always correspond closely enough with the quizzes, and with the text. There are times when one can take a quiz and think, "How exactly does this relate to the lectures I just saw?" The text has quite a few exercises, but there is a tendency to throw in one or two problems whose difficulty is an order of magnitude above everything else in that section, and I find this discouraging and a waste of time. Save those for a later course, or put them into a separate "Extra Challenges" section. Learning calculus is hard enough without trying to grapple without some really tricky trig problem at the same time. as a single example.The second reservation is with the instructor's manner. Many students find it very enjoyable. I am not one of them. Much of the time, he's OK, especially when the camera is not pointed at him. But as the course progresses, much of the footage is of him at his desk, and the closeups become more and more extreme, the hand-waving and fist-clenching approach sheer windmilling, and the exaggerated eye-rolling, grinning and so forth become so distracting that I can't bear to watch. I realize that the goal was to avoid being a dry-as-dust droning professor, and that is commendable, but there is a happy middle ground between that and hamming. I can almost speculate that there was an impulse to add in cartoon sproing-bonk-cuckoo-klaxon sound effects. (There is actually one such sound effect, but just one, so I won't quibble on that.)I would have found the class more effective with a demeanor that was enthusiastic without being histrionic. I'm sure this is one of those "you either love it or hate it" things, and I may be in the minority.The instructor is not generally one to throw out some concept that has not already been learned and then just motor on without explanation. He errs on the side of overly-detailed explanation, which to me is preferable to skipping over subjects or techniques and assuming you know them.Having said all of this, I repeat that there is good material, and you can learn the fundamentals of calculus for free in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
My least favorite course in the specialization. The lectures are harder to follow, and are actually all about bioinformatics algorithms, which wasn't clear from the course description. Thankfully, as with the graphs course, Michael Levin wades in to save the day for the last couple of weeks. His lectures are really well structured, intuitive and clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think last week was too complex and not that exciting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good contents, but lectures could be improved for clarity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecture was very abstract and difficult. I could pass the course somehow by writing the code presented in the lecture, but I must say I understand less than the half of the course contents.###Responding to question from the instructor, I clarify the comments above.I found the whole lecture difficult. This may be because the subject is not something I have even thought about. It was difficult to understand the difference and importance of key concepts such as trie, suffix, class, etc. Overall, I learned that the tricks somehow work, but my comprehension was not as deep as I can think about the extension or applications. I guess more examples or providing intuition would help me to digest the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
you have to let us know in the beginning of the course, that we have to pay for finish the course!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't really feel that there was enough material here to make a six-week course, so that there was a great deal of repetition, and very little context of the Roman period.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Historically the basic background have been discussed. Effort was to make it nationalistic and emotional.Significance of Menorah as a symbol is absolutely missing. All the emphasis was on the Arch but the Arch looses its very significance without the menorah. So this should be covered or shared properly. For example Questions like why 7 hands needs to be replied. Why 3 legs needs to be repliedWhy painting ? This learning was not supposed to be in it. Someone might or might not like painting as a concept to learn and the course title also gave no indication towards that.. Wrong to make it a mandatory part as an assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i need android programming based course specially in xamrin / visual studio ........... i feel so much disappointment .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are courses that offer better level of details and better course materials and presentation .. and also for free ..However this course is a best-effort course and is helpful for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overall but you should use better microphone, because sometimes it's hard to understand and improve your English.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This could be improved by adding more interesting subjects :- how to use list adapters with list view- how to use menus- how to use scrolling view- etcThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting but i don't like switching e-learning platformsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros: a lot of programming in automated online environment.Cons: inconsistencies in code like changing parameter order in often used functions, changing structure of some variables (arrays become dicts). This can be unneccesarily misleading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is not a beginner's course unless you already have previous programming experience. The Python lessons are just samples taken from a completely different curriculum on Codecademy and poorly integrated into the bio-centric course content. The lessons are disjointed, taken out of context, and some of the examples are using the wrong version of Python and missing parentheses. It would be a lot better if they took the time to actually craft custom Python lessons designed specifically for this course instead of using ill-fitting lessons from other classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is the worst i have taken on coursera. They just want to mention everything in very short time. Quiz is much harder than material on video.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not for beginners in the slightest. Enjoyed the videos. But the quiz just made me feel stupid as I didn't have a clue on any of the equations and simulators I was supposed to use. It got me thinking of how ignorant clever people continue to be! Every time a smart person comes up with a new theory it's taken as fact. Give it a couple of decades and someone will prove it wrong. The sun orbiting us proving wrong, easth is flat, gas giants only orbit outside the habitable zone etc etc etc. So when will we learn that just because something happens on this planet doesn't mean it will, has happened elsewhere. The deepest depths of the ocean have life forms, yet we'd perish. So who's to say life forms can't exact on a planet, moon that is nothing like the earth! The world is still at the centre of the universe to these academics!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very good and informational course : however, the person who is speaking tends to have a lot of mums and stammers a lot. Overall, pretty decent course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but not deep enough. It could be longer to cover more aspects or more profound.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very informative course that will definitely help you to excel in your professional field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teresa is great! she seems very friendly and kind but some contents are a little bit borried and difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The accent of this teacher made me struggle to comprehend some of the most basic concepts she was presenting. I learned way much more on the previous modules of this specialization.The course should be 2/5 stars, but thanks to Boston and McKenzie articles, I will give an extra one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course, but not up to par with the first two. The content was far more theoretical and left me looking for applicable information. That said it was still a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good but sometimes cannot hear clearly what the tutor says whenever they have strong Spanish accent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the professor very much, and the expert interviews were interesting. On the other side, she used a lot of articles from the internet which gave not much knowledge. I think it would be better to use more material from professional manuals, not from "trendy" websites.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video lectures are informative and interesting, but the QUIZZES COVER INFORMATION NOT ADDRESSED IN THE LECTURES!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting subject matter, but offered in an insufficient way. Bad transcripts, for example: AND THE POTENTIAL IMPACT COULD BE SERIOUS FOR LOCAL POPULATIONS AND THE GLOBAL COMMUNIST, THAT MEANS YOU – am I a global communist? And quizzes with questions that cannot be answered from the course texts. There are far better courses on this subject, from the University of Alberta (Coursera) or the University of British Columbia (edX).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lower quality when compared to the previous courses in this specialization. Neo4j is very interesting but it is poorly explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All the complexity of the course is concentrated to the last week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked to put 5 stars. This topic is so important and relevant to big data. After week 4 hands on part, it became obvious we will not see how to implement or interpret the more abstract graph concepts presented in week 3. That was very disappointing.Moreover, the structure of the course is not as good as the other module. I don't understand the lack of balance between theory and hands on (Not enough hands on to reflect the theory) part.On a constructive note, I would replace some of the theoretical concepts of week 3 with additional information on how to link a graph database to machine learning OR I would add more hands on exercise to help using those more complex concepts and learn how to interpret them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the content at a high level, and I have a better appreciation for the value of graph analytics. That being said, I struggled with the GraphX hands on exersizes, where many of the Scala commands simply hung.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really Thank you for all the big data course, just a little about the 5th course, Graph analytic, I think can must go to the deeper insight with more explanation, some of the modules was really vague!Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Probably because I'm new to all the big data and graph analytics terminologies but the lectures in this chapter were quite difficult to follow in my opinion. The instructor was just talking, not teaching nor explaining, just like someone who prepares notes and is reading to students. The hand-ons were a bit helpful, but overall this class is more for those who already know about the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Concepts are explained in a rather structured way and hands-on with Neo4j are interesting.The last part with GraphX is pure copy-paste of orders, it is disappointing and not a good way to practive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Another good and interesting course but the total lack of engagement by the course team and community mentors makes it hard going.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor is well spoken and the class started out very well. But by the final section the hands on example were simply cut-paste with no explanation of what we were doing or how it worked. It's not the fault of the professor but this course and the Big Data specialization attempts to cover too much information. Graph Analytics should be its own 6 course specialization. But really, to understand graph analytics one should be spending a great deal of time with the subject. Perhaps online courses are not the way to understand such a complex subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need to include more student project design in the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course contents are composed of some superficial concepts of cloud computing. And the code framework for programing assignment written in c++ is probably the worst kind of code I've ever seen.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The concepts are explained very well. The only issue was the Programming assignment, which could have been more descriptive. Also, they could've given us the option of choosing a programming language.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor's lecture sounded too robotic and I feel like he didn't make any effort to explain some of the principles or simplify the course to the audience. It feels like he just copied concepts and pasted them into the lecture and then read them quick.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very complex and tedious subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a decent course. Some informative, big picture information but I felt that it lacked some hands on understanding. The minor hands on labs that were provided, were challenging for anyone that is not familiar with Python script writing. I would suggest that you brush up on that before being comfortable with taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview, but lack in details, lectures are to short. Assignments didn't really reflect the complexity of the content that is taught in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was very useful. However, a little more detail could have been provided while explaining a few concepts. I am confident of using these frameworks in the future. However, before applying them I will have to visit the material again. Thank you so much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the language of this video is to high, it's like to be for reading more than speaking ( Too Formal).The Content is quite good, but it needs more time in order to fully understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that presentation slides should be offered to students. These slides will cointain information that is given by the expositor. Also, it is possible to offer a toolkit pages in each module to faciltate teaching..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Positive: Approach to the topics is solid, readings are very valuable.Negative: Some videos in week 3 and 4 have audio issues. Course should had a template with the course objectives, learning outcomes and grading scheme. 4 out of 6 quizzes didn't allow to see which questions were right or wrong. Social media resources such as a linkedin group for the specialization would add value. But the most negative aspect was not having the slides. A lot of the topics covered were presented very fast and not having the slides to review the materials made my experience in learning very frustrating. I note that also the course Critical Perspectives on Management had the same problems with the quizzes and also did not provide slides. what was somewhat frustrating also. Also, if IE is making an effort to become more relevant in this online space, it should allocate human resources to monitor and interact in the discussion forums. In my opinion there are a lot of opportunities to improve the student experience. What I found somewhat because being this a series of courses in marketing, a lot of these issues had to been fixed/addressed before the course started...Nonetheless my critics - which I expect to be considered as constructive critics, it is important to thank IE and Coursera for continuing providing online courses.I wish you luck.Ricardo J. OliveiraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice course about the MAPS approach and the typical difficulties of natural scientists and mechanical engineers when approaching the political arena and dialoguing with stakeholders. I would like to suggest:1) to change the name in order to make clear that it is about the specific MAPS approach and not about "climate change mitigation in developing countries" in general terms.2) to integrate development professionals and some policy analysis / political decision making experts in the revision of the course but also in the MAPS approach in order to make it more effective or relevant for climate governance.3) to include (more) content about low carbon development and climate change mitigation strategies in some key sectors in the development context in order to increase the benefits for students interested in mitigation.4) to reduce the parte about the own difficulties of scientists and engineers when interacting with politics and stakeholders.5) to try to simplify the MAPS approach to make it more accesible to governments and regions in more poor countries.I hope the feedback is useful. Kind regards and thanks very much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic. Could be improved by increasing the level of complexity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good concise introduction for the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most of the materials are conceptual, would like to see more real life examples and methods applied.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not the best one on coursera. Included many details that are not really relevant and quizes just checked if you memorized it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An entry level informative course suitable for everyone who wants to have basic understanding in the areas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a basic course which provided insight into basics of Big Data, Cloud and CDN technologies. The lessons are well planned and articulate the subject matter in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
somehow I feel the course materials were not prepared well also it was not effective presentation, it was more like a reading a presentationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good job on the explaining CDN concepts!In the two first modules, the lecturer just read from the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's very helpful to polish my educational skills as a engineerThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Cloud Compyting and CDN lectures and material.Lack of practical examples and use cases in Big Data track.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is very basic , although contents are compact and informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found it way too condensed for introduction.I believe it needs to be slowed down, extended - as it is. it is just a blast of facts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Slides were informative, but the lecturer did not add anything to them. One could complete the course by purely reading the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was fully theorytical....Need hands on practical things so that we can do things ourselvesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
CDN topic was very good and well explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very basic and there was nothing new in the videos compared to the document(PDF) . Instructor was only reading the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excepting some coding on Big Data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I got understanding about the big data, cloud and CDN. It really help to go further studies in Big data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Trying to cover many subjects and diving deep into less interesting areas.The lectures themselves are very clear and easy to understand, accompanies with good decks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good short course to get an idea about Cloud Computing, Big Data and CDN.2 Points to the gentle instructor, Please try to elaborate more outside what is written in the slides. and the other point, please revise the Cloud Computing quiz as it focused on dates and history rather than focusing on the core of the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview of Cloud related technologies. Too many details sometimes about specific providers, something that in my opinion may not be really useful but overall is okay.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
pretty basic information with lots of repetition. course is short and really can be completed in an evening or two. instructor is knowledgeable. video of lecture doesn't add to presentation. there are few examples or interactive sessions and most of the time the instruction just speaks in front of a chicken cage. if i evaluate this course dispassionately then i don't think there is much difference between watching this course and reading a 5-10 page article.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, I enjoyed learning chemistry! However, the pdf slides could be much better made, since most of them are empty, and the errors in the quiz should be correctedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am concerned about the last assignment of this course. And I cannot get any help from here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a bit.... general. That could be a bias of mine, as I have done quite a bit of management-type work, so maybe it didn't feel that new or informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview for those without management experience. For experienced folks -- probably a good number since this is an Executive Data Science course -- it was pretty basic. Also some of the elements come down to management style. For some, other approaches have worked well and might not be ready to switch philosophies based on the course.Otherwise, pretty good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content was good and questions were well-thought. Video lectures however would need written notes to accompany them. Also when videos are as long and fast-paced as it is in the course it would be nice to throw the major point in discussion on the background,this would help clarify and focus the idea the lecturer is trying to convey.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
needed more depth, which still could have been achieved in a 1-week formatThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you know anything about management, specifically software engineering management, this course won't tell you anything new. It's very high level survey of best practices. I'm currently working as a software engineer on data science problems alone on my team. I wanted some idea of how data science teams are typically structured for when I need to talk about my work to my chain of command and my peers and for interacting with other dedicated data science teams at my company. I feel I got a pretty good idea of that and a better understanding the roles in an ideal team. I also feel prepared for the future if I were to apply for a role on a dedicated data science team. As far as actually building a team myself, I think this course won't really give you that if you don't already have other management experience, but it does give you some insight on the specifics of data science people. Finally, Quizzes could use some review, the answers don't often line up grammatically with the questions. Also the one with the instructor's LinkedIn profile linked doesn't work because LinkedIn covers the content and wants you to create an account. A link to a resume or something might be better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the videos are very basic concepts on how to lead a team (i.e.: Management strategies, common difficulties,...). It is already known things for a manager with some experience leading teams. This course could be shorter.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For most people this might be four stars. There is solid content here, but I couldn't help but feel a lot of this stuff is fairly standard OD/management material and in some ways, it felt like asking, say, a project manager to deliver a data science course. If you have never done any managerial training or read material on intrinsic motivation, org and team culture, then you will get value. For me this was pretty stockThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There could be more work in the assignments in this course. The Quizzes are very simple.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very short. Quality of the course is OK.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is useful, but I think the five courses in the specialization could be merged into a single one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a fine overview however I was hoping to drill down into more detail on some of the roles and responsibilites data teams can have. For example data architects, stewards etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, but content is a bit limitedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Building a Data Science Team does indeed contain helpful recommendations for starting data science teammanagers/executives; for me it had a little too much of a HuThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Probably, I wouldn't have a course just about how to hire/build a data team.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The courses in the specialization are - in my opinion, excessively short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good interesting material but the quizzes were badly designed and did not test concepts well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great idea and syllabus.The videos are too short and missing some explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A great course to understand the procedure for non-medicosThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This serves well as a basic intro but not for people who are looking for a deeper dive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little boring. Some lecturers did not deliver a good presentation and some "philosophical masterpiece" are not practical at all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learned a few things from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was very helpful but there is a need to discuss it more further in details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course seems great, although plenty of errors in the audio transcript. The steepness of the learning curve increased very quickly and understandability decreased after week 3, which made me drop the course. I hope to be able to retake it some time in the future with the right mathematical skills.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was slightly disappointed by the course: too much information was given and not always in a clear way. In particular, sometimes the sessions were jumping from one discipline to another with not much explanation and this was confusing. Also, the information provided was in huge amounts but not in details. I expected to get more detailed information on children's rights while sometimes the presentations were only very general overviews.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good basic coverage on children's fundamental rights. The course could have benefitted from assignments being more consistently accurate to lessons as there are some gaps. The last module I found the most interesting as it covers challenges to child rights in real time cultural/social dilemmas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too shallow. It's just common sense and a little of vocabulary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor does not evaluate your assignments. Your classmates do, giving you sometimes unfair qualifications. I won't continue with the rest of the course because of that. I think University of Washington or Coursera should have said this at the description of the course so people can decide better if take it or not.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little to coach "driven" for me but good information and tools to use for specific conversations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the lectures were good, this course had annoying issues, such as in-video questions asking us to refer to previously shown material (which isn't easy given the Coursera interface). A few assignment questions were also poorly formulated. The course would have really benefited from .pdf reference material, for review and elaboration of topics presented in lectures. At minimum, a list of relevant equations would have helped.The acoustics part of the content seemed somewhat sketchy and hand-wavy; the assumptions and limitations behind the rule-of-thumb equations and models presented weren't given much weight, so I wasn't able to get a good grasp of when they were relevant*. The electronics part was more reasonable, but still suffered from some over-simplification (for example, the model of guitar pickups didn't include magnetic hysteresis).All in all, the course was worth taking, but I think the material deserves more rigor.*All models are wrong. But some of them are useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wonderful lectures with heaps of useful information including video on blended teaching in action along with teacher interviews and enthusiastic presenters. The course is self-paced though so you are relying on your fellow learners being up to the point you are for peer assessment. Also some links don't work and there is little or no interaction from the Course leaders or TA's. The lectures are well worth it though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is interesting and well laid out. The lack of contact details for course queries is concerning as is purely being assessed by peers who may not follow the grading guidelines very well (providing no feedback etc)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the information in this course is well organized and the delivery is good. The video lectures are high quality and there are a number of different people interviewed, each one giving a different opinion on blended learning. Most of the example schools were elementary so it would be better if they could include some secondary schools as well.One area that this course could improve greatly on is the assessments. They are peer-reviewed and I think the rubric used for grading is so strict that it doesn't allow the graders to interpret what we have learned. I also think that some parts of the assessment being measured really aren't important when it comes to us demonstrating what we have learned about blended learning.If you are looking to learn more about blended learning, I would recommend this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a brief overview, basically food for thought. I liked the small portions this course was broken into, it made it all the more accessible.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm leaving because I can't keep up with an 8 week course given in 4 weeks, and even less if the course keep on refering to the 8 weeks time frame. A pity, I loved this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is all comprehensive about models and concepts of communication science, however the break-down into small lectures turn out to be too brief in my opinion to develop rich understanding of the subject. It would be more conducive that lecturer expands more on the cutting edge study and research, to give people a sense of the finding of the field and its benefits.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos lacks clarity, not loud enough and at instances it's ungrammatical.Certainly, there ALWAYS WILL be scope of improvement and although, it was moderately enlightening, thank you for producing this course (quite credibly flexible)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It only gives you a basic overview of start up's vocabulary. However, it is very simple for who has never experienced economics subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great Course. Assignments are the best part of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course mainly focus on statistics and statistical parameters and almost nothing about about Understanding Clinical Research - as title anotateThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe this may be a more helpful course to those already quite familiar with statistics and for those who use statistical terminology daily.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great introduction to the clinical statistic usually encountered while reading medical or biology literature. However it would be much appreciated if more calculations could be incorporate into this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are some errors on the quizzes in between the videos. I had to skip a lot of them because it wound't accept the correct answer. I liked the testimonial videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a good course, especially if you are not too aware of AutismThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general, I enjoyed the contents of the course. It's a general overview that introduces all aspects of Autism Spectrum Disorder which is exactly what I wanted. However, half of the final week is a list of established and emerging practices, so this was quite boring. I could have read them off the screen faster.My least favorite aspect of this course is that you can't take the quizzes without buying the certificate. Currently, the certificate won't assist me; I simply wanted to learn more about ASD so as to be more informed. This was quite frustrating because I use the quizzes as a means of checking my understanding and retention of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course had some useful content, but there was too much time spent on USA centred materials for an iavailabe course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be more computer friendly. Had good information but hard to engage because the majority of the lectures are just powerpoints with the professor talking over them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very helpful information particularly in the earlier weeks. I found the last couple weeks less helpful because of the large quantity of listed interventions without elaboration/examples - I did read the attached report but would have found it helpful to see some of the interventions demonstrated either via a video or diagram. Temple Grandin is a great documentary and I appreciated hearing her perspective regarding tactile sensitivity. She's also a great example of a person with autism who has developed her strengths and worked around her weaknesses and is a highly functional and successful individual. Overall enjoyed this class. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good way to get started with doing from just listening or reading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it was good, could be more dinamic thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learn something about the money supply and demand and their relationship with the exchange rate. but can hardly used in dailyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content covers very good the most important theories and concepts in macro economy and explains in detail the relationship between them. I wish the course would take more advantage of interactive multimedia tools in order to support the spoken word with visual means.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course, but be sure you have a foundational level of understanding of Macroeconomics before starting - it doesn't provide a lot of background before diving into more advanced topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought at first according to the title of this course, that it should be an intro for c programmers. But it is more like a brush-up for already c++ programmers. Be ready to take some other course or reading parallel. Otherwise the homeworks are absolutely interesting and suitable for new-comer. It would be better if more videos with more details could be made.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It accomplishes the main goal: help with the leap from C to C++, but:- It's damn slow. I had to use the 1.5x or 2x speed all the time, and I'm not native English.- The format of the slides is really ugly (e.g., those bullet points in the code)- No lecture notes are provided- The references are to his (expensive) books instead- No source code of examples is provided either- Graph theory is interesting, but out of scope. Waste of time for those who already know it are not interested in and just want to learn C++. It would be better to provide references for optional reading or reviewing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Do this course for the assignments and to have something that keeps you on schedule. But be prepared to do your own research on topics.The professor goes off on pointless tangents forever. C is also supposed to be a prerequisite but then he ends also ends up explaining basic C (prefixing his explanation with you should know this). He then goes into these very specific, typical academic-style examples that he spends time talking about them (again pointless). And then very little time is left to explain the actual new C++ stuff, and he explains it assuming you kind-of know what he's talking about. So you'll have to stop the video and look up the topic online.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course presents the topics in a non-linear manner. It should be called "Learning graphs with C++"The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is good. But it needs some polishing...Major comment:The assignment submission/review process should be improved. Grading system is not clearly defined at the time of submission. Some grading question are inherently subjective "Is the code at least somewhat efficient?". But even for inherently objective questions "Is the code correct?" (as does it give the correct answer" the staff does not provide the correct answer... I think the staff should create some automated review for what is objective: does the code compile? does it yield the correct answer? is it efficient enough? (Just like many other courses on Coursera) And only when it passes the automatic review, use peer grading for coding style. Finally there a lot of confusion with the deadlines.Minor comments:Lucky Coursera has an option to play twice faster! Not that the content is too easy, but the talking ... pace ... is ... hum... very ... ... slow. Also how come for a programming course the slides with code are so poorly formated???The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough depth. Put another way not a CS course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somewhat basic and not very applicableThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
presentation is poor, not very engagingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was pretty intuitive and easy to follow the first couple of weeks, but then the assumed knowledge of beta and gamma distributions and their frequentist usage, stood in the way of me fully grasping the Bayesian part of it. In the end I just copied the examples from the lectures and passed the tests ... without really getting it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was little difficult to understand what the professor , but anyway it was good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course requires solid grounding in mathematics. No meant of Social Science graduates without proper training in statistics/mathematics. The course was good in the sense that we could how probability distributions are used to model real world problems.Study material was certainly not adequate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Liked the course, but it was a little easy (took four days total to do the material for the whole course). Many questions were left unanswered (such as how dependent the credibility intervals are on the choice of prior distribution and the assumed distribution of the data), and it didn't touch on later topics that are interesting (MCMC sampling). Again, good beginning course, but I was looking for more in depth study.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures from week 1 to week 3 are nice and useful to me, but I think there should be more details about the content in week 4. For example, I think the lecture about the Jeffreys prior skipped many things and I did not understand this concept very well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is good, but I've found the lectures challenging to understand even having some background in math. It would be good if all the definitions and key facts were stated more prominently in the lectures, as opposed to algebraic transformations which most readers can hopefully do on their own.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is good but sometimes very fast paced. The downside of the course relates to the peer-review system of some of the assignments. You can get stuck with a failed assignment for weeks and you have to kindly ask in the forums for someone to review it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course! But the lecture videos are too long.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good for people who don't have any background about coding, and want to build a prototype of an appThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice Lesson and good subjectThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content good but labs difficult to work with as no offline unit tests were provided which made debugging painful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course has very good content and well structured. However it lacks more details on the mechanics, under the hood functioning of Blockchains.The practical assignments are not adequate. Propose more exercises that goes up in incremental content and difficulties and allow students to get more practical insight upon how a blockchain really works.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course with troublesome assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great overview of Bitcoin, solid foundation in Blockchain. This industry is fast moving so its a bit dated with its content -- for example, this was done before Ethereum so it is not mentioned at all. Needs to be updated. Plus -- no certificate dings it one more for me...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is difficult to complain too much about a free course, but I expected more from a course carrying the name Princeton. The videos were generally well done and interesting, but did contain factual errors almost every week.Unfortunately the instructors were absent from the forums after a couple replies the first week. The homework assignments were disorganized, provided components contained errors, the grading system had problems and the requirements were often unclear. The assignments require Java programming experience (not mentioned in course description). Most importantly, the assignments in no way reflected what was taught in the course videos. They were of course related, but were implementing parts of a bitcoin node, but in a simplified manner. The textbook PDF is good.It would have been nice to have assignments working with real bitcoin (or testnet) transactions, sigs, verification, hashing, etc.Anyhow, I'm enthusiastic about this subject matter, so I'm just happy the course exists, but don't expect a glossy polished course... it's a rough ride.Here is another Bitcoin course that looks good: https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/bitcoin-decentralized-technologyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is comprehensive and covers technical, social, economic. legal aspects of Bitcoin. The technical treatment is hands on and gives a really good fell for how bitcoin and blockchain works compared to several other sources where treatment is superficial.There are several parts of the course I was not able to get a clear understanding - such as implementation of the actual bitcoin core in the stack based script. Also I found the questions for the programming assignments convoluted and not very helpful in describing what is required from the student. Had it not been for discussions on the student forum I would not have been able to complete the final assignment.Despite the shortcomings I would recommend this for someone who is good in Java and would like to get a technical as well as comprehensive understanding of cryptocurrencies and blockchain.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments would need to be improved...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Given the nature of law courses (a lot of reading), there needs to be a great deal more written information on the lecture slides. Quotes from pieces of legislation, judgements from various courts, quotes from politicians etc. need to be provided on the slides, otherwise students are either left to search through the transcript, which contains numerous spelling and grammatical errors, or write what Prof. Gearey is saying which means continuously stopping and starting the lectures to get it all down. IN SHORT: Better lecture slides with more information on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is good, but it's lacking articles, important bills etc..; and the quizzes aren't very hardThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful course for exposure to debates that animate the common law, with some bits about the relationship of English and European law, pre-Brexit. It's probably fair to say this course offers some experience in the elusive skill of how to think like a lawyer. The legal debates might seem a bit pedantic to all but the specialist. For example, the course attempts to sketch in the debates about proper use of precedent, with frequent reminders that the task of fully developing such debates is beyond the scope of the course--I'll bet some students were thinking, thank goodness it's beyond the scope. It's all clear enough, and delivered pretty much exclusively in traditional lecture format--there's even a lectern. Each of these lessons about the legal debates outlines and develops the opposing sides but doesn't give you a whole lot of new content to be tested. Thus, many of the quiz questions are on comprehending passages from cases, statutes, or commentary. Such quiz questions sometimes feel like those reading comprehension questions from a standardized test, rather than tests of the material covered in the lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting material and good teacher but very poor use of the media (an audio file would have been sufficient for most lectures) and low quality recording for some lectures (background noises, echos, wind...)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I need access to the quizzesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It wasn't challenging but more irrelevant to what I'd guess is a lot of "workplaces"The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the course materials themselves were very useful, the quizzes didn't feel like an effective test of the material and consisted of very few questions, which didn't leave room for error (especially problematic because some questions were subjective).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the course content but the presenter needs to have a more friendly way to present it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Kinda disappointed that in a course about Communication, Margaret can be such a "so-so" communicator herself. Except that, the course is good and offers some cool tips on how to deal with that new ways of communication that we must deal of.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The extra/outside content provided is great. As others have stated, but clearly not adjusted, some of the quiz questions aren't clear items covered in the material (which is frustrating).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is basic course with simple informationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that , this course need to add more keys critical important point in each lesson by keywords on Videos. And examples how to use these skill on nature lifeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
speak speed is little bit too quick, difficult for non-english speaking studentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to Workplace Communication.The resources supplied were extremely helpful.I didn't pay so much attention to the slides that came with this - in fact, I'm not even sure how relevant they are looking back.I had expected the overview videos to be an insight to the resource content, but it wasn't quite compiled that way.The tests could have been longer, and perhaps could have contained obvious solutions - in some instances the solutions provided were all applicable, leaving the student to select the best option. In other instances the options available weren't even discussed in the content, confusing the student.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Has good collection of resources for improvement of communication skillsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher of this course talks toooo fast ! I`m for example a french educated student, so I prefer to take courses with a teacher who talks in a comprehensive way in which I can understand everything he says in order to proceed in my work and then to benefit everything in this course.Concerning the quiz, in the all of the quiz there is questions not related to what already said from the teacher or in the articles required to read. I red the articles coupes of time but in a specific questions, the answers, it seems, that we should answer from our own memory because badly it`s not mentioned in any article or in the video of the teacher.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Less required reading and more targeted lectures would make it great. It often seemed that the questions in the quiz weren't properly covered in the material provided.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course is not that strong when it comes to communicating with direct reports .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ok course. Well tught, but overall I prefer more business related classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
materials/lectures are brief and could go deeper.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a bit hard to answer the quiz since the presentation is not speaking about the quThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gives just enough info. Great, but I wish it was more detailed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little slower than the last ones, not my favorite but great use of hands-on projects and enagagementThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was good enough...but exercises were very simple. Only the final course was little bit challenging. For a guy that sits in IT business for a while it's rather too simple. Besides, I've learned spark basics which is super cool...so thanks for thatMaybe you could consider to build docker image instead of using virtual machines. VM is ok, but I think that docker can simplify all the stuff without necessary downloading, installations etc.Looking forward to the next spark challenges :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Programming instructions were not clear, and the version of Python that was installed on my machine did not support the JupyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
some of the stuff was not mentioned properly, like for last quiz how to expoert data from mongodbThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel the contents of this course were great, no second thought on it. It makes your concepts crystal clear. But faced lots of issues during practicing the hands on exercises and did not get proper feedback or response on any of the queries.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final assessment somewhat not really well designed, imho.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs more depth. Instructors should reference more external readings since the lectures are brief.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good experience of using the big data tools but a total lack of engagement in the forums by the instructors and community mentors make it hard going if anything goes wrong. The final quiz took me over 8 hours mostly because there was no one to ask for hints when I was totally stuck and confused!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is helpful in learning to use the camera and understand terminology, but it is somewhat, if not totally, a false representation of interaction with the experts. There is absolutely none. Some seems repetitive from course one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sorry but yet again a potentially great course spoiled by the implementation, way too many mistakes in the quizzes, peer review grading systems which in places are nonsense . I hope things get better and I give the the course the 5 stars the content would merit if it had been properly QCed and delivered to best Coursera standardsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The glitches with Coursera itself are not excusable and should be taken as a black mark against the organization. They made the professors and Michigan State look less than average and caused confusion among the students. The material is good and it makes me learn about the camera that I use and try new things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The explanations are a bit and drawn out. For non-native English speakers, this is very difficult to understand as well at time difficult for native speakers. Also, the course for auditors is not very interactive and we cannot participate in some quizzes and work submission.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
needs more info and practical referencesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is very good and useful. But the so-called "Chinese version" doesn't fit my need. It takes longer time for me to understand the quiz and find more information relative to the quiz items from Chinese materials. Exactly the course itself is clear enough to understand, but the quiz part doubles the difficulties to comprehend.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic things... Any examples for regression.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's ok for an extremely high-level overiewThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Extremely lightweight and totally missing in substance; I cannot recall whether they stated so in the course goals.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The comparaison between Chinese and Western Culture was really useful. It was a nice overview but it would also have been interesting to get information (at least some ints) about the long and fascinating Chinese History. More historical context would be appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gives a clear and means ideas about how communicate in works areas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The audio quality of the lectures could be better. Assignments need to be challenging. Programming assignments in Assembly should be used to evaluate the grade in addition to quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the topic. The lectures could be augmented by breaking them up into more pieces (particularly for Instrumental variables and double difference). It would have been nice if additional (optional) readings were listed to give interested students more direction. I also would have liked to see topics added to the course such as propensity score matching.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This give a very good insight into what i did not know earlier. Thank you Prof. Anders Holm. I recommend this course to all all. I did a lot of learning. Go for itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It teaches an interesting topic, but it's a bit hard to follow the teacher. I learnt from the exercises, mostly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quiz isn't challenging enough to validate the understanding of the user taking the course .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic course with videos running too fast......The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I do feel that I learned from this course, though I almost feel that it was too easy to earn the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The free course is very short and only give a generalized information of the cybersecurity word. I can't review about the full course (but you should pay for it).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was really good but not too deep. I went on to study the CISSP manual and some additional training. This is a great course if you want an introduction to cybersecurity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course material reference readings were good but videos were pathetic. It was more like a high school kid reading the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is not any technical 'lab based exercise bases I mean'The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too short, I prefer that the engineer share a little experience or make more in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too little course material; video's too flashy (noisy) and do not discuss enough informationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish that the videos were longer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content does not follow the exam question is totally different what you learn from the two-minute video. You need to have the background in the field. This course should have gone through the beta test before release to the public.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The subject matter is very interesting, the reading material is well-chosen, but the video lectures are superficial, to put it mildly. I recommend doing th course, but strongly suggest the staff upgrade the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I Felt like this was a very in depth course, the reading material was very good. At times I thought the instructional videos were very short - I would have liked them to have been longer, perhaps going into more depth about some of the topics covered in the reading materials - I was not fond of the written portion of the course - I would have preferred exams to the written portion.thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course for people who are trying to lean the basics of cyber security.Regards,KashifThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too microsoft-oriented, too much reading (sometimes not very related to the topic) that is not unique and can be easily found on the internet without attending this course, not enough video presentations and explanations.Final exam seemed to me a bit out of topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little bit too much generalist, need more precision.And unlimited attempt for quizz is not a godd idea, because quizz don't mean anythingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I find this course very informative, but at the same time the videos seem pointless. All the quizzes are on the suggested reading material. The videos are quite cursory- almost an afterthought.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material may be nore specificThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the course interesting though the continual music being played in the background was a distraction for me and felt like a brainwashing exercise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not exactly I was expecting. It covers lot of theory part. Some practical work in coding and security practicles would have added more value.I enjoyed the some material pdf suggested. However, I didn't liked "Accordingly to Microsoft" question and material. It was made 10 years back. Course content must be updated and more invovled tasks or discussions with Course makers. It looks like some videos are once made and kept as it is. I never saw actual teachers teaching something in this course, just browsing, reading and eassy writing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Is a little basic introduction to InfoSEC but is nice a good to start.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course isn't bad, but the videos explanations are all way to general, they should be more detailed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
At first the questions were wrong, but i contacted with the professor and he corrected them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it was too much teory and not really data analytics tools.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I appreciated the challenge of the capstone project, I didn't feel like the assignment's requests accurately aligned or represented what was provided in the lecture series. As someone who bought this course as one large pack (four courses, one capstone project), it would've been nice to see more intersection. I felt a little "in the dark" on some of this. Given the short timeline to finish the work, too, many of these requests need more time (e.g. building personas needs user research, ideally). All in all, a good challenge to a content professional, but don't expect all of this to align with what you learned in the lecture series.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have rated it 4 if i had received my certificate of accomplishment like i was told at the starting of the course. The course was very informative and explained thoroughly and all but when you put it down on your resume or something its good to have a document backing up the claim.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So far , very interesting and covers much of the material that was covered in my Strategy Course in my MBA. It has been a delightful course as a refresher and putting more up-to-date examples than when I covered much of this material some time ago. Have another 2.5 weeks to go but I will look for more courses from LMU & Tobias !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introductory class to the topic. Much time spent on examples. However, each module feels somewhat a bit disconnected from the other ones. A case study or example which would navigate students through all 6 modules would greatly help students remembering it all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a lot of practice problems and somewhat superficial information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course introduces us to a ton of valuable material for developing data products. But it is up to the student to have the initiative to dig deeper into the material by going through the various API reference documentations in order to create the final data applications. I'm not sure there is a better way to teach this course; but it felt like I was left to my own devices to complete the course. In a way it was a good learning experience to have to complete the assignments without much hand-holding from the instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit fast paced as they teach so many things in a single week. But the stuff they teach is surely great and makes you appreciate the beauty of RThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although I really liked the content of this course, the videos seemed to be have been done with rush. Many of the explanations were started but not finished and the presenter had many breaks during his speech to think or to go back with a better explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, but the discussion forum are not the same as in the old format. I also think that the shiny videos from Rstudio are better than the instructional videos in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This module is not the same level as the previous ones, giving a superficial view of several package but not on any deepens. The application development was the positive part of the module.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fine in the content. As usual, the presentation from Brian Caffo is rather rushed and stumbling. A better presenting style would improve the course no end, but ultimately, what is covered is what you need. I generally just avoid the videos and read the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course isn't as clearly outlined or carefully prepared as the others in the Data Visualization specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class was OK. This was the topic I was most excited to get to in the specialization, so I started playing around with Shiny, Slidify, and other tools ahead of time. Because I had gained some basic familiarity with those packages, this class was a bit of a letdown. I was happy with the week on making R packages. That was all new and fascinating. If you're looking for something more advanced than a very basic overview, you may want to look elsewhere.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is OK, but I'd rather learned app development with Python or Java.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of material in a short amount of time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have not received yet my certificated and I can't see it in the list. Is there something wrong?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Algorithms in lectures were useless to programming assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For a beginner like me its totally going over the head. I mean i get the logic but if you guys can please give more code...I am learning data structures for the first time and it is bit difficult for me to grasp it all and write codes in a week...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content is ok, but some lectors are really boring in explaining mathematical details.Tasks are pretty easy, and this is from algorithmic perspective, because from programming there are almost nothing to do.And overall it feels that there are not so much info as for 5 weeks course. If it would cost lest, than it would be ok. But for 80$ I've expected more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
[Slightly updated according to Michael's questions]The course is fine, but comparing to the previous one - Algorithmic Toolbox - this one is weaker and with lesser quality.Pros: the course contains some interesting data structures and valuable observations. The starter files for assignments are in place. Related books are given after each video session. All the tasks have automatic grader. There is a couple of interesting tasks to do.Cons: the material is mostly lectures, and there is even a video where lecturer just reads the article from Wiki (Splay tree - has the same information with same lack of some proofs). Expected: add quizzes as it was in the first course. The course has less weeks - only 4 as comparing to 5 in AT. So various important data structures are not discussed. The course has less homework - 3 tasks each week as comparing to 5 in AT. And all 3 are usually just implementations of some basic algos seen in lectures.I consider the course valuable due to a number of good videos and a couple of good tasks to do. But in general, this course has the area for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The depth and explanation of theoretical concepts are better than the first course. I like the in depth discussion over various introduced data structures, for instance there are comparisons between naive implementations vs smarter implementations. However overall the topic is very theoretical, maybe add a little more connection of each introduced data structure with respect to its application would make the topic less dry and more motivating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has excellent homework to help you study, but the course itself sometimes doesn't cover more generally applied knowledge such as red-black BST. Also, the professors' teaching style may be confusing sometimes and require extra work to understand, especially when they didn't have a pen in hand and were just talking quickly to the air. I do hope the following series will eventually tackle these issues, and I'll be glad to give the whole series 5 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The structure of the class follows the regular academic model you'll find in college: lecture -> lecture -> lecture -> assignment... repeat. I don't think this model is suitable for online delivery. Without discussion and the ability to interrupt and ask questions, the lectures are at times a more frustrating than useful (especially with Coursera's user interface, which lacks quick rewind and is generally speaking rather poorly thought out).For many of the topics, better videos exist online (try safari or pluralsight). As for the problems, they were the main source of learning, but were also at times a bit frustrating (the splay trees starter code was rather sad to look at). I find that hacker rank is probably better at delivering value (if you can forego the warm fuzzy feeling you get from getting a verified certificate, you'll probably be better served by practicing on hacker rank than from doing the problems in this course).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was hoping the lectures would be more dense. My previous coursera courses where on data science, machine learning, etc. I somewhat feel that the content on those courses is twice or thrice more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course got better as it went on. The first week, the teacher went through the entire plot of Harry Potter which seemed like a waste of time. The point was made long before the telling of every plot point in Harry Potter was done. I thought, really, I signed up for four months of this? Then the lectures got better, learning the basis outlines and structures of plot is useful. Simple, but useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it seems good and hopefully will be valuable in my contextThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material and videos are very good, however I would prefer that comments about your work be emailed directly to the student so that they are more likely to read them. I found it to easy to just move on and not really look for the comments on my work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it would have been great if the final assignment had been gradeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learnt much but only rated 3 stars because students are unable to submit their assignments or receive peer group or mentor feedback unless a payment is made. The previous writing course I completed with Coursera did not have such restrictions - you only had to pay for the certificate if wanted. However, thank you for free access to the contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand the importance of reviewing other classmates work however with the time constraints of today's world, I believe it takes away from precious time that could be spent developing the craft of writing .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is nice and informative. Unfortunately one can not do any of the pear rated assignments or pear reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice, informative, but basic and short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this course quite hard to take to; especially after starting the second one on Character. Saying that though, it is good to learn about different perspectives and approaches as education whatever form enables us to move forward on our learning path.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
-Made on 10/05/2016- Low quantity of information and resources. For the cost , is not even near to other moocs. Block the sending and sharing of activities, and unable the peer evaluation because of a required payment, really handicap the learning and the quality of the course. If I pay a Mooc, is becouse of a strong quality and substantial learning; this two lacking in this course. I can give you a list of other moocs around this and other subjects (film, writing, mat, entrepreneurship, photography...) for you to make relations and compare structures. Please revise this course, you have nice video edition and the teacher is good, and willing to teach, but the global course is missing several things. I encourage you to take my words.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The problem is that the only feedback a student gets is from other students. I only received 1 feedback from the supposedly 3 each week for 4 weeks. I gave 3 stars because the videos are very good and good concepts but I paid far more money than they now charge. So I doubt I will finish the certificate because the final course relies only on student feedback which is non-existent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So overly simple with a lack of details in the steps.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, I sincerely think this course was useful to me. I did learn, and that is great. I got some good advice from the reviewers. And I appreciated most of the videos, especially the shop talks.But I wish the instructor or his staff were more present in the discussion area, and I would have preferred a better written material. The transcripts are not formatted. They are completely raw and difficult to use.Furthermore, I don't think it is normal that people duly registered to the class have difficulties to get their 3 reviews. Too many people have to ask for it in the forums.In conclusion, a good course with good video material, but a lack of presence and organization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did learn. However, some info could of been better explained. I felt like some videos didn't really further my knowledge. And the lack of communication on the discussions by the professor, was quite unbelievable. More participation by the professor would be appreciated. I do understand there's many people doing this, but if other can, why couldn't he? Maybe have an assistant?Otherwise, like I said, I did learn a lot and I do appreciate it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are quite interesting, though I think they are overly committed to very specific techniques. I did not, however, find the assignments and peer review system very helpful. People had a tendency, particularly on the first assignment, to read in requirements that were not actually stated or written down and failed people accordingly. There also does not seem to be enough people to review all of the assignments, either--perhaps due to the paywall for assignments. The very nature of the peer review system also guarantees you see a real range on the individual criteria you are evaluated on and the depth of the review. This exacerbates the very harsh "0 or 1" point option for all assignments (i.e. either you get a 1 and pass or you get a 0 and fail).Bottom line: I think the course materials are useful and at the very least interesting for developing writers, but I'm not sure it's worth the $79 entry fee to gain access to the peer review, unless you really need or want the course certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Someone needs to review/proofread the final part and assignment. Many students were/are confused about the final assignment. Revise the video too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For prospective students who are looking to enter the biostatistics/epidemiology field in the future. This course is designed as an in depth fundamentals of biostatistics where Professor Brain Caffo dives deep into some of the key formulas, origins of statistical formulas, and theoretical aspects of statistics.Great lecture with valuable information, however, due to the lack of engagement within the lectures, it absolutely leave students who have no background of Calculus or Linear Algebra in the dust with no reference to assist them in the course. Once or if a student has a solid foundation for the topics covered in this course, this information is very insightful and understandable.you might ask yourself, someone who doesn't have a prior knowledge of the material covered in the course if you should even take part in the course, my answer would still be yes, so long as you are willing take notes, save the videos, and return back to them at a later point once you build yourself up by studying calculus, statistics, and/or linear algebra.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I need to have a class. I really think this course could hel me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material and presentation are at the highest level, but the course is lacking real life examples, and contexts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quizzes are not challenging enoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's only enter-level for people who don't know R. For those who already used R, it's not a good choice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a pretty big jump from the content to actually completing the assignment. The assignments are not well aligned with the swirl learning or the videos. There is no logical process taught about how to move forward if you get stuck. It often means a student is forced to search the internet and hope the answer they find is appropriate so they can write their own code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good introductory course, but it's very basic and I feel that I paid a lot for a very basic experience. I do understand it is the first step in a full specialization but I think it can be more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic introductory course. Looking forward to the other modules.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good overview. I understand that it’s really just a quick intro into upcoming specialization courses. I wouldn’t take it alone. But I’m excited for the rest of the courses!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mostly preparatory material and setup activities for the rest of the series. It's OK, but not a revelation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too little information and too basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a good start to give an overview on the toolbox you should be aware of to specialize in Data science or analysis. You don't need 4 weeks to complete to complete it! At best you could complete within a week or 2 days. Best of luck!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The git and GitHub section is not very clear....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Probably a good course if you aren't terribly familiar with GIT or some form of version control. It also helps to get all the tools in place to be ready for the other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good starter setup. Looking forward to the technical portion of the Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a bad intro; I don't know if anyone would benefit taking this as a standalone (or for an entire 4 weeks, for that matter). Still, it introduced some solid concepts for professionals and scholars, alike.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The word 'toolbox' made me think there was more in the course. 'Introduction' or maybe' Overview ' may have been more accurate. Good course otherwise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good, general introduction. A motivated student can run through it very, very quickly. As the first of ten courses, I understand that it is a very general introduction. Still, I think it could be ramped up a bit. Week 2 of the next course - R programming - is kind of a kick in the head if you're not a programmer. I feel like some of the content from R programming could have be included in the toolbox course in order to take advantage of the relatively light load.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too little substance, though I do expect the rest of the series to be good as I take this as a setup course and my expectations for those are high. Having said that, perhaps it would be wise to charge less for this initial course or even offer it for free.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Though the course itself is introductory in nature, i wish there was a lecture on what and how exactly are these going to be useful with the help of a real life example and also an increase in the depth of the content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic, not very informative. Waste of money.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for a beginners course, could be a little more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it could have been better if it was more hands-on learning, for instance I don't understand why did we learn CLI till now and how will I link it to my studiesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but worth only for really basic learners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic overview of the tools and installation of them. Should be an optional course rather than part of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too little material for 4 weeks. All this could've been written in a PDF instead of videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course didn't teach me much about Data Science or the different areas to pursue after this introductory course. I probably could have got as much out of it as following the tutorials on GitHub and the new desktop tool. Following the tutorial which was made for windows was also a bit annoying at times. Finally I had to wait weeks to have my assignment marked and there is still conflicting information on the course page - in 'grades' it shows I didn't pass the week 4 task. On other pages it shows I did and earned 41 out of 41 points. However I can't see a confirmation of course completion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good intro to the tools, but for anyone with prior programming experience unnecessaryThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a slight lack of clarity in videos in terms of audio and also in terms of what exactly the author/lecturer is trying to convey.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty simple, the Univ of Michigan Data Science with Python set the bar pretty high.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some video explanations are not so clear, so will be great to highlight some concepts, theory and methods or technical (with some reading), also will be great exhibit the latest news about toolbox(that is the current topic) or data scientistsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
nothing special, no significant knowledge gained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Github exposition is a little complicated. I believe it could be more detailed. But the rest is very well done!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too short and I didn't learn much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really a course, should just be Week 1 in course 2The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview. Helpful introduction to topics covered in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Doing this course first doesn t make you anticipate how difficult could this speciality in the next courses :pThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instructor speaks very fast so that i read subtitles instead of hearing what he say, in addition to i stop video more times to understand what he say, but totally the scientific and technical contents are great also his advises for us in which how we can find the answers for our questions about data scienceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Super basic, each week was only about 30 minutes of video lecture... but I think that was their goal? Bad form on coursera for making you pay to submit assignments that are autograded to begin with.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very good for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic introduction to the specialization. It was way too simple for me since I already have knowledge in machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really tough to review this class outside of the context of the other elements of the data scientist specialization. What was presented was straight-forward and quite well done. After I know how well prepared we are for next classes, I will re-evaluate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic introduction to data science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There wasn't much to learn that I didn't already know. There was a lot of talk but no real practical application (I guess except for github for people that didn't know how to use that).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much of a course, I understand why it exists, but it's basically just getting setup with the environment. Almost not worthy of course status.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really specific, just a broad indtroduction to data analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite basic - but good overview of general theory. Don't do this on its own, it's quite useless as a standalone moduleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course goes over the basic toolkit for data scientists. Overall it seemed too easy and maybe a bit simplistic. I was expecting more. There was a lot of optional reading made available in week 1, perhaps some optional assignments/quizzes related to that reading could be added to the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Audio on videos was sometimes unclear. Course content was interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thank you for the fantastic effort. Here's some constructive feedback on the course.It's a very basic course, could have included more material. Also, the audio quality is not that great. To make it better, I'd Include more walkthroughs for Git and GitHub.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a great start to data science but also students should have it in mind that the material presented in the course won't be enough to get through it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
illustration is not enough for the commands. More schematic description could help understanding the course much better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just an introduction, not so great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very helpful but i think it is too short, i need some more concepts to fully understand what these tools used forThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Covered basic elements of data science and statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gives a good overview of topics and the specialisation, however is still very basic. I'm looking forward to the next advanced coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is practically nothing in this course to learn. It can be termed as a introduction to the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, but could be improved with further applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course sets the stage for the rest of the Data Science specialisation.You get a lot of textbooks for free and they cover a lot of material.The quizzes are a little bit underwhelming, especially the first week. Too few questions, testing some questionable knowledge (eg, what other courses there are in the specialisation -- hardly a required tool in the data scientist's box).Overall, it's a good preparation for what is to come. It managed to whet my appetite for more , however I'm not sure the course is very useful on its own.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the course was too superficial and didn't cover enough topics to be a standalone course. It could be part of a greater course. My feeling is that this wasn't worth $30 dollars, and that such a small course was put together just to charge for one more module.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very basic course to give you high level of what the course is going to cover and the tools that will be used throughout the course. If you have much programming background this course will be a breeze.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
concepts were very good but teaching method/material must improve...some of the materials and methods used are too unstable to be useful for professional use...more work should be done by instructors to separate the 'reliable' concepts/info from 'interesting to know but not ready for mass use'The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first course is composed in articulate way that allows a simple and schematic way of comprehension, but some single parts of the first course seem to be lacking of some information, above all to me without previous experience in informatics tools like github. Maybe I suppose to master this tools too long in advance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is not clear enough for a greenhand to understand, especially about installing Git on Mac or pushing files to Github.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction, but the professor could have been more descriptive about how to use git/github. These are new concepts for people so it may be difficult to grasp right away.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too easy,i wish we had more things do submit so we will learn moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The introduction of how to use github is undetailed in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too easy to be called a course. Just an easy intro, which you can complete in a couple of days.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well presented, but this course should be optional in in the specialization. There isn't really enough material to justify it, but it does cover the basics for someone with little to no development experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good introductory course, but it could be optional for people with some experience in the field, as it is very basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This one is just a warm up for the Data Science Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a really basic course. If you have never touch code before, it's more useful, but little is actually covered here and the gap between it's contents and the next class, R programming is dramatic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very basic overview on Data Science. You learn how to use git, rstudio, and other tools though. The other courses of the specialization are way better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Extremely useful info, but the material is too shallow to be satisfying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a software engineer I found this course a bit useless, but I do understand other people don't have the same background. Having said that, I believe it should be optional in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good intro course to get set up with everything you may need for future courses, but it's not necessary if you are already a little familiar with github and R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A great course. But I still think there is a lot of room for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview. But it is confusing for the first class when you have no idea about the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit odd this one. It hase some points, but most of the training is looking on what the other courses are.. Like paying for commercial :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a required course in the Data Science specialization. If you're planning to take that specialization, you should start with this course. If not, you shouldn't bother - there's not much here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very short, easy and introductory course. Gives a nice high altitude overview of the subject but little else.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall the course content is good, but the power points are not engaging and interactive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just an intro and learning a bit about Git and Git hub.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good preview, but very little is actually learned here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little bite long regarding the concepts number developped in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's ok. After the first lesson, I should be able to provide a clear elevator pitch with a high level understanding of what I can expect to accomplish (4 or 5 steps) as a Data Scientist. Instead, there was one slide that touched on this quickly, somewhere in the middle. What are the problems, how do I solve them, give samples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent for a start. Focuses too much on Github.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was hoping to learn more stuff I didn't already know. This class is more of just a vague overview of the other courses. Can be completed in 1 week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course doesn't seem to be of much use. Was not much informative. Only some information is relevant.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is basic, and quite simple. Some might say too simple. I think it should be about 1 week long. I already knew all the things going into it so it was easy to finish it over two days.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have like to jump straight to the material. Although I understand some may need it, the command line course was pretty basic. This course on it's own doesn't give much. One can get started with Programming with R w/o missing too much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be completed in a single day but spread across 4 weeks. I could understand a week but 4 seems silly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Later courses are better. This one is quite easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much content for this course, can be done in a few hours.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this class is best for academic people. I did not find what i was looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good as just an introduction to data science. Some more exercises using Github, maybe some collaborative works would have been nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good foundation for the following classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
great content, a little long course for the provided contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructions for using git and git hub left a lot to be desired.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course could be integrated into the other ones of the specialization, or, if it is meant to be just a course to get an overview, be free of charge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Might be a good introduction for those completely new to computational tools, but not useful for those with any background in git or R. Can be safely skipped.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materials are good, but it felt like this class should have a been a 1-week introductory lesson to Data Science. It is definitely now a 4-week class, maybe a a 2-week one if you take very easy. You end up with a basic setup for the next class. That I found very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a course to get you set up with all of the tools that you will need to go forward. No hard homework, but you will be ready to work. The intros into various aspects of the curriculum also serve to prepare you mentally for the coming weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of very general review information, not much new stuff. Did force me to start getting familiar with gitHub.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very light workload if you're technically competent. I would have liked to have had more to do with the math and such...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to the course. Opening up quizzes to help feedback what we'd learned (for free learners) would have made the course much better!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The sound volume is very lowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too simple. Personally feel this can be clubbed with R ProgrammingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was fine, but I think it should be offered for free even if someone is doing the data science specialisation track. It is really just teaching you what data science is, and how to install a few programs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was pretty good, but most of the information is rehashed briefly in the intro to R ProgrammingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course accomplished its goal. Nevertheless, since it is a paid course I expected to find more theoretical contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This should be at most a 1 week course, that is free. Half the course is installing Rstudio and signing up for github. The other half of the course is simply learning what each course down the pipeline is about. Those lectures could just be tacked onto the description of each course and you would get the same thing out of it.I think this course would be improved by more instruction on what git is and how to use it and maybe going over some fundamental statistical topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A necessary prerequisite for the other Data Science classes, but not really a standalone course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it gives you the necessary tools and knowledge for just beginning the data mining course. so you cannot expect to learn about the process itself.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only include very basic contents, doesn't need 4 weeks to finish this course. More like a one or two day induction session.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basically if you take this course you are paying money to create an account on a website and download some software (both of which you can do for free). The rest of it is a preview of the other courses in the series. The quiz questions don't correspond to the information on the slides. I successfully passed the course, but I didn't really learn anything. Now I am debating on whether or not to continue to the R programming course after reading through the reviews of that course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is not worth 30$The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Upgrade to submit? That's meaningless. Especially for this fundamental course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Doesn't provide a strong enough base for R Programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
With many thanks to the instructors, I expected to learn more. I did not learn as much as a 4-week course in Coursera. Please include more materials and avoid advertising for other topics in the future courses!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's kind of too easyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Probably more useful for someone with no background in programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i feel i just learn the superficial knowlegeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the lectures are full of the Prof misspeaking, this leads to you not knowing how to complete the task because the Prof can NOT communicate properly to us while we listening to the lectures... it seems like they completely missed the fact that NONE of us are data scientists...Now your Audience......The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The overall outline are great. However, the contents and requirements of this course are too simple to be integrated as a whole course. I think 1 lecture should be enough. I am looking forward to deeper introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's way to easy to be a separate course. It should be part of R Programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not useful by itself, but grudgingly necessary to get you ready for subsequent courses in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but needs more assistance with the students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very basic for a person with an IT background, but nevertheless might come in handy for people without relevant experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very basic course. If you are already a software engineer you could zoom through this entire course in an evening. If you are not a software engineer and don't know what things like github are, this class could be useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have mixed feelings. It was WAY too easy for me, but my wife did it too and it was about right in difficulty for her. But either way, I felt like it just taught you to install stuff rather than actually teaching meaningful material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful steps for starting the specialisation, but should this really be a course that people are paying for? Come on guys. By the way, some R programming concepts could be introduced here and de-clutter the congested/crammed R programming course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course about getting the basics for the Data Science specialization, but a bit overpriced, as the content is low, and can easily be done in 4-5 hours.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very light & not really consistent with the heavy workload of subsequent courses. Felt it could have been much much stronger explaining GitHub- which shows up as a problem in latter courses strongly suggesting that toolbox does not effectively cover GitHub for newbiesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very Basic Course. Doesn't require the time that was allotted to it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was good, nice introduction to data science and its branches. There was not much of depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic if one has already worked with software before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview of existing tools but more information will be useful to dig into the data world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic material, but a good introduction and a necessary step to ensure a baseline of knowledge for future courses in the data science specialization. I would only take this course if you are interested in the specialization otherwise save your money and google the info you need.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good beginning to a promising journeyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Insufficient available project available for review and thus unable to pass course due to technicality. This is a major problem. The course should still be passable even in the absence of sufficient other projects to review, which is a problem that no student has any control over.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too easy if you already know anything about github or Rstudio, although I do understand the need for an introductory course. The "Experimental Design" video was the only really useful part and contained quite entertaining examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a very basic introduction. Would be nice to have the option to skip it for more advanced students.Also the recorded lectures are really quite, so you have to turn up the speaker a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course should be a free trial for whole specialisation. IT will be more helpful for students to know what is further stored in the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is useful to get to know the software that staticians use and some review about them but it doesn't teach you how to use them. A good introductory course for the specialization track but useless as a unique course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The real basics of data analysis. The course is not bad I would just say it may be too simple even for an introductory courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needed a step-by-step information sheet about what R Software and Tools need to be downloaded with links.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thought it was too easy to be its own course :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course, however, I would have liked deeper knowledge in gitThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good and basic understanding of terms.Can be made vast.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The part of explaining Predictive and Inferential Analysis is confusing. I think it won't hurt to give some more specific examples and methods used in each case. Both types of analyses involve sampling, so I think it is necessary to keep it clear how that sample can be used to either "infer" or "predict".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good introductory course to some of the tools but it doesn't go into the details of R programming or Data Science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite basic, but good to set the needed programsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the start up course and look forward to more, but am battling to figure out how to sign-up for the next step all roads seem to force me back to the Toolkit.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is very basic. The whole course took my around 6 hours to finish. I think the instructor should add more solid training on GitHub.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very common curse about common data things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You don't really learn all that much, but then again I have experience with R and some data stuff already, so perhaps it'd be more useful for someone else.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Getting started with the toolsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learned a bit but overall it is literally not worth the price of admission. I think that this course could be offered for free and maybe the others are worth paying for. Hope that the rest of the specialization is worthwhileThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
highly recommended for newbs in any kind of development, otherwise waste of time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very limited, it should have been combined with Introduction to R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
From the basic layout of the course you would assume it's for beginners since it covers step-by-step instructions to install software and run command on command line window.But on the other hand, many advanced concepts are slipped in this course without even basic introduction. I remember in one class, "data dredging" is discussed for about 2-3 minutes. But the instructor did not give a brief description about what it is, instead it just goes on about when you do not have clear question in your mind, you would run the risk of data dredging.I think the course could be organized in a better way. But I do appreciate the instructors' hard work of putting up such a 10-course specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content good but a little too basic in my eyes. I think the addition of more functions in SAS/Python would be useful. Having to do peer reviews is also not ideal.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A decent start for anyone interested in learning the basics. However, please make sure you add extra efforts from your end in understanding stats concepts if you are totally new to the subject as well as browsing things related to usage of SAS or python. The course touches only the basics so it is up the learner to explore and learn more about interested statistical tool.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good beginners course but I think there are better lessons in SAS and Python if learning these is your goal, and the content in data cleaning and visual analysis is very basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I appreciate the fact that this course doesn't go into the fine detail on how to code everything, I believe there is still more information on the coding and data management practices that could be included in the course content. In addition to that, I feel the course could use the following adjustments to make it better:1 - Have Python students grade other Python students and SAS students grade other SAS students. While it is nice to get exposure to another language, it is more than enough to learn one at a time.2 - Add quizes and/or other well formed questions that are graded (automatically, not peer graded) to help enforce the concepts being taught.3 - Make the assignment instructions/expectations more clear. I feel there are times when the grading criteria don't exactly match the requested assignment. While people follow the spirit of the assignment, the grading questions may ask for slightly different or additional items.4 - Certain aspects of statistical analysis are glossed over and should be covered in more depth in the training videos. While I like the short videos for brevity, I would prefer to watch 10-15 minutes more content and really feel like the material was well covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course material needs to updated to reflect current software updates.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good overall, some of the course materials were a bit sparse. You had to do your own research into getting packages working in spyder etc.I'd probably recommend that learners learn some python separately and read the docs for pandas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very superficial. Too few in statistics, too much in python and SAS.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has its positives, but overall does not perform well instructing on the use of the two statistical software offered (SAS & Python). At the beginning they offer multiple data sets to use and formulate a research question, but all the examples utilize only one data set and do not cover the differences you might face with the other data sets - leading to a lot of missed opportunities. Additionally, the tutorials for using the statistical software do not lend themselves towards a thorough understanding and more to a route learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a very good introduction to Python for data exploration and management.That being said, it focuses too much on categorical data analysis, and I felt the transition to quantitative/continuous data was not very well done.Moreover, some more explanations about several Python functions or coding choices could be better explained.But it's encouraging to see this type of statistical course for Python and not R!! Again!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The slides are excellent and instructions are clear and to the point. But that point is very limited. The main negative about this class is that there is absolutely no student/TA/teacher feedback and you're pretty much on your own learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
They put a lot of effort into this course, but especially for the videos it was a bit too much. So many different visual backgrounds, sounds, music, text floating it... It's as if they just wanted to use everything, while never thinking about when it would start being too distracting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good but i thought it will cover most of SAS technology. But it has covered basics only .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A great idea to create a project based online course. We should focus on application based learning not on lectures. You need improve this course still. 4 weeks are to short.We need more deep and more weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most of the courses/lectures seemed to be very basic Project Management principles. Some lectures did give a good background and high level understanding of Construction Project Management, but expected a bit more in depth info.Last lesson/assignment required more research on my part as it required general construction knowledge. The reason I took to this course was to get a better, high-level understanding of construction project management and planning, however, the Job Logic assignment expected that I would know what all is involved in the technical workings in construction (i.e. excavation, prepping, waterproofing, etc.) in which I have no experience or knowledge. A 2-hour assignment took me more than 3 hours to complete.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall it's good. Depending on the customer's level of experience in construction. Some of the classes are very basic knowledge. But the structure of the course is consistent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did not think the instructors were very engaging. For the most part they read from slide decks that were also on the screen. There should be more visuals and discussion about what it is like to work in construction management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course offers valuable information on the different aspects of Construction Project Managment. The only critic I have is that the instructions/grading rubric for the assignments are terribly vague. The assignment starts with a simple example in the videos which the student can reasonably replicate and create their own version. The problem starts when you begin the peer-assignment grading and realize the grading points are painfully specific. Now you have to go back and re-do your homework assignment after you learned what was really expected from the student. This wouldn't be an issue except that your second draft may not get graded if all of the students are done grading. Plus it's annoying to have to re-do work that you could have done right the first time but the guidelines were unclear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good start with Fundamentals. Need to take more advanced courses to gain indepth knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course with valuable insights, however, I'd like to see more assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good audio and video quality. Explanations are very understandable and given with a lot of examples. Summaries and connections between the different content parts are provided regularly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I enjoyed this course and learned quite a bit, I think the strong leaning of the content toward use of materials for educational purposes should be made much clearer in the class title and description. Another primary complaint is that many of the quiz questions are are poorly written, requiring assumptions to be made outside of the information presented with the question. On a positive note, the wealth of supplementary content is very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very well structured, but the teacher is boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected much deeper knowledge for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt like the teaching was fairly abstract, and I had a difficult time figuring out how I was supposed to apply certain lessons. Overall, I did pick up several helpful hints, so the course was worth it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did come away with some good books/stories for reading, but would have like them to be included in the course the way it is in the Setting and Description module. I found the videos did not always lead up to the assignment, and I think the assignments could have been more clearly laid out. I still came away learning, but it did not feel very structured. To be fair, character is a sort of amorphous subject to begin with.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course information was great and the assignments were very helpful. What lost points for the course was not the content provided by Wesleyan, which was good, but the poor effort on the part of many of the fellow students to really work on constructive critiques. For each assignment I had at least one of the three peer reviews that was useless to me to improve my writing, sometimes more. There should be a way to rate critiques so that students can't move on if they don't do the work of critiquing well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If the week 4 was not there, i would have a 2 or even a 1 for this class.Until week 4, there was very little connection between what we were watching and what we were asked to write assignments. And the assignments were also confusing and overly restrictive. There didnt seem to be any sense in why we were asked to write those.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think Judy Bloom is a brilliant writer. She is also an engaging instructor but I found it difficult at time to discern what the salient points or "take-aways" were from the lectures. I also found the assignment to be less than clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As much as I enjoyed completing this course, as I've enjoyed every course in this program, this one feels less organised than the others simply in that the learning material doesn't clearly connect with the writing material and it was difficult to predict what the review criteria might be. I found myself guessing at the meaning of each week's modules before completing my assignments and more often than not I discovered little correlation between the videos and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the assignment instructions to be quite confusing. Some of the questions asked for the peer-to-peer reviews were very unclear. I didn't feel the course, overall, offered the same level of content and knowledge that the Craft of Plot offered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is beneficial to all those who struggle with character plot. I thoroughly enjoyed it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent lectures. Assignments were a little too "exercisey" for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared to other courses in the creative writing specialization, I felt that this one needs some improvement. The video lectures just didn't have enough meat to them. For example, in other courses in the specialization, there will be links to optional readings or videos, leading to a deeper understanding of the concepts. Some readings, for example, would be welcome to give example of great (or even not so great) characterization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures in this class are well done and informative, and they provide a lot of good material. However, the assignment portion needs a lot of work. The instructions weren't clear for anyone taking the class which resulted in incredibly difficult grading. It was hard to even understand the basic ideas of what was required for an assignment.I think the teacher very much needs to go back and change the wording of the assignments, add more information in the instructions, and also post an example to show what is expected since a lot of the assignments are very strange, like a describing a character without mentioning the character in any way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The excercises on the course are great, but the videos can be a little vague.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but assignment instructions were difficult to understand at times and no examples were given.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I've got the chance to practice writing and I've learned some interesting insights, but I think the instructor didn't put too much effort into this course. All there is to it are 'shop talks' and too little structure.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course information was great and the assignments were very helpful. What lost points for the course was not the content provided by Wesleyan, which was good, but the poor effort on the part of many of the fellow students to really work on constructive critiques. For each assignment I had at least one of the three peer reviews that was useless to me to improve my writing, sometimes more. There should be a way to rate critiques so that students can't move on if they don't do the work of critiquing well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
if you are looking for a killer course on this topic , then this course will disappoint you .best suited for very beginner and some refresher for the older guys .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not all the DSDs were useful, and some of the content is very dated (such is the nature of a MOOC that isn't maintained), but it was useful to learn about methodologies and tools to think creatively about issues and solving problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is okay, kind of a bit slow-paced.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was inconsistently delivered and the topics disorganized. The content was excellent, although a bit repetitive at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The MOOC was good and full of hidden treasures. Unfortunatelly, last week had a very low quality - it was the only part I wasn't able to take out anything. Week , on the other hand, was full of interesting techniques prsented in weekly homework and surely worth further investigation. To sum up: I'm glad I finished it, but I suggest to rearrange it's form - add some videoes, and remove other ones.all the best,Piotr MilewskiThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quality of videos was pretty poor. The question and answer format of discussion was not a great idea (might have been great for kids videos). Doesn't enthuse us to continue the course. Thanks however for putting the effort and making this available to everyone for free. Really appreciate that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but many problems with platform... and help center not easy to accessThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
No engagement from faculty, if you have questions regarding anything in the course, no one will answer them. Unclear and incomplete instructions for assignments. Overall, probably my worst experience with Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, but elementary content. But absolutely no support from 'teachers'.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for what it is: a rock-bottom basic introduction. I would have appreciated more technical instruction in how to create complex, involved visualizations and less philosophizing and design ethos. A better name might have been "What is Data Visualization? A Course In Tableau For Non-Professionals" or something like that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Contents are excellent.The only disappointing is that It costs to submit assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
PWM Switch modelling and use of that to simplify converter modelling not covered in detail.More theoretical. Intuition on the models that we derive is not there.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked it a lot but I didn't´t find helpful the assignments and how they were asked to be corrected. The assignments ask you to list things that were seen during the course but dont´t push the learner to think and look up for further information in the topic. I have also taken Business Strategy also from University of Illinois and, in my opinion, the assignments are very well conducted and the make you think and go beyond the course info.I think this is very important to address it properly because it is when the learner really acquire the knowledge, when he/she has to connect what he/she has learnt with real cases.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs to structured a bit better.Answers to discussions if provided will be very helpful and help analyse situations in the way instructor aims to.The MIT Case readings, not 10min things, thos cases are all like 20 pages+!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice but only for those who search their first job.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found some of the topics repetitive and trivial, already covered in previous courses of the specialization. However, there was good advice that still makes it a worthwhile course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It seemed to me that it is a good introduction for someone totally new to the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative and well presented, but honestly you need to make the core readings available online, as it makes it really difficult to possibly get the most out of this course. I live in a remote part of Australia where are no universities or public libraries which would have a copy of the book by Calhoun, and even if I had been able to afford the book it would have taken 6 weeks or more to get to me. So I read the alternative readings but it clearly wasn't enough to get the quiz questions right which were obviously extracted directly from content of the Calhoun book. If it isn't possible to make sections of this book available online then you should at least rewrite some of the quiz questions so that they are accessible to students who can't get hold of a copy of the book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course have nice subject, but somehow cannot take my full attention all the time. Missing more practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Had important problems with SAS which were due to a bug in the software but did not receive any help from moderators. However the course was good and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but very superficial I would say.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was no explanation about background mathematics. Grading metrics are unclear because assessment of assignments are only peer grading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic introduction and not thorough or mathematical enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a lot of self-teaching with these courses because there are no professors present to reach out to with questions. In addition, the course staff do not always respond promptly nor are they fully knowledgeable about all aspects of error messages that may arise out of coding. At times the code that were provided in the lecture videos were out of date and a lot of time was spent on googling to find the updated code. This is definitely not a beginner coder course and I do not recommend it to anyone who has not coded before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has intrinsic value, but as the complexity of the materials covered, the weekly slides were a priority to allow students to grasp better the materials covered. Just relying in the videos to assimilate the content is not an effective form of learning. Also pausing the videos to watch the definitions in most cases was ineffective as it was hard to see it properly. Please consider to release the lecture slides to all courses. If the slides were available, that would helped me to go further in my learning proccess. That's why I only give a 3/5. The slides are determinant to improve and master (to some extent) the materials covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is clear and goes at a sustained but correct pace. I really like the fact to show the weakness to understand what are the requirements of a secure PRF, PRP & co!Optional programming assignments are really interesting unfortunately they take too much time to do and lack of guidance as it could be the case for the famous ML course. At least the first exercises should provide a development environment to get familiar with: hex, crypto libs, dictionary research, stats algorithms implementation ...The first two weeks lack of in-video tests.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Generally, a fair intro to key topics in "Cybersecurity and Mobility", however some of the sources are dated (and could be updated), given the fast-paced nature of the field. Still, worth some time if you want to learn more about where current trends are heading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little dated, with most material and research presented from the glorious days of 2012. The issues at hand are however still valid, thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provided some god information on version control and file naming conventions, but a lot of the lessons just refer to the DDI protocol.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a an important topic and more scientists (and students in the sciences) should learn about this but the quizzes are not great as a learning aid and my motivation is running through lows.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Personally they should add a free textbook and a vocabulary list with clear examples.So yes this course could benefit from more detail time to timeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A free book to read would have been nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is fine but the course isn't taught well. The instructor tends to start talking immediately in subject jargon and abbreviations without first giving students an intro or explaining foundation material first. It seems a lot of material is left out of the lectures and slides on purpose and forces students to buy the instructor recommended text book (which is also authored by the instructor). After each lecture I'm forced to Google search a lot of what was mentioned before I even understood half of what the instructor was talking about. I didn't pay to listen to something that forces me to Google search everything.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is really helpful About Database Systems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great content, horrible technical support from Coursera and the team that runs this program (since it is clearly obvious that Michael Mannino just recorded the videos and is not part of the class anymore).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice introductory course for database management. Assignments are challenging enough for beginners like me but I like that. If I'm already 'investing' my time into something I expect to learn something in return. This course gave me that kind of reciprocity. Course would benefit from radically different approach to video-lessons. Reading from power-point slides which are written in the same manner, have identical structure tends to become tedious after a while. Professor seems nice and knowledgeable but a bit more relaxed and/or engaging approach would be beneficial to many. Oh, and peer-reviewed grading, wherever possible, should be replaced with an auto-grader. That's not a critique, though. Not quite sure if it's even possible with this kind of material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was clear, I had difficulties to find course materials, especially examples were used in the video class, I wish they had been put in more obvious places.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Do not be fooled by the course description. You do need to know some basics before attempting the course. Be prepared to look a lot of things up independently or purchase the "optional" text book. There is virtually no moderator in this course and the instructor does not grade or comment on the discussions. Basically he is reading you PowerPoint slides and adding very little to the lesson by watching and listening to him do so. Your grades are based on what your peers (who are also trying to learn) think or interpret the correct answer to be based on their limited knowledge and discretion. I would not recommend this course for someone wishing to learn SQL as it is not the main focus, it is only a small part of the lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros: Information is perfect for anyone looking at Business Intelligence as a career field, or already in the career field itself. I found the first week to challenge my on-the-job knowledge of a fuller set of concepts and general terminology.Cons: The wording on the quiz questions, in some cases, seems much different than the PPT slides and the instructor's language. UPDATE: The wording is a significant challenge, even when advancing into the more complex topics. I have had many differences of opinions on the solutions based on wording in the requirements.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The specialization is great, and the course breadth and topics described in each is equally good. For this course, however, I felt like I could have covered what was taught by myself with a book, i.e. I didn't feel like it was class room level engaging with the explanations.I realized this is a one way MOOC, but I've taken courses off and on since they came out, and some others felt more interactive. This was more of here's a slide, I will read what's on the slide and explain some topics. The assignments were not bad, but definitely took more time than stated (just keep that in mind). The other thing that would help immensely is having TAs in the course. It's possible that they may get some later, but I've felt I learned/got feedback a lot more in courses with TAs.That said, this is an excellent introduction to databases course, and there's not many of them out there. If I had to go it again, I would, and I also paid for getting the cert - if anything for career advancement and having it on your LinkedIn profile as a starter DB course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros: The course content covers a lot of relevant topics on Database Management. Things like Basic SQL queries, Database Normalization, Conceptual and Logical databases, and making ER diagrams are covered in the course.Cons: Prof Mannino is a bit robotic in his reading out of long sentences and the constant pace of talking. There is tons of repetition of sentences and words mere seconds after they were just spoken. The lectures seem to be a collection of bullet points.The assignments and the peer review structure is really a low point. There's no specific grading rubric - so points allocation is random and based on your peer's assessment. I had many instances where my right answers were marked as wrong. There is nothing you can do to correct it. Moreover, the questions are iterative and thus the same apparent error carries on and you get multiple wrong scores.Assignments need to be submitted in documents. Separate documents for each question !! At times, even a one-line answer needs to be in a separate document. Pictures of database diagrams need to be pasted in said documents. It was a bit frustrating to take screenshots all the time. Especially when you make a small correction, and have to take screenshots AGAIN, then paste it AGAIN, and upload AGAIN !!Summary: Take the course for it's content, and use the assignments as good practice. Don't take the grading seriously. Also, focus on the content rather than the delivery by the professor, and you will still be able to get some value out of the course (and the specialization by extension)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the content was great but the style of lectures were a bit too robotic and not conversational. This didn't help the learning process. Also, the course admin might consider explaining 'On' 'And' 'Where' 'TIMESTAMP', 'DateDiff' more than what was provided.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, I would have liked to deepen SQL knowledge and practice. The conceptual parti seems a little bit too important.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish to have more contact with the academic crew.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's Ok, nothing much to gain iin terms of knowledge realted to cyber conflict.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the comparisons between past physical wars and current cyberwar. However, the course take the long way to explain very basic elements of nations interactions and trust.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos were not always easy to understand because of the unclear pronouncing of the key speaker. Also although most of the tests were easy to complete, the ones that you had to write the answer down instead of only choosing the correct answer, were hard since if one word you wrote was wrong you lost the question.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wished the course was a deeper dive into this area.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
On the positive side I emphasise the importance of bringing this topic to a Coursera course. Also the readings were important and added value to the learning experience.On the other hand there are - in my opinion some aspects that made this course a not so rich experience. First, there are some audio issues in the videos. Second, the quizzes are excessively easy and the in video quizzes should not appear in the weekly assignments. If there are required readings, some of the quiz questions should relate to those readings. This way students had an incentive to go over those readings. But the most salient thing that made my experience very limited was the fact that one of the instructors - the one that presented most of the videos, was excessively nervous and all that he did was read the slides, in most cases not doing so naturally and committing errors, rephrasing, stopping, changing speed. I found it very, very difficult to follow along what he was saying. I had to focus only on the slides, otherwise I would get distracted. I think it is ok to be nervous or at ease, but the team should alerted him to this, and shoot the videos again and again until they had acceptable and balanced quality.A minor thing, I would like to had available the weekly slides to further reflection. I think the video issues that I've mentioned should been carefully planned before this course made it mainstream.This is my opinion. Hope it will help you for future improvements of the course and/or other offerings.Ricardo OliveiraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting to try R hands on. Could have made more definitive statements on the usefulness of each test (there was lots of 'you could have a look at this analysis, or this one, or this one' without covering why each one would be particularly good for this case). Some of the later exercises also made quite of a leap in terms of what you were expected to know about R syntax, although the follow up answers were good if you didn't understand what was expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This module took me on an interesting journey with lots of twists and turns. While I love challenges and learning otherwise I wouldn't have taken this course. I'd like to suggest the following: mentor to assist students, review of codes I found lots of glitches, one quiz rather than two, cut back on timeframe. I'd like to give more stars but am being generous with 3 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite advanced in contrast to the rest of this specialization!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not finding it very useful, but it's good to know about the concepts and theories for each type of experiments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was able to follow the course and keep the pace but I got lost on factorial ANOVA. The professor is great but the course feels rushed through. It would be great if more time was spent on actual explanation of main concepts, since many here are the beginners in stats. I will try again, hopefully will get it this time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the course requires some basic statistic knowledge which I do not know anything about, it is tough to keep out. If providing some basic reading or keynote before hand would be really helpful!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting case studies, but very uninteresting professor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was interesting, but unfortunately it really felt like it was tailored to a male audience. The metaphors, examples (ie "surely you've taken part in team sports like American Football") and tone really made it feel like the course was aimed not at me, but at men. As a woman in an industry dominated by men, this was disappointing because I don't believe that I am any less deserving of a place at the top table, but this course made me feel like those kind of jobs weren't for me. I would prefer it if the course leaders would take the time to look at the content of this and other iMBA courses and ensure that the content takes on a more neutral tone, to make it feel more welcoming to people traditionally shut out of very senior rolesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very useful content, great readings, but total lack of peer-to-peer engagement. It's like reading a book: nice but not up to industry best practices. Overall, the course is lower quality than the ones before from Gregory Northcraft. Another problem with this specific course is word hunting in quizzes. The ones for case studies are especially tricky.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
OK course. Difficult to follow at times. The assignments and reading make it worth taking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just taking part of the course material was rewarding. A good basic introduction to Organization Design. Looking forward to the next step in Designing the OrganizationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course lacks coherence which comes as a big disappointment as it follows two excellent modules by Greg Northcraft.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was a let down. There wasn't enough practical or real world examples to practice with. Good candidates would have been software companies in the SaaS space.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
hands on experience based content would have been appreciated, Its a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the information is outdated, and I have find some examples, services not working anymore. during the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for basic information about digital analytics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wished the content and the tests were more challenge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is definitely interesting. But I didn't see any "Practice" there... I didn't really get the difference theory vs practice between this course and the previous one "Digital Analytics for Marketing Professionals: Marketing Analytics in Theory".Sometimes the assignments were not very interesting, and didn't always help practicing the content exposed in the lectures... For example, the piece about the different statistical tools: I didn't get why it was included in the course... either we do exercises on it, or it shouldn't be in the course... but there is not point of knowing by heart the differences between the different statistical tools.The part about the customer decision journey, the plan for analytics, and the different analysis techniques were very interesting. I would have liked to see and practice more concretely how to collect data (e.g. how to perform clickstream analysis), etc.And the lectures should avoid general tips and guidelines (like "5 things to avoid in order to"... the web is full of this kind of content)... I mean, it has to be "in Practice". And the professor should know exactly the content of his slides, and prepare his speech.Lastly, a lot of the suggested readings were from a blog that is really horrible to read... The author of the blog might be very knowledgeable on his subject, but his blog it is full of useless jokes, very long to read... I mean one of its articles could 3 times shorter if he gets straight to the pointThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is very much a primer. I was hoping it would go into more detail than it did, but I did find it a very helpful overview.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
nice but doesnt give you much knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Presents a useful analysis framework, but with limited practical examples to learn how to use analytical tools.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Even though the theoretical part was well put together, case study questions were too vague and should have been better thought out. This part of the specialization did not meet my expectation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not enough practical examples. the information is providede on a bit higher levelThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected it to be far moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have appreciated practicing moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was somewhat disappointed in this course as I expected much more "practice". The assignments did not have you actually perform any analytics activities. The course materials seem very out of date considering how much things change in the digital age. Reading Blogger posts from 2006 on a Blogger blog that hasn't been updated since 2012 is not forward thinking in my view. Yes, things don't always change, but the face of analytics changes daily.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very informative for those interested in data analytic and want to go for market research kind of jobs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Same as the theory class not much examples or case studies....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good High Level understanding of AnalyticsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Marketing Analytics in theory was much more enriching than this one. It would be great if tutors can add practical examples to show how marketing analytics is actually performed it would have been great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too simple and too broad. Overall it's ok.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but not much practice despite the title.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was too easy for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I know a lot of work went into preparing this material. Although the Table of Contents serves this purpose in a more text-rich, visually complicated way - something I would find very useful is a step by step table or guide (to ensure no step is skipped) for the entire process, i.e.Requirement ActivitiesUse CasesWireframesStory Board developmentUser Story DevelopmentProduct Backlog Developmentand so on. I hope this will be helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too high level course. Expected more from it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall I enjoyed this course and got a broad overview of the various technologies used in big data analysis. The course is video heavy but short on practice. There are 3 assignments the first 3 weeks, then week4 is an endless series of videos. I really enjoyed the assignments but felt there should have been more assessment/practice provided -there are no quizzes to reinforce understanding. The readings provided are mostly academic ones which aren't that clear to beginners (even to programmers like me).In contrast, a Python data science course on another MOOC platform has 4 times as much content with practice exercises after every video, mid and final exams, weekly problem sets as well as readings.Ultimately the course showed me what I need to learn next to get into Data Science but the first course hasn't given me confidence that the rest of the specialization will be worth the money.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content for Data Scientists but video lessons are not sufficient to be able to complete the assignments. It required great deal of own searching and trials and errors to complete the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are all just the right length. As a working professional, it was easy to consume the course in my varying bits of free time. For the most part, the assignments were good. There were a few places where there were mistakes in the instructions or the code downloaded from github had some errors. It was fairly clear that these mistakes have been around for quite sometime, so I wonder why nobody ever bothered to update the code in github or update the bad instructions. This is the internet, not a published textbook. That should be pretty easy to fix. It was also a little disappointing that the 4th lesson was extra long in terms of lectures and had no related assignments. The course was marked as completed when I finished the 3rd assignment so the fourth lesson was effectively optional.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Found the assignments were 'very loosely' aligned with the lecture material and had poorly formed problems in places.Lectures were reasonably good but not quite up to the standard set with other U of W Data Science courses or other University Data Science / Machine Learning courses I have taken.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Long, slow, rambling video. I watched most of it at 1.75x. Slides are kind of a mess and lectures are disorganized.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments were just not that challenging except first oneThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has appealing assignments and covers interesting topics. The course, however, has two fatal flaws. First, the lectures are a bit disjointed. While there is much to learn in the lectures, the lecturers style is a bit halting and scattered (it would have been much better presented if the lecturer had a script to read off of.) As is, the lectures are mediocre, which is unfortunate since the lecturer is clearly knowledgeable about the topics presented.Second, the assignments suffer from a lack of good error messaging and no support in the forums (aside from what you will find from other students, which can be very helpful at times.) The assignments themselves are a great approach to learning concepts (and you get to work with real data, like the Twitter data), but without good error messaging when you submit a script you pretty much end guessing where you are taking a wrong turn.I had high hopes for this course, but it seems as though it fails on execution.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somehow interesting course about Data analysis. The lectures are interesting for those who have no prior knowledge about the topics, but boring to those who have it. The assignments are quite challenging and the disadvantage is, that they are not connected to the lectures and are therefore not well explained. What I like about the assignments is, that it is practical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The emphasis on methods rather than specific tools makes the course more resistant to the continuous changes in technology. The stage is set well, and there are practical implementations. Still, it's disappointing to see that errors from previous rounds have not been corrected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was really frustrating that the autograder and assignment instructions didn't match. This course has been around too long for that big of a mistake. The lectures were the redeeming factor. They were interesting and presented the subject matter in a concise way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of good material, though I don't like how they've repackaged the original material from the prior longer version, which I worked through at my own pace a year ago, off session. Cramming all the material relating to NoSQL and Graph Analytics into the final week without assignment is ineffective. Instead, consider focusing the 4th week on NoSQL, and keep an assignment with it, maybe even the original Pig assignment that required and AWS account. I don't think the nominal charge Amazon will levy would hold anybody up who's serious about learning to process data at scale, it's just a few bucks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the material is too simple. This course is just like a brief introduction, but not a course in college to teach student the real knowledge. I think MOOC course should be the same as a real college course. With the same difficulty and amount of material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a cooked up version from an earlier, more extensive course. Lecture videos now split from 10-14 minutes into lots of 4-6 minute videos. It seems, some assignments are missing, too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Program instructions could be more specific. Make it clear exactly what format the programs output should be.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I consider the assignment is not very useful. Network plot usually does not help much if you are researching dataset. Scatterplot, histogram can be much useful. Tableau? Sorry, can't afford it, why not excel? At least, almost anyone uses it. Not very practical one, but it does contains a lot of information in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I chose the "Data Mining" specialization to learn more about data mining ;-)I'm not so interested to present dataThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is awsome to get motivation and quite informative. However it teaches lot of practical concepts using Tableau which is a commercial software.Since these concepts entirely new to me. It take me a lot of time to understand videos and still I'm afraid I'll forget the things as soon as I leave it. I think some more practical activities should be introduce (on free platforms), to make knowledge more sustainable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not necessary for meThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought at times the explanations were a bit concise. If I look at the process mining course for example, a lot more video material is included (and its price is lower) with more concrete examples and practice. For non programmers it is not evident to find a solution to some of the assignments and there isn't much guidance on how to use certain tools. therefore, the time to be invested for non programmers - especially in week 3 - is far more than the houThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The same as I have written for the other courses in the specialty. The course information was great and the assignments were very helpful. What lost points for the course was not the content provided by Wesleyan, which was good, but the poor effort on the part of many of the fellow students to really work on constructive critiques. For each assignment I had at least one of the three peer reviews that was useless to me to improve my writing, sometimes more. There should be a way to rate critiques so that students can't move on if they don't do the work of critiquing well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just as the Amy Bloom's course, this course has no descriptive arch and one is left to try and grasp the teaching points in a flood of reference material. Teach theory in a clear structure first please then provide reference. See Brando Skyhorse course, very structured.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you've not read a single book on writing, this class might be good. Otherwise, don't expect to get much about the ~30 minutes of lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would strongly recommend the instructor provide pdf lecture notes that we could save please.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Geared specifically to college professors, as opposed to general public. Could be more useful with more background information on ADA and IDEA and everyday implications. Could also incorporate mental illness and disability aspects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro to the terms, concepts, and approach for data science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course can use more visuals instead of videos of the face of the instructor. It can also use more interactive examples as this is a more executive view instead of having scholar examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too high-level for what I was looking for but a good introduction to get familiarized with some of the terminology and concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first week gave me a good insight into the data science process. I now understand the situations in which Data Science can best be applied. However, I still do not fully understand the statistics aspect. It would help me if the instructors would provide examples in detail of supervised vs unsupervised learning. I seem to understand the theory behind it but I am not sure how valuable it will be for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Brian Caffo's lectures were rambling and confusing, with excessive use of jargon without proper explanation. His graphs were overwhelming with information, and little effort was made to explain the graph. Otherwise, the other lectures were very good, concise, and clear. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to data science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview... but expected more content..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice overview for those of us unschooled in the language. Syntax of the notes and text is in need of major editing-proofreading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have been better if quiz access is available for free so that it is easier to reinforce concepts learnt.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introductory course but a bit too superficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course leaves you frustrated, as valuable information is only ad the end and at the beginning. It doesn't really answer questions of what are data science, big data, machine learning, how they interact and how to use them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excersices! real excersices to really understand the theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was expecting more of the how to's and a bit of programming or at least concepts of the programming/statistics, but I guess there are different interpretations of the idea of a crash course.Definitely geared for people who work with data scientists but not in the data science field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but uneven. Felt like the first draft of a team-taught courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really basic course. Not needed for people you have already done data science specialization in courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I want to give 3.5 stars but there is only option for 3 or 4.Given that it's geared more towards wanna be managers in this field. I would have expected lot of case studies, and links to additional material for individual reading plus a mini write up or a project at the end.For MOOCs to compete with a degree program or an onsite instruction few of the things I think that are needed areInterviews with industry practitioners which is a big plus.interviews/postings from people with similar background as the 90% of the MOOC students of this program who made it... this motivates the students from dropping from the middle of the course/specilization programslinks to additional articles that the students can read at leisurewriteup/project as assignments that the students can pursue and publish (not necessarily for grade but as a mind jogger)One more thing that I think should help (not specific to this course) is that the student with the best grade should be offered one free course and think this will motivate the students to complete the courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course for somebody who does not know anything about data science. When doing this specialisation there should be credit for those that did the other data science specialisationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures were fairly straightforward but not really that exciting and the lecturers sometimes felt a little unprepared or underwhelming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic level, nice talks thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Solid introduction. Not so engaging if using the non-paid optionsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, simple, straightforward, and applied. It starts to introduce you to the language and platforms of data science, but it is most definitely not a standalone course if you want to be conversant in the field. Really just a "taster" to get you into the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wanted to like this course but It felt entirely too academic in terms of both the subject matter and the way the specifics of "data science" are presented. The course content reminded me of my time a few years ago when I was enrolled in a Ph.D. program at a major Tier 1 research university. The professors were great, but the content was esoteric and incredibly focused on research based "data science" and less on business analytics or more practical applications of data science for the working professional. I felt myself re-watching the videos to try and understand the content because there were many instances where the professors' spoke about some fundamental aspect of data science but failed to provide some real world context. I liked the course but I would not recommend it as a crash course for the working professional, more like a crash course for someone who already has a degree in statistics/math/engineering who is looking to further their studies in an academic setting where research is the main goal.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The courses in this specialization are - in my opinion, excessively short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Concise but could already include a basic proyect.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, with general and not over-detailed explanations of all the relevant topics in data Science. A good, general overview definitively worth working on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simple and good overview of Data ScienceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic course. If you know about data science, data analysis, or machine learning, you may find this class basic or boring. Good intro course for those who have no prior knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It provides a quich shot on data science, but the way it presents is not so interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introductory overview of data science. Grounds you on what you can & cannot do with data science. I find defining the question really impactful. Teachers were enthusiastic and the brevity of the course gives it good appeal for beginners who want to "get their feet wet".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were some good modules in this course and the assignments were helpful in applying the principles. The videos were not as polished as those in the previous courses. It gave the feel of the course a bit of "quick to market" feel, particularly given that it was a week late in getting started.Overall though, I would recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week 1 & 2 not terribly useful; week 3 (in depth look at actions within dashboards) & 4 (significant content relating to building a story) are what I expected the class/series to be.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The main reason for my rating is because the course is so "loose" on what your are supposed to achieve incrementally every week that it can lead to some hard situations.Just to give my example: the first week was piece of cake and I didn't feel like it really contribute for the following weeks. Then, I was struggling with the suggested library (tm) until I got support through the discussion forums and someone suggested me to use quanteda.Then thinks started to run smoothly, or so I thought. When implementing the language model (which, at first, I thought was supposed to be KBO), I got stuck for a long period. Not because my model was wrong (I was able to implement it and to check it against some hand-written and proved examples - which I should probably thank again), but because I was not able to make it run efficiently enough for the given constraints.Being stuck in this stage for longer than I wanted, I had to sacrifice another important steps of data analysis pipeline in order to not jeopardize my final delivery by not meeting the final due date. I know that this is exactly what will happen in the "real" life, but I think that some better guidance could guarantee the students spent a more even amount of time in across all steps.All things considered, I think the Capstone was really interesting and likely took more than the 4-9 hours per week, but most of this is probably because of the problems I faced.I believe that with a better guidance on the paths to follow or maybe some suggested libraries to use, a lot of "noise" (useless difficulty) could be removed and this course would definitely get more starts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's been a challenge to learn all these new concepts and package them into a working product in such a small period of time. I am glad of the things I learned. Also, in my opinion the materials / resources given to this course are scarce compared with previous courses of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it could've given more instructions!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was essentially a self-study project with some social peers. The topic, approach, and standards were different from all of the other units in the Data Science specialization. I found the other units more enjoyable.Learning the essentials of NLP quickly is necessary to begin the project. I ordered a textbook, for example, and I was fortunate that it arrived quickly. If NLP is a prerequisite for this capstone project - whether in the form of a prior class or textbook knowledge - this should be indicated clearly on the course description page.Nevertheless, the main learning that I achieved with this course was in the area of software engineering - specifically, how to take advantage of vectorization in R to achieve reasonable computing performance. While this is a valuable skill, it doesn't seem the proper focus of a capstone course in a sequence focused primarily on other topics.As noted elsewhere in these comments, there was a complete absence of any traditional teaching support. Learning outcomes suffered as result. The missing resources included instructors, mentors, partners, and learning materials.The course site notes an expected time requirement of a few hours per week. My commitment was 20 hours per week, under some pressure. Numerous students take this "course" multiple time, in order to arrange for reasonable software development time.Producing working software was fun, as it always is. The course learner community was supportive, which is fortunately typical for Coursera.All in all, this project was *not* an effective capstone for the Data Science specialization. The project was interesting in its way, but it felt 'parachuted in' to this learning sequence.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a capstone to a series of courses that covered data science and R, I found this one to be a bit lacking. There was no involvement from the professors at JHU or the folks at SwiftKey. As was mentioned in another review, the course feels abandoned. All you get a few short (two minutes or so) videos that give you little in the way of instruction or direction. Basically, they just say, "Go do this. Good luck!"There were also no Mentors or TAs to guide students or answer questions. It was the students helping each other through the forums. Sometimes it was helpful and everyone involved learned something. Other times, it was the blind trying to lead the visually-impaired.On a positive note, you will use all of the skills from the previous courses: writing R functions, performing exploratory analysis and publishing it via RPubs. Your final product will be displayed for everyone via ShinyApps and a presentation using R Presentation (also published via RPubs).On a(nother) negative note, the topic of Natural Language Processing is not an easy one to just walk into and feel confident in providing a working next-word prediction algorithm in about eight (8) weeks. You're reading academic journal articles, watching multiple videos from another Coursera course (which actually focuses on the topic of NLP, and takes place over several courses and several months!).Supposedly, there is work going on to update the course, so hopefully future students will get a better experience. I did take a bit away from this course, especially since I made more than one attempt to complete it. However, it was definitely a shock to find myself missing those things that one typically finds in a learning environment -- descriptive background, assistance to problems, etc. -- and seeing that I was for all intents and purposes on my own. Even in the professional world of data analysis, I have never experienced the lack of support that I found in this course.With that, I am giving it three (3) stars. As I said, I did learn a bit, but it was a bit of a struggle that required multiple attempts to complete. This would have been better off as a stand alone topic (which it already is by another Coursera affiliated school), or having a capstone course that builds on a topic more in the wheelhouse of the JHU professors: a capstone project focusing on bioinformatics or biostatistics would have been amazing in comparison to this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hi, the prject was nice and at the end I learned some new things, but it didn't have people to provide any guide. In the videos it was said that personal from SwiftKey will be there as well as JHU teachers could provide some insights. It looked a bit like a phantom courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked every course in this specialization exceptThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most stressful but interesting. Not enough material was providedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be better. The teacher sometimes explain the concepts in a hard way, and not always shows how to do in practice.But you will get curious and in case of doubts, you can find more simple explanations on the web, and the forum is very good.The assignments are hard, you will need do research to accomplish then, but is the best way to learn.I think the specialization is good to someone without much knowledge on the field (like me). But it's only the start!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd review this course for two parts: lectures and programming assignments.Lectures: Prof. Jiawei Han is a pioneer of the subject. However, I was expecting a more indepth elaboration of techniques. In almost all his lectures he covered very crucial topics at a near-shallow level. For someone like me, it was a motivation to be learning the subject from him but I was left disappointed a little bit. I felt if i was just to gain a superficial understanding then I would have browsed through any website/blog/article rather than paying for this course and coming here under his tutelage. I will not expect him to be as thorough as he'd be in his lectures at UIUC (although why not!) but a more elaborative explanation with more notable examples (instead of pointing to the reading material at the end of 4th minute of the lecture) will be more fruitful and a better learning experience.The programming assignments are challenging and will definitely open up the thought process towards being able to imagine what patterns mean and how to go about extracting them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was interesting, but it was too much theory, sometimes a bit borringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should have been more examples and more use case and more applied rather than just a theoretical discussionThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Highly recommended .Wonderful course and good content but a bit slow ..Could have been faster.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is ok, but it gives only high level overview of cloud technologies. I will do the second part, but I will do a free version. I don't think that it's worse this money.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wish there will be some lab assignments, for example doing some real work on AWS.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Consider adding a programming assignment to the course curriculum. Please address content issues in a timely manner. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its very basic stuff , and uses not optimal solutions to coding challenges , which might be okay for basics , for example the spelling check/suggestion project algorithm is probably exponential in time complexity .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course does an OK (but not great) job at teaching Data Structures. And it does an OK (but not great) job at teaching Algorithm Performance/Optimization.The lectures and starter code could use some better integration.The assignments could be improved. They give you a bunch of code and ask you to complete it. This is kinda the way things work when you inherit a bunch of code, but its not how it works if you have to write it from scratch.This course has been taught many times, and the forums contained old posts, and they didn't seem as useful as in other courses I've taken.My main objective for this course was to continue learning Java, and it helped me do that, so I gave it 3 Stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Introductory course to data structures. The lectures are good, however the assignments are too much guided. Sometimes you can get it done without actually understanding what is going on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course, but... paid, I can't submit the taskThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not difficult course but teaches you much about JavaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
HW is a bit boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instruction is vague and boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to very basic stuff. I skipped many videos and found the same information on the internet. If it wasn't part of the specialization I wouldn't pick it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Can be mprovised in terms of course contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
student needs to read a lot out of this course in order to solve the exercises!the course materials are not enough, and they focus more on images, while this entire course for beginners level, it should be fundamental stuff.overall the course is good but needs more changesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Moderator answer in a very short time. I was impressed of that. I think the course should add a video to explain more in details some concept as variables. many of my issues were coming from deep doubts i had about this. maybe explain variables on hardware and variables as pointers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For the eager student maybe some more resources should have been shared. I was hoping to learn some production quality environment basics e.g. the ideal editor, best practices etc.That said- I really liked how the 3 components, css, js and html were stitched together to help understand interactive webpages using js.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
lectures should be more detailed!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Can't be completed without paymentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very neat and organized learning experience. It is not perfect (nothing is), but it is one of the best learning experiences I have ever had.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Cannot participate in graded work unless purchased.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Material is relevant. Most of the assignments require student guesswork, writing functions not covered in the lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very difficult. I recommend only taking it if you have some experience with syntax. Although very challenging, I learned a ton.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
HTML and CSS were well explained and clearly cover. However, some of the JavaScript was glossed over and very difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well put together, however they say you do not need any programming background, but you definitely need a little. I had to use other sources to help such as Codeacademy and Udemy just to keep up. The do not go over loops, conditionals or basic C foundation that would help. The leap from HTML, CSS to JavaScript is massive. They need to relook some of the topics and either more videos or add in some easier teaching methods. I took a similar one on Udemy (that was free) just after I completed this one and it was 10x easier to understand and closed so many loops I had when learning JavaScript.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I will give it a 3* review as I really enjoyed and learned a lot in the HTML and CSS part (first 2 weeks), but the java script is really poorly covered. It is too hard and with no "translations" on what the hell is going on. The Duke University team is good and they obviously know what they are doing, but they need to review this course and make it more simpler... :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned a lot. Still, I wish the explanation were more geared toward beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is fine, but by week 3 and 4, it is already getting very advanced. It is quite impossible to finish within 4 weeksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although you might learn something, this course is not well organized. I wouldn't recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
javascript part is not covered in depthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course, but I'm not sure it's simple enough for beginners - it doesn't teach you all the steps you need to knowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lessons are too compact and some of the videos too long and full of content, so it's hard to process all the information at once.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
HTML/CSS - easyJS - extremely hardThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hard to understand JS part.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overall but the content uses library and other content that make it hard to apply the technologies to the real world, an emphasis on orienting the content to 'from scratch development' would be duly appreciated I think. Nevertheless interesting and well presented over all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Though it is a nice introduction, I would have expect a more syntax learning lessons.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Took this as part of a Java specialization but would not have taken it otherwise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was okay at best. The last two weeks focused too much on image functions and making. While I get that this can be a 'fun and practical' example, it became stale and annoying. It was more stressful than anything else. I really hope the future classes in the Specialization aren't designed in the same way. Variety is not a bad thing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first two weeks the course present a reasonable pace for beginners. The second two weeks, when the Java Script is introduced, the projects suddenly become very hard. It is assumed you understand binary numbers. Coding is introduced without a lot of explanation of Java Script syntax or methods or what actually happens when you write a line of code. The idea of hiding an image within an image is interesting but I do not see that as important for beginners web developers- how is this relevant to building a web site?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it started off as being for beginners but after a while it was rushed and made it extremely difficult for beginners to keep up. Please dont just tell the student to go and write the code for something without giving a hint. Also, there were math mistakes in the course material that are easy to fix.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
thank u so mach for this course it was simple and pretty good for the first 2 weeks i really enjoyed it :) ; but the other two weeks though ... i had a hard time there , if you try to improve it , the js wasn't understandable at all or at least mention in the course info that js background needed !!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well, I think I learnt some things about JavaScript, HTML and CSS. However, the course hasn't been focused on programming with JavaScript to solve real problems. All assignments are based on the creation of images from scratch, the modification of these images and hide messages in an original image. I really don't think these types of assignments can help students to learn Web technology. In fact, I know some professional Web programmers that they don't use javascript to manipulate images but in some cases when it is really necessary. I'd change the way of how the assignments are presented to prove the students' skills. For example, a possible assignment could be the implemention of a counter on a Web page using JavaScript or the creation of a web page with buttons, emerging messages, menus etc. On the web (Googling), there are a lot of codes that allow these funcionalities and could be used and modified by other students to create their own Web page.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Introduced me to some cool ideas, web services and ideas for basic web design but isn't really a beginner course. I've switched over to a similar course from University of London.The lecturers in this course were very stiff and scripted and not overly simplistic in their explanations- something essential to avoid frustrating those of us just starting out. If you want a course that teaches you the basics from the true beginning but doesn't make you feel like you're an idiot for not understanding try Responsive Website Basics from the U of London & Goldsmiths.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is divided into 4 weeks. The first two weeks are about CSS and HTML. I started this course as a beginner and was able to keep up with it for the first two weeks. Week three material isn't explained at all and for a beginner, it is very difficult. I wouldn't recommend this course to a beginner at all. What i did like about the course was that the material is organized but that doesnt help if you dont understand what is being taught. I dropped out of this course at week 3. Good Luck.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its very good for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really frustated with this course. Lacks of explanation on the javascript part. Don´t think is recommended for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All the basics for beginners. Some step by step and some things make you think and research more references. I think that's a great combination.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first week was a bit slow, but things picked up a bit after that. If you have programming experience, this course is not very challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course lost focus in later half and I nowhere I felt learning JS but just using JS as a tool to learn most of Image manipulation techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much short for a vast and challenging topic like digital manufacturing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not to much of interesting, but interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The peer-review assignment is not properly designed. From my own experience, colleagues tend to underestimate other people's projects. In addition, the peer-review had an extra/optional advanced component (analysing criminal patterns for a second city; comparing patterns across two cities), which I carried out but got no extra credit for. The extra work was not even part of the assignment classification -- there should be a bonus question for students who carry out the advanced part of the assignment!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice lectures with lot of good information. AWC setup instruction need to update according new AWC interface.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting subject. Nevertheless the training course material is too theorical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
OK, but obvious for someone who has worked with data science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course deals with Cloud Migration and change management. The technology is treated not as strongly. This okay, but I whish there would be more case studies and practical examples. Sometimes it is more like a course about change management and looses connection to the Cloud topic. However along the course there is valuable information provided.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is very useful, however, the second teacher is not the best...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Probability section could use more practical examples, I found it difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are a number of cryptic instructions that really don't need to be hidden. Simpler instructions would make the course more effective for those who aren't developers in their day-job.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Tutorials was not matching skills to achieve assignments given. Due to that was involved many ad-hoc works which may not the best practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was good, but what disappointed me was that the assignments were more focused on java script and less IoT. Also the lectures were short and fast at times, the instructor would move thru the demos so quick or show pages and not provide a detail description of what we were looking at, making things very confusing. At times for example I would look at the screen he was showing on the services running or docs and I was like where do I find this in BlueMix and what does all these nodes, services, etc.. mean? None of that was explained and if they were it was at a very high level. The assignments were not honest with the time estimates. Not sure about the others but I must have spent countless hours and nights working on these with little guidance or direction which would have saved me countless of wasted hours. The forums were not monitored frequently, and when I got responses they were late as by that time I figured my issues or some of the suggestions offered were cryptic not giving me any hints or letting me know if my approach was in the right direction.Either way, this course is very hard to do while also working on a full time job and travelling. With those aspects I hope that the forums are monitored by the instructors for a quick feedback loop and the lectures are updated to be more detailed. The only way I was able to finish this was because I worked 8+ hours each day and late night, and all weekends trying to make sure I finish by the end deadline (the last thing I wanted was this being monkey on my back for the next few more weeks).The positive is that I learned about BlueMix offerings and lastly I can play around now with the Raspberry Pi and do some real IoT and less Java scripting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course experience was a little bit weird. It's too easy for a dedicated programmer or IT person, but there are some obstacles to a person who are not familiar to the Javascript programming. (And maybe Python programming, too.) The main problem is too small community. I wrote some, but never got any answer. I think it's due to the charging policy of this lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a decent class to get started on programming a Raspberry Pi and hooking it up to a web service. The material was easy to follow and the instructions were precise. With this class, you'll be in a position to create interesting applications using the Raspberry PiThere were two negatives to this class:1) Most of the assignments used the Node Red environment. This is a visual programming tool. Although it's easy to use, I would have preferred programming using a more widely used and more powerful environment.2) The auto grader for the class was not very robust and did a poor job of giving feedback on why things weren't passing. Several times, the assignment would pass in my environment but fail in the auto grader due to (incorrect) assumptions that the auto grader was making about implementation.Overall, this was a worthwhile course but could use some improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A broad collection of different subjects. But only a part of it met my interests.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good lectures and content but the guidance for the assignments are not particularly clear. At times, it feels like grading parameters and questions are just loosely coupled.On a more personal level, I found that the deadline at the end of the same week of the lectures does not allow for a lot of time to ponder and digest the information. I've tried a few other MOOCs; they all granted students the week after the lecture to prepare for the assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A littler redundant when you compare it to the previoud courses.The map part is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course; only limited by the requirement for peers to review the assigned visualization to complete the course. Although I turned my assignment in well-ahead of the due date/time, I had to transfer to the following class because I could not get the required peer reviews (2) prior to the course closing, despite multiple requests in the discussion forum for assistance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is only useful if you have no experience visualizing data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignment for week 2 should have been the last assignment in this sequence and was not clearly explained or taught in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The overall information in this course was very informative and in some aspects rewarding as refreshers as where the mindset is with some population standards. from a technical perspective I am not sure the system is working at 100%.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The data document for assignment is a mess.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the hands-on aspect of this course. I learned more about using Tableau from it that the prior courses in the specialization. I give this 3 of 5 stars for 3 reasons:1) My classmates and I think that the instructor left one video out the course which is necessary to answer one of the quiz questions.2) The instructions for at least 2 of the peer-graded assignments are incomplete. The grading criteria requires features that aren't mentioned in the instructions. As a result you need to alter and resubmit the assignments in order to meet all the grading criteria.3) The instructor repeats himself in the course videos. He's present a summary of the video while displaying a Tableau screenshot and then repeat the same summary while displaying a Presentation slide. I feel that more time should have been spent reviewing the Tableau features and eliminate the repetition of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is ok, and not as good as the marketing class from wartonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just three stars for the topic chosen Grainger, a bit to complicated and sometimes not strait-forwarded tasks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lack of information and clear direction. I could have produced a more cohesive document if all of the deliverables were described from the beginning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It wasn't structured that well, Plus most of had to make a digital marketing report for the first time without even a sample of how industry experts expect to see when they look ata repotThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very helpful, but it's an extremely messy program and needs more work done to it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I've been to college, so I'm not the target audience for this course, but I was curious to see what would be covered and to learn more about colleges today. I felt the course covered mostly simplistic, obvious stuff and left out a lot that many students wonder about.One topic that was covered was the different activities of professors. I wished I'd known more about this when I started college. Of course I knew they did research, but I thought they were primarily there to teach. This is true at some colleges, but at others, the amount and quality of research can determine whether a professor gets to continue working there and reach tenure. So teaching may not be the first priority for some professors. Students may find that chunks of courses are devoted to a professor's research interests, which could enrich or derail the course. This could have been covered in more depth.Other things that could have been covered: why some courses are so large and the function of recitation sections and graduate teaching fellows for those and smaller courses; what a seminar is; the existence of course reviews that can help with selecting classes and professors; how to deal with not getting into a course you really need to take (wait lists, professorial overrides, etc.); when pre-requisite courses are really necessary and when they're just recommended; dropping courses; GRADES (how the college grading system works, what happens when you fail a course, academic probation, earning honors); campus codes of conduct (greater freedom as with class attendance; smoking and drinking rules, harassment policies) and disciplinary actions (disciplinary probation, expulsion); good campus activities for shy students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really appreciate the attempt of the course; what I got is that we should trust good research and that claims need to be proved. The problem though was the approach, in my opinion. I felt that someone was giving me the right answer for everything and I wasn't supposed to think about it all.I would rather focus my attention on the large gap between reality and "scientific" claims. The power of a cost-benefit analysis is enormous and it could be even broader with a personal interpretation and with a high level of awareness.Well done with the aim of the course, just develop the approach impact.p.s the part with the guy that is apparently in Asia is really chaotic and I couldn't follow that amount of short videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To be completely honest, I was expecting more from this course. One big setback is that the course material does not really go into biochemical fundamentals of what is going on, and instead jumps straight into algorithms. This might work for someone with enough background in biology who needs to learn to code. I, on the other side, have already had some exposure to software development and algorithms, but when Pavel mentions gene expression and transcription I have a very vague idea what he is talking about.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good, and i learnt a lot, but it vexed me that in the first lesson they stated you didn't need to read music to get on with the course, but everything from then on seemed to require reading music including an very difficult final test reading some complicated Beethoven apparently! I understand why they did it that way, as they are used to reading music, but music can also be described as actual note names and the theory will be learnt nevertheless, without the massive barrier of having to translate it all from musical notation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
They just throw all the material at you without giving you enough explanations or exercises. This situation gets worse in the last two weeks and you can hardly breathe. It is like, "Okay now we have learned that 1+2=3. Let's talk about calculus."The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty good in overall, but there are a few points that could be improved:- The content is taught in a weird order and the difficulty doesn't increase steadily. For example, week 4 and 5 feel like they have been made separately and about the same subject, but week 5 goes further. The last video of week 5 is interesting, but it seems improvised...- There could be more examples, especially from modern music. John from week 5 uses examples from the Beatles, which is great, but he's the only one. Week 3 has pretty much no examples at all.- Suppplementary material and notes are uneven from week to week. Week 2, 4 and especially 5 have good summaries of the videos and examples, but week 3 almost only has links to wikipedia...- The final exam is VERY difficult. There are some crazy chords and rhythm to analyse and there are advanced questions on points which have been seen very quickly in the videos.I can't really compare since I new some of the content of the class, but I think it's weel made for beginners as well as for intermediate musicians. But you'll probably need to do a bit of research yourself if you want to be ready for the exam.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material itself is good and you do learn a lot but for a course that starts at complete beginner level the final exam is too much of a reach for many. It feels like the course should be at least 50% longer as in that exam you are literally trying to stitch ideas together into educated guesses (i got 80% plus on all of the course work). It needs work to narrow the gap as this is not good learning, it frustrates many and is not helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a little too much for my taste, but I learned a lot cellular biology.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of good parts to the course. Found the ODE examples very useful. Feel like it tailed off at the end in terms of detail and utility. Also, it seemed less adapted to the format than other courses such as Machine Learning by Andrew Ng and Computational Neuroscience by Rajesh Rao.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent course as far as content is concerned. However, the older Coursera format was way more user-friendly. Also the discussion topics were not arranged appropriately as in the previous modules in this specialization. PDFs of assignments would be helpful if posted.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great instructor!The content is basic and with appropriately narrow scope of theory and applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although overall the course is interesting, it is clear that it has not been designed for MOOC format. A clear structure for learning lacks, and some of the lectures seem to be more about the people talking about their own work than trying to convey general concepts in the drug discovery field. I think the course would benefit from more structure in the way the lessons are presented, starting with a more general outline of what a good drug is etcetera. However, there are some interesting concepts I can take along in my further studies, but I am slightly disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
well presented, I would have liked more Information on teaching geoscience thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting topics and detailed insight, but the course could be more systematic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the course very much, it could focus more on teaching metods during the assigments, but still give us a good material, tips and resourses to engage teaching practices.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course for Teachers or those, like me, who want to gain general knowledge. I like the diversity of reading, video content and quizzes and the aspects of geology that were covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very informative and interesting course. However it was mind bogglingly confusing about what was exactly required for the final assignment. Please be clearer next time!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
DEBERIA TENER SUBTITULOS EN ESPAÑOL PARA QUE ASI FUERA DE MAS FACIL ACCESO PARA TODOS.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a medical student I find this course pretty easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you have Oracle installed from previous classes, there is very little setup required. If not, give yourself ample time to install/configure it. Assignments take MUCH longer than the quoted 30 minutes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, would be nice to have more exercises and more elaborated, but fair enough!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good, but I think should it be split in two parts because of density of material presented.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has a good content. I wish there was an active participation by the mentors on the discussion forum.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was disappointed by the lack of response from teachers to the consultationsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good introductory course. It can be included an application project to practice the concepts learned, in order to improve this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An useful and amusing intro to ArduinoThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Poor delivery, very hard to listen. Lector uses too many buzz words like "em", "am". This is not a live lecture so it could be worth practicing and recording a clean quality speech. For example, lectures from the week 2 are unbearable to listen.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is too simplified to get a real view of the 90's economic situation , especially the 91-93 years.To talk about transition between A and C , better to talk about A and not only about B and C.It is an useful course for general knowledge of Russia , it as a start , for more accurate analyses I could advise this ( in russian) :https://openuni.io/course/2/and thathttps://openuni.io/course/3/The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i liked a lot but im still to learningThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is just AMAZING! I am a composer and I found myself astonished of how much I was lacking, yet, the quizzes translations, man, are so bad, must of the time those where "Straight trough" translations that are complete meaningless on Spanish, it's like they simply used Google translate. You might think "it is not THAT bad", well there are sections that ask you to determine stability based on the length of the line... good luck with that (Spanish usually takes more words to write the same idea)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting and useful to a degree, but I was looking for something a little more challenging. In addition, the quizzes were far too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i think i need more time to finish this curseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I find the videos are overly formal and traditional in their rhetorical style. But the course' main contents and Practices are still relevant.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I cannot say much about the content, as I`m not a native speaker and can`t really decide about the quality of the language used.I really appreciate that we have the possibility to join online-classes but this courses made me have mixed feelings.1) I missed a proper Introduction - even tho Week 1 had a brief Introduction, I felt from the beginning like I was thrown in thr middle of a class starting somehwere2) The animated clips are quite nice, but the power point presentations were really old-fashioned. I think it might look more professional if there`d be a modern design as well.3) The teachers are quite difficult to rate. But I actually felt like in point one, even tho I was listening and understand what they were talking about, I didn`t felt related to any certain situation or example. Again, I felt like joining a class in the middle of the course.4) Writing some words big, some words small. In Titles/Headlines I understand that, but why do they write words like "Negative or Highly Sensitive" big within a text or in another text "negative or highly sensitive" ? There are no things like nouns in english most of the times, so why? That doesn`t look really professional to me.5) Lessons mentioned that didn`t seem to happen, like in week 2 or week 3 they referred to a previous lesson which never happend?6) Paying for the Quiz. I understand I joined the free audit and I`m really thankful to have access to all the material. But reviewing a quiz without paying would be useful even for people who don`t pay. As I`d love to know which things I did correct or which words I could use instead.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The ideas presented in the course are interesting, relevant, and impactful. I wish the course was a little less conversational; however, I thought it was valuable and sparked new ideas, thoughts, and behaviors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instructors took to long to get to the point half-way through the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs to be updated. Also correct some errors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Broken links for texts, typos, not updated data. I would like to find a course on global energy that I could start any day, like this one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is very interesting and relevant; however very quickly outdated in this area. There are a few mistakes here and there in the lectures and the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Information needs be updated especially with the changes just made in France 2015. It was a little slow and quizzes were often frustrating due to questions and answers not matching up, or info was not given in the lecture. Overall, since it was 101 and basic, I enjoyed learning the new information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In all it's a good course to know some basics, but the data and some of the informations are out of date. It seems most datas are from late 2012 early 2013, things have changed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good info, but a bit outdated and dull.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teaches a lot of the basics but all the numbers are outdated (from 2013)there is minimal use of this being a video course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction, QSTK not an optimal tool and many of the things were a tad too general. Technical analysis as a whole is a bit sketchy subject but this course gives a good intro to it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is not up to date. The course software tools updated 3 years ago, and the second part of the course does not cover in the same depth the topics it aims to cover.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to Pandas. Interesting information, but not that information dense compared to other courses. Musical intros and outros on videos waste too much time. Too many "ums" and "ahs". Later assignments can be hard to get exactly right due to bugs in QSTK and also uncertainty around event counts. Would have liked to be able to discuss work-in-progress code more, but understand that it's tough to manage cheating in an online course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
interesting topic, but teaching is not so attractive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Listening to Tucker Balch talk is a pain. He keeps repeating himself... Not much content in the latter half of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the data that gets pulled in from the QSTK package is missing for the exercises. It takes a bit of work around to get to the final data set.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The scoring of the Peer Review, was not really measurable of your effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content and GREAT assignments. Main problem is that the lecture videos are unscripted and could easily be made more concise. The other thing that worried me was that most of the assignments that I peer reviewed had missed large parts of the question. I would rather have my work marked by people who have read the question properly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course will be a good revision if you have known the models before taking it. But if you are new to the models, you may not really understand them. This course tells you which models to use and how to implement, but does not tell you the rationale behind (maybe the theories are too difficult).The teaching staff are really helpful and answer every question you raise in the discussion forum.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the terminology doesn't seem congruent with what we use in North AmericaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course it's great , however in my opinion it's too theoretical with few practical examples.If you're confortable with matrices and mathematics this course will provide you with very interesting tools and demostrations.I don't think that the course is for casual students, as it's very specific.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it's fine, not technical but okThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher seems to mainly read the slides and the tone is quite scholastic, not a lot or engagement. Indeed the course gives some info on the social background of doping, on how it is fought and it is adopted. Worth it if you have a strong interest in sports.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material covered in the course is adequate and relevant to various aspects to our social lives. The course's purpose is to get you acquainted with the broad field of emotion study, to pique curiosity and fuel further research and deep dives into the multiple topics that are presented. It does this very well by offering lots of references to research papers, articles and videos. The course doesn't aim to dig deep into its topics. This remains as your task depending on your interests. As a final note, and this is critique I've already submitted, the presenter doesn't add too much to the slides in the videos. He basically reiterates what is written on the slides and doesn't expand on it much or at all. You're basically given links and references to what to learn by yourself. Hopefully this will change in future reiterations of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecturer and his avatar are funny, the course content is structured but the delivery is a bit loose...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a fairly good course, the professor is funny and the slideshow itself is well made, but the content sometimes got boring and my mind stepped away from the course, something that did not happen even with other more difficult courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It wood be interesting, but unfortunatly Prof. Vallverdú's English is quite hard to understand. The scripts are therfore nearly unreadable. What a pity!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A useful overview, but I think this course tries to be too many things all at once. It would have been better to break the philosophy, the ethics, and the science of emotions into separate courses. There is a lot of confusion and oversimplification in the considerations of consciousness and self awareness, and the implications of those things for emotions in humans, that would I think have had a better treatment, if the prof had pruned out some of the other stuff (perhaps ethics, or artificial intelligence, for example).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not enough content - would have preferred more examples/scenarios that included conflict resolution solutionsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't feel like I learned much. Some of the problems I've experience would take more than just trying to find common interest and compromise.A lot of conflicts arise from personal agenda and gain and that's very difficult to deal with.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was anything innovating in the course and the intro of each lesson was extremely loud.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish there were another conflict specialization on Coursera to choose from.. one that is more modern, up to date, interesting, engaging, less patronizing .. etc. but there isn't. So I guess we're all stuck with this one. Need I say more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, basic information on conflict resolution. Interviews were very valuable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simple and easy to followThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Should have been a complete course. The course did not give specific tools to conflict resolution rather information about the subject was disseminatedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very simplistic and more targeted to a new manager or a student who has never taken a conflict resolution course. I only found the interviews with Karen and Joseph to be of interest. The instructor's teaching style is too monotone - I didn't get a sense of her real world experience coming through. No sense of her brand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This a basic course and covers the Collaborative style in some depth. The case studies are the clinchers. I would have loved to have more on the other styles as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall it was good. However, the content delivery could have been better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good and straightforward content but with so very little written excercises and thus very little room for lecturer feedback - I would not pay an additional 100$ just to get rated like that (I might consider it if the price included the mentioned books though). Still - I find it a very well designed, concise course. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed the presenter who was engaging and interesting. I didn't enjoy the podcasts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, but could have been a little more demanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good; but not the best. In some videos, the instructor was hard to understand and I had to turn on closed captions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very nice course. It is a pity that the legal framework is almost exclusively focused on the US.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very interesting course and a good introduction to the topic. Would be beneficial if one could gain official credits or points towards an online degree with an expanded/more in-depth course volume.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most of the lectures were very short. I would have preferred more in depth discussion of the topicsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A example of the Capstone quiz, could made this course best. I suggest to give example of a business idea analysis and also lecture on it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures made by the professor were really helpful and provided many insights into policy making within the EU. However, some tasks such as filling air pollution standards were not that insightful. Also, unsynchronized subtitles were a bit annoying same for the poor sound from invited professors in air pollution videos of chapters 4 and 5.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The View on Mobile app and Desktop is so different. When I posted week two work an old website I'd built populated. I didn't have time to even notice it. It did not meet assignment rubric. And once my classmates reviewed it and moved on I was forced to switch sessions because "nobody" was left to grade any resubmissions. That should have been visible in the mobile app. For a week I kept searching for the "problem" and the mobile app said all complete, the desktop assignment tab finally revealed my issue.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The basics covered in this course were useful, however there was minimal interaction with instructors. There was also limited ability to work with the course components, such as lecture transcripts. It woud be a great course if it were a little more accessible.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the content was informational, the presenters were uninteresting and made watching the videos hard to do.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content was pretty detailed. I did not like that I had to write down pretty much every single word from each slide and that was said in order to make sure I could answer the quiz questions. Either the quiz questions were bad or it was taught in a confusing manner. I would go with the former.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is an interesting course, as a first contact with epidemiology and public healthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed hearing about epidemiology, but didn't find the quizzes very useful. I was expecting more practice doing computation or examining case studies. The lectures also had no time in between slides to pause, write notes, and make sure I understood what was just said. I liked that the lectures were well organized and the review questions in between the topics of discussion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good enough for a free course offering very basic understanding of the topic. Lots of video errors, and sometimes the lecturer's speech isn't very smooth. Tests are poorly worded sometimes in ways that contradict the language used in the lectures, making them difficult to pass even with notes. I wouldn't pay for the certificate - if I were an employer I would not recognize this course as teaching any sort of proficiency.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fun introduction (I have no background at all in Epidemiology or related fields). However, the material is quite basic, and therefore not very challenging. Still worth the time if you want to get a good idea of what epidemiology is.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good basic intro into the statistical methods of epidemiology. Quite basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
there are some fatal problems in its OJ systemThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for a basic level but I expected more in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I loved everything about the course content, but peer assessment is a TERRIBLE idea.For one submission I could get both the highest and the lowest grade, without any feedback. Any internet troll could have taken the course and graded participants with the lowest grades possible. Not fun.I have passed the course (89%), but I won't even try another peer assessment based course.It's such an irony that (aspiring) teachers were not able to assess someone else's work properly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are new to teaching ESL, this is probably not a good course. I found the homework used topics that a beginner would not be familiar with. I did like how they used various links to supplement the course (ie a chapter from a interesting text book) to help illustrate points in topics. I may retake the course after I have a foundation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very basic. No additional reading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Presentation is good. Concepts explained in a simple and clear manner. Missing interactivity which is very important to retain the understanding of the concepts explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, this was good study for learning basic functions in Excel. However, the tutorials and practice quizzes do not adequately prepare you for the actual graded Quiz at the end of each week that counts toward your final grade. You will definitely have to be either a quick study, who can pull a lot of inference and practical application out of minimal technical guidance, or know how to Google the steps that were glossed over in the videos or for which no practice question was provided. Also, side note, if you have a Mac, you will be somewhat flustered at times, and you will also need an add-on app for the Histogram portion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Several of the lecturers are unusually monotonous and do not express excitement about the subject matter.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Definitely recommended for people who have no clue about European law whatsoever. Its informative but partly the course fails to set the right priorities. For example: IMHO it makes little sense to ask for numbers of paragraphs in the quizzes - its not only a waste of time to learn them by heart but also it hinders the participants to show their understanding of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall good course. Clean and elegant style of presentation. Some videos had some echo problems with the sound. Also there were some english typos in some slides and in video quizzes that should be corrected. I would like to seen the slides for the presentations. Also if this is going to be a series of courses wouldn't it make sense to bundle it in a specialization?Nonetheless, congratulations and thank you for presenting this course in Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
First two weeks are too repetitive with other coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is good in general but "HIERACHICAL CLUSTERING" part is hard to understand and is not clear, should be explained more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first two weeks were good. The third was a bit confusing and the 4th one just felt like padding. A more in depth study of ggplot would probably be more beneficial as I felt like we were only scratching the surface with itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice introduction to the three plotting systems in R. The second part is devoted to clustering, but it is not detailed enough to be really useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is quite good and informative in the first two weeks covering a lot of information and a lot of exercises.Week 3 is very unrelated and hard the videos and exercises are bad, and I had to do this part by myself again.Also when we get to the final course project doesn't cover any of these techniques.In my opinion, week 3 should be replaced with something more related to plotting systems and distributions, also one project would be enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish there several comprehensive examples of exploring some real data as guided by the course instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course feels somewhat abandoned by instructors. Content is okay, but can't help the feeling that it's basically a cash cow - students would benefit a lot if instructors were move involved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course covers very limited subset of plots and mostly oriented to R-specific technical routines rather than overall approaches. Case-study example is helpful and contrary to the most comments I do appreciate the final course project: this how most problems are stated in real life. If you would like to cover more fundamental concepts behind exploratory analysis I would recommend other sources.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good class - links and slides have not been updated recently. Frustrating to finish without the exact linkts to the data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but the SWIRL exercises (and a few quiz questions) needed to be updated for the latest version of ggplot2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of broken swirl(), which wouldn't be so bad except *a lot* of this course is based entirely on swirl(). Also the swirl() text was almost verbatim of the lectures one has just watched.All in all, good information, but the swirl() badly needs an update.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It misses an assignment which will allow to practice the clustering skills.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting stuff, but not a lot of detailThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content applies to R. The teachers focused on the programming language rather than the application of the existing graphs to explore data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course overall. There tends to be many lectures that are just lists of commands. Also, they don't seem to be updating the material. Many lectures are several years old and still have typos in them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent overview of plotting and clustering. However, there were a few bits that were required for good completion of the projects that weren't covered in detail. Overall an excellent course and specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Insights delivered by the course were great. However, I think it emphasizes too much the lattice and basic plot systems to the point it is redundant with functionality on ggplot. It should focus more on concepts and techniques for delivering richer and meaningful graphics using ggplot rather than talking that much about technicalities on the basic plot and lattice systems.Assignments were too basic and don't reflect all the concepts learned in the lessons e.g. clustering, which I think are of great interest for researchers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course materials.Found it difficult to form groups of students and meet up for the activity cases.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of information, but could be presented in a more learner-friendly manner. Not a lot of information for someone who wishes to learn about organic/holistic dairy management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, teaches how are actually big dairy enterprises, in a country with unlimited resources, it`s not usefull in develeping countries, and doesn`t teach how to understand the way to start a business and the differences in small, medium, big and gigantic business in diary production. Aren`t there any small diary farm en USA ? It`s not feaseble to start a small diary business in USA? How different in costs and profit are diary in different countries?, How USA government helps diary business in USA? Thanks for your teaching and Sharing your experiences.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course to start with the basics of photography. Group assessments can be hit or miss given varied experiences of other students, but overall a good place to startThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course covered the material thoroughly, but the presentation could be improved: 1. the examples, charts and other helpful aside additions could be left on screen during the relevant discussion. I often had to pause and go back to study the material that was only briefly displayed. 2. Using the screen for just a video of the lecturer speaking seems a waste of the many video techniques that could be included, with the lecturer in a small window at the side. 3. Although the lecturers tried not to favor one brand over another, at times it seemed like we were watching an infomercial. Maybe this can't be helped, as all the camera's features, and their accessories, were described in detail. I for one have a camera that I want to learn to use more professionally. Purchase suggestions could be moved to an addendum. In my opinion it should not be in the body of the course material.I am finding a lot of good information in the course, and am continuing with the second section.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is helpful in learning to use the camera and understand terminology, but it is somewhat, if not totally, a false representation of interaction with the experts. There is absolutely none.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic content, not that helpful - states what to pay attention to, but scarcely "how to". Also is very static, uses very little illustrations / animations / visuals, which is a shame for a photography course...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is good and I feel it would be beneficial for beginners or those who want to top up their technical / academic knowledge on the subject.I found the terrible editing of the lectures distracting though, and it felt like no one bothered to over-see the final version that was published. I also don't think the fact that one has to pay so much to access the assessments, which many other courses don't do at all, is conducive to creating a strong engagement in the course. I wouldn't for example be encouraged to take another course from this series (not sure if one is offered).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course contents are not very well organized.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not really possible to give a higher rating.at the moment too many problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course would be great if only everybody could fully participate. As I cannot pass quizzes and submit assignments not having purchased it, I have less motivation to carry on :(The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros:Good concepts. Peter Glanding is a very good teacher.Cons: Too short and concepts explained too quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were some technical challenges that made this course not as fun. The content was good. If you make the assignments easier to submit (for example: provide a box to write a statement as opposed to uploading one) it will remove frustration and increase enjoyment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was quite confusing with unlocking next weeks work, and the filming of the videos were poor. Eventhough everything was understandableThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content, although very basic, is interesting, and some of the teacher's insights do stimulate discussion, but the video quality is low, with non matching slides, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course could have delved in more depth in the respective subject. What was presented was good but I felt that more could have been presented.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very interesting. It touched upon all currently employed techniques in good detail. The lab-based videos were the most interesting. However, the lectures were too long. It would be a brilliant course if the lectures were cut short and made to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a course made in 2014The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thanks so much for a solid course that covers all the main pillars for understanding the structure and philosophy of the Union. Particularly important in those time of crises in which, the raise of populism and far right political agenda is being used as a tool to assign responsibility to the EU to failures at national level. Lack of transparency and accountability in addition to a lack of leadership is the real responsible of this crisis of credibility.Is for this reason that its essential to educate people around the meaning of the EU and this course fully achieves this goal. Only one point to take it into account that is regarding the feedback from peers. In my case were not quite useful, without almost no analysis and without understanding the meaning of the assignment in itself. It´d be good to further consider this aspect and/or see other alternatives like the intervention of the facilitator.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is structured in an efficient way. However, it does not offer an unbiased opinion about EU as can be seen from the title of the course. There are many things that can be improved in EU and a more critical approach would be a lot more helpful. Overall, this course has an above average quality with an acceptable level of engagement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general, the instructors seem to think it's a better learning experience to give the bare minimum in R, then have the student 'hack' their way to the answer using online forums, etc. While I get the motivation, I think it'd be better to give a more experiential learning platform - more swirl type exercises but deeper - to guide the student to the most efficient path to competency.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To get value from the class, I used other on-line materials to understand the topic. Thus, I spent about 20 hours/week on this class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
brought up some good concept inside, like "tidy data", but not in detail, how to grab data from different source shouldn't be difficult. should have more focus on talking about data.table, "tidy data" principles etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have preferred if there were programming assignments that incorporated reading from data sources on the web.For those planning to take the course, note the following:*The course covers reading data from a myriad of sources, but largely in passing superficial detail. These sources include XML files, mySQL databases, HDF5 files, csv files, txt files with various formats (for example fixed-with files), JSON objects, and web API.However, the course project only involves reading data from several txt files and combining them into a single R dataset.Course topic order: In the first two weeks of the course, a lot of information is glossed over in passing- this information involves reading from the various file formats mentioned above. Week 3 involves subsetting, sorting, reshaping and merging data. Some of this may be review for you if you've taken the R programming course or the "R Programming Environment" course in the "Mastering Software Development in R" specialization. Week 4 involves string manipulation, regular expressions and working with the Dates. A lot of this is covered in Roger Peng's ebooks "R Programming for Data Science" and "Mastering Software Development in R" (both are freely available- google them).Assessments: The only assessments in the course are 4 quizzes- each of which involves about 5 short programming exercises- and a final project which only involves topics from weeks 3 and 4 (specifically- subsetting data, sorting data, reshaping data, and working with regular expressions). So you can do the course project without understanding anything covered in weeks 1 and 2 of the course.Mentor David Hood is fantastic for providing valuable resources to aid you with each assessment and so is Xing Su for providing a complete set of course notes. USE THE DISCUSSION FORUMS IF YOU GET STUCK!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Materials (video and written) only partially prepare the student for the quizzes and course projects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures add very little to what you get simply by looking at the slides on your own. Facilitators are expert biostatisticians, not R programmers, and sometimes their explanations of R functionality is superficial and imprecise. The assignments are rigorous and challenging, however, and if you take the time to go through all of the exercises you will gain valuable knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course isn't that hard but there is a lot of content to assimilate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
decent enough but this is a heavy subject and really it is not that interesting although clearly necessary. I feel maybe it could have been organized better to make it more interesting Also reading some of Haldey wickhams book he deliberately keeps this part of Data Science away from new learners as it can be a bit dreary, so my recommendation would be to do some of the other courses first.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provides a lot of methods and strategies about reading data, manipulating data. But I think some important issues in the real world are not discussed enough here, like how to treat missing values, how to deal with messy format data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is too simple, should be more extensive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The best course so far (though that's not saying much). This course would be better as a follow up to an example workflow showing an end to end analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course. but some concepts are hard to understand for newbies. so felt it was a bit advanced in parts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very usefull but can be technical and discouragingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Contents in first half weeks are very superficial, have low depth so that do not help me do some meaningful studies. But later ones are good for understanding the structure of data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not well explained.... Previous module was better structured.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Topics were OK but the focus on R and no other tools is frustratingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is good, but it seems abandoned - some links are outdated or don't work. I think it would be a much better experience for students if these first courses in the specialization got more love from the instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked it, but I had the impression it wasn't as prepared as the other courses. Especially with the course assignment I had a bit trouble to understand, what was wanted.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Peer reviewed assessment with students who are unsure of the correct answers = unsure if solution is correct. Perhaps a formal process (same as previous course where a SHA commit is submitted and source is automatically downloaded (and plagiarism detected) & run to verify the output that columns / data meet an acceptable criteriaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
less hands-on exercises and this course covers too much topics without details. More like general intro to each tool and data sources. Swirl is still a great package for practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is of lower quality than the preceding courses. The final assignment instructions are not clear. The forums helped but I have the impression that they are not really followed by the mentors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The evaluation part of the course needs some fixing. Otherwise, very good course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were a lot of good nuggets in here, but overall this course felt somewhat disjointed compared to the others. It would be nice to have more practice with some of the different formats (e.g., JSON) and for exercises to loop back to some of the early content. I did like that the final exercise required a fair amount of investigation into understanding the documentation and relationship between the files before undertaking to code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Toughest class in the offering. There really could've been 2 classes for cleaning data. I struggled with the lecturer's style (spoke too fast).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is too general, with too brief introduction of some commands in the lecture notes(slides), I don't think it would be very helpful for the students to deal with some real complicated problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hi all,Course provides interesting insight to getting and cleaning data. However, the course misses practical examples (not only showing the code in the slides, but also presenting how it works in R or RStudio).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very nicely made course providing a good hands on with R language. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes is hard to followThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materiel covered in the course was great, but more assignments instead of quizzes should be added.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In some weeks only about an hour of input where several topics have already been covered in R Programming. That's very little value for money.The final course project again feels like it's done in a rush and without another review: The submitted dataset should be automatically checked. It's simply impossible to derive from it whether the student did everything right, but it could be easily done programmatically. Some of the questions have wording and grammar issues that make it hard to understand. Also there is slightly contradicting instructions between the task and review description.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good, but it doesn't really offer all the tools required to pass the exams. I had to take extra courses in other place in order to pass. In addition, the exams some times become a bit too subjective of what the classmates want to grade you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecture material was high level, and didn't seem to be a good preparation for the quizzes.The description for the final project was not very detailed, and the grading rubric likewise was not very specific for peer review.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The selection of topics is great. However, the course is too abstract. I think some of the materials deserve to be discussed more comprehensively.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content in this course is essential, but the delivery is patchy and the course project is hard to complete with just the learning materials provided. Read around the course and visit the data science specialisation wiki for extra information, and work through it at your own pace, rather than that suggested by the course. It's much easier to do this now it's on the new Coursera platform :o)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is not a beginner's course, so a decent grasp of the R language is necessary. It is best to take this course after some stints with Data Camp, Swirl, or Code School.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Awesome course! Intensive learning. I recommend a few studies of astronomy before take it.There are some issues with the feedback of others proffesorsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the teacher is boring. other then that its an ok class. need to explain things more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of his information was useful. It's pretty basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Course and Professor very clear. But a lot of content (40%) is for USA.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a lack of supervision by the instructor. Some questions are too simple and basic, and don't really prompt much of any reflection upon the course material presented. I feel like participation in the forum posts was also weak. All in all, it was a good class for basic financial knowledge (e.g. financial terms, different investment vehicles, etc.)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The capstone project was too simple and not sufficiently challengingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The app is neat but too short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very poorly constructed with links in the final exam that didn't work so I couldn't finish the exam. Then I was graded after only finishing 4/5 of the exam. I managed to get everything straightened out but it took some effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fun. Challenging with gamification.Maybe it's a little short.I was expecting to put in a lot of work in this capstone maybe because I was expecting a more thorough, longer analysis challenge.So a recommendation is:In the same style, create more weeks where the challenges will increase.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too short, too easy, and did not result in a project that I can show potential employers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Recommend the Introduction to Financial Accounting Course from UPenn, which is more informative and more engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
language accent difficult to fallowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good, but need to pay to attend testThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for learning how to calculate ratios and NPV. The course material doesn't explain the interpretation oThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignment is only allowed for students who purchased the course. I don't think this is a way to encourage learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just for fresh beginner in this topicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very targeted toward managers. Would like some info from the perspective of non-managers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful but a little bit fluffy (but i guess so is the topic).The material is good, the presentation (the speaker) is awesome: clear spoken and at a good pace.i found the questions in the quiz to be a bit vague.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Average course, some cool case studies, but overall not amazing and not many business modelsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course but slow, each video was quite long with the same concept repeated few times.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hello, I'm Giuliano from Milan - Italy. This is my first course online. I've got a food-pr Agency. www.GIROIDEA.it – I believe in continuing education. I deal with communication and I provide strategies to entrepreneurs who want to create new business. The fund of F & B is very interesting and long follow it with interest. I take care of the business of two eCommerce sites that sell wine and Parmesan cheese.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to follow and understand.Actually interesting..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Adequate course for non-professionals in finance, although I thought they were going to explain many more themes.. to short for my expectations and excesive for the price.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic overview of the topic. Did not meet my expectations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Volume too low.... need more concrete examples.Thank you for your effort though. I learned from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good for getting an overall idea of the main topics of finance but not on getting a deep understanding on themThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I've missed at least one practical exercises on each module.Overall is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a bit confusing to understand the topics and try to learn them by heart.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gives a brief but concise overview of Finance. It would have been better if some more concepts and case studies had been incorporated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it was very simple , but i expected more contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quick and easy. But I would have liked more examples. For instance, how NPV and IRR actually works on Excel. Luckily, I have some prior knowledge of the subject, but sometimes it was not so clear for a complete beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic stuff.Good choice of subjects.A little too short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a bad overview but overall far too shallow to be of significant worth on its own.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very quick overview of finance. Good review of fundamentals but not a lot of depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course to introduce the novice to financial terms used in common place.But in my opinion, the instructor could have a gone a bit further, explaining about Markets, Stocks, Bonds etc.Types of transactions involved.Maybe its expecting too much, but still, just a suggestionThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A clear, if fairly basic, introduction. The lack of discussion forums makes it a fairly sterile experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to Finance and Accounting concepts for those with no background in either field, even as students. I liked the valuation module the most!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very useful for someone with only basic finance knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The presenter is good and knowledgeable, but the information is barely skimmed over and there isn't any real opportunity to learn. A few worked examples might be goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simple and fast.Try to put more difficulty on the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A solid overview of accounting and finance for the non-financial professional. I have 0 finance and accounting experience, so I valued how broad this course was and I imagine it's a good primer for more in-depth courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm still not completed the full course but i can say it's good course and very awesome InstructorThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content for a short duration course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very very simple. Recommended if you need a fast and simple introduction to finance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It could be more elaborated. In the 3rd week, there was more equations and hurry to complete the topic, i think. But all in all good. It gives you a brief idea of finance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thanks a lot!Financing is really large field! But it is a little too cramming for me...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was quick and simple. I enjoyed the definitions and monetary examples. I would have more quizzes and harder questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The title created too many expectationsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To simple with little examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An excellent course as a short overview or as an introduction to a specialization.Seemed to touch on neurology and evolution more than genetics. Didn't get into the mechanics of genetics or molecular biology as much as I had hoped. Read Genetics for Dummies and reviewed my old textbooks to refresh on topics I found interesting and this was a nice course to accompany that endeavor. I really enjoyed the short segment near the end that delved into the field of biotechnology.Thank you so much for providing this as a self-paced class, I really enjoyed taking it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Large topic and well presented. Due to volume could perhaps be divided into smaller, more comprehensive,The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of bias on evolutionary theories.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course a bit hard to understand at times the information can get confusing but the it is there wish they would add printable bulletins at the end so make information readable just for extra help with the understanding of the materialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was pretty good. Maybe concepts were illustrated too general and briefly (not in details) but maybe this course is just a warm up for people who are not specialists in those fields. Nevertheless it was quite fun to listen the lectures and that's why course went pretty fast. I only regret that there's no free Statements of Accomplishment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course gives you a general overview over nutrition. It is a good start for those who want to have an healthier diet. Personally I already knew most of the information provided and I am a bit further into the 'eating healthy' process. The course is well done anyway and worth a look.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel like it was rather short and not too detailedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I actually enjoyed this class very much, but it doesn't go very deep in the topic. The questions to the quiz are very easy to answer to. In my opinion, this class is great for a general public, but it is not an university level course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course had a lot of valuable information but in the quizzes it was only the most basic questions asked. And I would have liked more practice quizzes. Over all a good course though!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very nice warming session that stirs awareness into food, nutrition and health.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too superficial, basic and short vs my expectations. It might be because high expectations or another target audience for the course, but full course content could be fit to the first week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic course for American non-healthy food consumers. Would never call it a university course. Not useful for professionals.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is all information I already have in my arsenal after researching health trends and learning more about how I should eat. I was hoping for something a little more detailed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should focus more in health professionalsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Incredibly basic- more for the average person rather than a student or professional, but it seems as though that is who the material is directed at- so not a great course if you are a professional looking to increase your knowledge, but great usable information that the average person can easily apply.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provided me with some vital knowledge about health and nutrition, however, I consider it to be very short and rather shallow. The issues would require more coverage, than, with some weeks, 15 minutes for the whole week. Another issue is the tests. 50 % margin for passing the exam seems too easy. The videos have great graphics and the issues are well explained. Overaly 3/4 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the course but quite frankly, it was very basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a very high volume of material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a bit too basic, I expected to get deeper information about healthy eating than this course suggests. Thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really basic info that most foodies will already know. I liked the cooking demos but I am vegan, gluten-free and eat mostly organic already.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topics discussed into this course are really interesting. The videos give some perspective at the time of taking care of our own health and eating habits.The only problem I see, is the shortness of the course and the videos. The topics don't go beyond the surface and there is a lack of: details, examples, and comparisons between healthy diets and harmful ones.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Short and concise. The course strongly aims for USA residents who eat too much. If you are that person, this course is perfect. As someone from another country without health problems, there was not much here. I was hoping to learn more about food and how to optimize my diet so as to increase energy, improve mood, increase life-expectancy, and reduce chances for depression. I found nothing about that. But it's not so bad because the course took me less than 3 hours and I still picked up a few things :).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Starts off informative and then becomes very basic. It felt like it was more for informing families struggling with nutrition than for informative education on health and food.The interview with Michael Pollan that was woven in to each lesson were the main reason to finish the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course should be longer and more in depth. However, I did find the readings quite useful and intriguing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good stuff, but a bit preachyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for general knowledge about healthy diThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content but extremely basicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected little more in terms of how to structure food habits and dietsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, but not so much new things to know when you've already learned about healthy food. It's ok.It's quite hard because of the english language. :(The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Super interesting, but it is a very basic introduction to nutrition. Only the first or second lessons have information about nutrients and how they are different from each other. The other sections you could've gotten from a Michael Pollan book, or one of his documentaries. Nevertheless, very engaging, visually and verbally, and ideal for someone who is getting started on nutrition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was hoping for something a little more scientific and a little less home-ec-y.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a very baseline introduction and basically a summary of Pollan's books and ideology. The positive is that is was very accessible in time and presentation however provides little insight to insThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good overall conversation about foodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hate the music. And that permanent fake smile and constant nodding. Those are cheap brainwashing techniques which target human cognitive abilities and subconscious to make their words sound more deep and convincing.You often can see such brainwashing tricks in commercials and advertisements which try to elevate some concept or idea but lack any information or facts to back it up. And it is very weird to see same tricks used in this set of lectures, because these ones actually do have a lot of facts and information and arguments behind them.The whole course is basically just blaberring about vegetables. Almost no new or useful information for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In the beginning it feels like a course, but from week three on it feels more like a conversation about food. It is more suitable for people with very little background n food science and nutrition, aiming to get some knowl on these fields. But the views are quite one sided and necessarily true when it comes to the understanding of the food chain. Of course, many of their opinions are valid, but I wouldn´t accept those views as solid rock statements because they are not.In any case, I recomend the course for people with obesity problems and those who are too lazy to think about the importance of home cooking.The quality of the videos is outstanding! Congratulations!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good "basics" course. Great for beginners and reminders!I was hoping for something more advanced & was a bit disappointed. I am probably more knowledgeable than most however. The statement made regarding "eating fruits & veggies regardless of whether they have pesticides or not" was a bit tough for me as I became ill in part due to pesticides and still am. I might always be. I understand eating veggies in place of other foods (i. e. - processed foods) as I eat very little meat anymore. But coming from Stanford and someone as educated as he is, that was shocking. It makes me wonder who funded this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was filled with a lot of interesting, pertinent information but I did feel that there was not enough variety in terms of interviews and I do wish that she had delved more into some of the topics. I understand it was an overview but I often felt that it was very brief.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was well presented but a little light on, I was hoping for a bit more "meat" to it. But interesting none the less, & a fascinating insight into how few people apparently cook their own food.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Beautifully executed and fun to hear Michael Pollen speak, but sooooo easy. Too easy, really.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a tad simplistic - grades should be locked tooThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
extremely short & easy - fun-ducation. Not hugely informative for someone who's looking to learn about the links between what we eat and how we eat, and how human bodies respond. But the instructor is very charming, so it was a pleasant experience. The whole course can be completed in 1-2 hoursThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Way too easy.. I was expecting more information in nutritional science.Still there's some useful tips for us to choose good food and improve our healthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting and well presented information. I wished the course had been more interactive and had spent more time on the chemistry of nutrition. Also the lectures and quizzes could have been longer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was hoping for something a little more technical. This course might be good for someone who has no previous knowledge of the nutrition content of food or how to cook. It would be perfect for kids getting ready to head off to college who've never cooked for themselves.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you have some basic knowledge about food and nutrition, then this course is not the right for you. It's very basic and sometimes trivial. But the lecturer and course itself was really nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This seems like a good overview for those new to the kitchen, and/or health concerns more generally. For someone interested in deepening their understanding, it's of more limited value--but it is presented as an introduction. I wish there were readings to supplement the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, I found this course to be a good refresher given my prior knowledge / skill base. I could see this course being very good for absolute beginners with little to no knowledge of nutritional concepts or cooking. I personally was looking for more advanced / in-depth information about nutritional science in order to better equip me to be a knowledgeable resource for my clients (with whom I primarily work around health / wellness related issues). Additionally, the cooking ideas / concepts were all practices that I already utilize in my own kitchen / feeding my own family. One section that I did find incredibly helpful was the discussion about the different types of fats.As it stands, I would definitely recommend this course to a client, friend, or family member starting out at a beginner's level (like my fiance) or anyone who needs a refresher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To me , you were preaching to the choir. I have been trying to follow Pollan's ideas for years. I was hoping for new information, but for me it was a rehash of stuff I have heard ad infinite. this did not seem like a class. This seemed more like an advertisement for healthy eating with it constant music and sparse content. Certainly it did not have the rigorous content that would have been required in a college level credited class. It was certainly not as interesting nor as informative as the Berkeley class "edible education 101"Still as an advertisement for good eating it was well done. If you found an audience out there somewhere who had not heard these messages, then you have succeeded and I applaud you for that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great class, but a little shorter than I would like and similar to Dr. Adams other Coursera offering.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
more scientific evidence would have been usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
an easy course, i would reccomend it to novices to nutritional science. If you're a more seasoned nutritionist, move on and find a more challenging course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Way too basic. Only useful to people living in the US having extremely unbalanced diets.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Helpful ideas, but could use some more practical suggestions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Scattered and lacking focus. The material is all there, but it feels like a laundry list of miscellany that didn't make it into the previous or next course in the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some course content are not updated (links not working). Very few people in discussions. Didn't see TAs. I had some questions on the forum but not answered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gives a basic overview of data collection processes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting review of historical voting mechanisms and their flaws. Easy to finish in one setting.Not to offend the course instructor, but 'uhm' how can I say 'uhm', every sentence starts, stops and 'uhm, is interjected with filler words 'uh' 'um' etc. Extremely annoying at 1.5x speed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Professors were wonderful, issues with wording of questions on tests and grading of testsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good for providing introduction to Forensic accounting. What would be good is to include some analytical tools or examples of how exactly text analysis will help us find fraudsters. Overall the pace and content is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Positive: It was refreshing to see this offering in Coursera. It is an important topic and there is limited amount of offerings (the Wharton course in accounting analytics crosses in the benfords law topic). The discussions in Madoff, Snowden, etc are positive to stimulate critical thinking. The approach was solid. The videos with real fraudsters were very good allowing to connect the theory to practice. The final exam with 60 questions is also very positive to force/stimulate the student to 'cement' the knowledge gained.Negative: This course was shockingly short. If discounted the weekly videos with real examples of frauds, per week there was only about 20-30 minutes of 'real' materials. This is not nearly enough a balanced output of resources to allow students to grasp the concepts. Institutions like Wharton, U. Michigan, U. Illinois, U. Virginia and Yale are packaging in their top courses/specializations at least 1.5 to 3 hours per module (what can have between 4 and 11 modules), plus resources - slides, readings, excel spreadsheets and others. This is an enormous gap. Also - although it was positive to see the materials of the collegue and acfe sites, more was expected. For example, it would be extremely valuable to have resources related to Bernie Madoff, Armstrong, Edward Snowden to engage on a more dynamic discussion. The slides used to back the video lectures should also been made available. Also in some topics more detail was expected. For example, Benford's Law. It should been shown the formula used, what is the threshold value to raise suspicion that manipulation might be present in the financials and also what are considered to be normal values.Overall it is positive to see your offering but I think it can be improved and add a lot more valuable.I wish you luck.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
He talks to0o00o fast and His slides are too wordy and I feel so sleepy When I was watching these videos! (I don't know why)!However As a PhD biomedical Eng, I'm learning alot from this specialization and I highly appreciate them for creating such amazing Idea. I'm Canadian and I know we have lots of similarities with you and I think I should make it for Canada and our university.Sincerely,AzadehThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the lectures were too general, too fast, or left things outI also don't like the peer review type grading structureAlso, I am sure I'm not the only person taking this course (or the whole series), who does not CURRENTLY, have a career in healthcare; I am working towards that - So; to ask us to do a market sizing memo and come up with something from nothing, while swearing not to plagiarize, is not a good method.I'm here to gain knowledge and skills - a broad overview.Perhaps a course or actual 2nd degree in Health Info Tech or Healthcare Admin. is better way to go for me; however, I cannot afford it finance or time - therefore, am trying to learn as much as possible off here.Kudsos to Parente for having super cool interests though - the sailing, the places he sails and the awesome vacation home in the Scottish Highlands!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is not very well developed like course 1, 2, 3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is good but mentor grading needs to be a bit sorted as in they required almost 2 additional weeks to grade one assignment in total that is 1 month to grade an assignment so that needs to be taken care ofThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well made. Unfortunately, you will find at least one, minor or fatal, error in every video as well as quizzes. It also doesn't cover all the important subjects, so I would not call it an "FE Exam Review" course as the title might be very misleading. The course is good for reviewing the mentioned subjects but don't depend on it as your sole source of review.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am glad that this exist but notice many errors. Every chapter has at least one error. Wish the admin address these issues through the discussion forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Whenever examples were given, things became much clearer, but there often weren't examples. In many instances it would have been nice if there had been a second take of the video taken to prevent potentially confusing mis-speaking from making it into the lectures. Obviously you get what you pay for, and it's great that I got a vague overview of the subject for free, but I easily aced the course without feeling like I'm at all prepared to run an fMRI experiment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instructors tend to talk too fast and read off the slides verbatim instead of thoroughly explaining the topicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interessante, porém poderia ser melhor elaborado.This course is interesting, but could be better elaborated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very elementary and basic. It should be a good intro 101 for those who have never studied mathematical finance. You can also practice using Excel if you have never used it before. It could be more challenging and fun if there were more modeling questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures weren't always easy to follow but the quizzes were really useful as they meant it was necessary to understand the material. Definitely a useful course, I will be interested to see how it relates to the real world of derivatives pricing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish it could be harder and have more challenging quizzes than simply arithmetic and multiple choice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good learning with explanation on basic financialsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides a very thorough introduction on the basic models and mechanisms by which various financial products are priced. One issue I had, was that the quiz questions sometimes used terminology or jargon for which the link with the material covered in the videos was not always immediately obvious. Also, the course, especially the later modules, heavily relies on Microsoft Excel, which some people might not be willing to pay hard cash for. It is possible to pass by doing the assignments with e.g. Python, but it's a lot of work, and not for the faint of heart.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Three stars for course structure, two stars less for every poor course material which doesn't contain any guidance to test questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too high level compared to what I expected, but does give a good overview of the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, this is a good course. It provides many handy tools, frameworks, techniques for data-driven decision making process. It does improve my decision making skill. However, the course is quite short and doesn't have much in-depth content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course does a good job overall of framing the importance and challenges of working with big data, and certainly inspired me to want to learn more. However, I think the material could be organized better, and the lectures are not nearly the same quality as the universities' courses...not to mention too heavy on the PWC pitches. The quizzes and assignments don't necessarily correlate well with the lessons, and the assignments are structured poorly. Based on my experience, I would not recommend a PWC course to serious learners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good foundation course. I believe the information regarding tools and techniques could've been presented in a better manner by working on live files and displaying it. It was monotonous. Apart from the rest, the final course case studies were brilliant and helped us to collaborate our understanding of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting a lot more detail on ***how*** to perform data driven decision making. What I found is just a lot of buzzwords and very shallow overviews.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good for elementary understanding, th exercises were fun too. However, the tools could have been describedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is extremely helpful and the content is good. However, it is hard sometimes to follow the Principals/Directors teaching the course. Additionally, it would have been fantastic if a lot of time was spent on giving examples, practical work demonstrated and a thorough structure of how it was done.Maybe, all this will be coming in the future courses. But for beginners, it is hard to understand and catch interest on the topic if not discussed with detailed examples and not merely giving highlights on the examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for new learners. Switching back and forth between Time Value of Money and the Decisions framework can be off-putting, though. Organisation of material is not necessarily the best, but the course is definitely worth taking for Finance newbies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good materials, but too long and drawn out.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent content, but the instructor does not motivateThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice content but a few bugs with the videos and sound track when watching online.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
4/5 for content, 2/5 for presentation. Compared to other courses, the lecturer is slow and often reads from slides. Nevertheless thanks for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maybe a little thin in terms of content; besides interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In spite of this course being very basic it give you a quick highlight on the fundamentals of management principles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice review of all things learned during College.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just soft teoretical material - need add some "real life" exsamples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course that gives a basic idea how management works and what is the difference between managers and leaders.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a bit repetitive and provides only a few real life examples. As well as this, the evaluation of this course is based on the result of a single quiz of 15 questions, which is not enough to prove any knowledge at all. I think it should focus on a more practice oriented course in order to master the price optimization process and see how it fluctuates in real life examples.However, this course gives great insights and useful concepts that are of huge importance to the application of the revenue management activities.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I enjoyed most of the content of this course, I felt that it was one long advertisement for Duetto. I will certainly continue the course series because I enjoy the learning. Also, a note for presenters, please be aware of how distracting so many hand gestures can be. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Tests and quizzes don't really ask the right things and the answers given are hard to understand. Bad quizzes but lectures informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course, giving a thorough understanding of the various types of renewable energy, their issues and opportunities. I cannot rate the course higher because some of it is so out of date. It really needs to be re-done. The Paris Agreement wasn't mentioned, some of the research is from the early 2000s, many of the lectures are at least 3 years old. This is an area that is changing rapidly, monthly, and this course can't really be seen to be current any more. Particularly the politics section in week 8.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much information for a short amount of time to compile. I liked the questions in the middle of the videos, but I would be great to always have the justification of the answers for a more profund learnning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course with lot of numbers and facts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The project is too unguided, you can set an example by creating a sample website throughout the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Took the mystery out of a few things that were new.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It good for beginners who have no idea where to start in creating sites .But, can improve some of the audios are not complete yet the audio has finished and in some of video are not completely organizedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too short and not very helpful for me, I was missing more details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was really happy to join this class, until I saw there was no video learning, everything is articles. I need something visual. I am sorry but this class is not helpful for me, I do thank you the teachers but please do remove me. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's quite simple and doesn't show specific steps of how to do it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very limited information on Wordpress. Then added some lectures on web design that could have used information relevant to Wordpress such as image compression plugins instead of tinypng.com (see last component).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very helpful to motivate oneself to create a website. But it looks like the authors themselves made the course in one weekend. The lectures are too short and not informative enough to complete the assignments. Some videos don't show what the lecturer is talking about, maybe there is bug or something, but there is only some irrelevant picture. The due dates are inconsistent through different pages. Finally, the next day after the course ends I am not able to view my assignments and the grade for the last assignment, even though the authors sent an email that it would be possible.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content for teaching how to create website is nothing. The name should change to how to create a website with Wordpress. I found some videos on the internet help more than this course. However, some links and information are very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More basic than I was expectingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is super fast for beginner and i colder find the pause button. Great info but could've been delivered better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments should be free for everyone to try and be peer reviewed! Payment should only affect the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The links provided are informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The subject of the course is very interesting. Lectures are very engaging and professors do a great job explaining abstract concepts. On the other hand, assignments are extremely difficult and frustrating. The lack of feedback for the assignments leaves you with important knowledge gaps and that's a serious flaw for a course that offers so much most of the time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too general... extremely easy to solve the quizzes. I would say needs deeper evaluation of the learned materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
First week and last week were pretty useful with some good tips from the videos... the other weeks not so much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would like a different approach on the way this course is given to the student. The first couple of classes were really cool and inspiring, but the later two became more of the same and kinda took my inspiration and motivation down to finish the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the assignments and the creative ideas discussed in the class. However, I wish there had been more practical, step-by-step instruction in approaching design work; game artists of more diverse styles; and some discussion of game character design as a career.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a fun course, not sure about the educational content, but it was fun.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instruction was through watching other characters designers talk about their process.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the information given by Fran was useful, the part where other artists talk is not presented well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very open way of learning. Few talks with people from the industry, sharing their approach.Not much of fundamental knowledge.Generally great motivator to exercise Character Design. Not that great resource to learn from a beginning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The interviews were great, and useful to see a real experienced designer, however the contents in the course were almost nonexistent. The homework was well planed but it depends much more in the student to learn something that the contents exposed in the videos. Tips aren't the same as methodologies and content in character design.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is cool. but it does not give any certificate of completion at the end as other courses do.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe that exaggerated the amount of minutes per video and lack of theory, but it was still a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course is ok but is a limited version you need to spend a big time researching a lot about all the things to understand well the purpose and the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough guidance for final project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is not explained clearlyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Galaxy seems to me out of date. There are some useful information, however there are also some drawbacks, especially not clear criteria of assessment of final project .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final project is the real challenge, the course lectures are just and introduction and you learn the hard way with the project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course project is difficult for someone who have little idea about the steps in pipelines. Could have included a video that explains few commonly used pipelines and ask the participants to do a project based on it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some points were technical making a key understanding of how to present a resumeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Genearlly it helps but I hope it would be much better if you have chances to review resume from each other and receive feedback. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course does not allow us to answer the assignments without purchasing the course instead they should allow us to do so.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some really good pointers. I would have liked to see more for the experienced person, this was quite focused on new college grads.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well organized lectures but the documentation is full of errors. This in combination with the lack of response on the a lack of responsiveness on the forums might make this class frustrating for some.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros: Information is perfect for anyone looking at Business Intelligence as a career field, or already in the career field itself. I found the first week to challenge my on-the-job knowledge of a fuller set of concepts and general terminology.Cons: The wording on the quiz questions, in some cases, seems much different than the PPT slides and the instructor's language. UPDATE: The wording is a significant challenge, even when advancing into the more complex topics. I have had many differences of opinions on the solutions based on wording in the requirements.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course needs a cleanup of loose ends on some of the assignments. Some assignment requirements are very ambiguous and in some cases the solutions are not matching the requirements of what was due.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Real world data warehouse integrations are more complex than just inner joining the tables to drop those rows not found in the original tables. i wish more complex scenarios are covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for Beginners to go for.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Missing course material about how calculating fact table size ans sparsityThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well structured and remains focused on the topic on hand. It is easy to follow Kevins thought, but the discussion is quite superficial; no concrete numbers and examples are worked through in the discussion. It would have strengthened the course if the discussion went step-by-step through a balance sheet of one of the companies featured in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to comprehend but far too basic to be helpful and I don't feel I received an "Understanding of financial statements" because the course was too rudimentary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is extremely basic. It took me about four hours to complete the entire course (minus the peer reviewed assignment since I audited). This wouldn't be an issue in and of itself, but there were quite a number of issues with the presentation, from questions appearing in the wrong video, to badly worded and misleading questions. It's as if the course material was quickly thrown together and not reviewed or tested. Overall, there is some good info in it if you have no background in accounting and no idea what a balance sheet is, but if you're looking for insight into interpreting balance sheets, this is not the class for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was useful in providing an introduction to the basics of game theory.However it would benefit from a native English proofread and smoother delivery.There were also problems throughout regarding the display of graphics and notes behind the professor, who kept pointing to something other than he was referring to.A couple of math notations were also incorrect, for example "<" when the professor said "less than or equal to".Overall though, I'm pleased that I took the course and I learned several important aspects of the topic that will benefit me in future study.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the subject is interesting, the professor sometimes makes it confusing and dense to understand the basic ideas.Maybe this course does need a mathematic or economic background...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Video Orientation is not proper.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was mostly working on the same document, and refining it for six weeks. I kind of wanted a little more from the class beside extended peer review time. I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the specialization's courses, but I didn't think this one was quite up to the same caliber.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is very interesting, but the course goes very fast, and the presentation is dry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting, but I found it a little bit confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course as much content in it and it's difficult to have an holistic idea how it all fits together. Some videos are taught having the same problem like, for example, some tools/themes are presented without us knowing what they are for. E.g., Chi-squared test and null hypothesis. Only after a while we understand their use. This bring a lot of overhead to us who are learning.Some videos seem to have been re-worked over time and present cuts or jumps.As for assignments, they should be better worked because some questions are not clear or misleading regarding the criteria that you want to evaluate.For example, I already reported that in Question 2. and 3. of the assignment for the 3rd week. The example you give is a short introduction with two problems: 1) "I did the website", which can make the participant not to be at ease to criticize and 2) we're no evaluating the participant performance but the website. Next, you ask us to rewrite the introduction, which we do with those two problems in mind. Now, when we do the peer review we realize that you're expecting for us to rate the new introduction based on having "early prototype" and "user feedback". The original problems just seem not to count. Only by chance you can eventually write the new introduction touching the points that count for grading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Several errors in lecture and lack-luster assignments decreased my perception of value.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good course overall, but some of the material was very complex and would require more than 3 weeks of study. I am not sure whether it will be useful in a real life, especially calculating Chi-squared and such. I also wish the professor would simplify the language in which he speaks in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Slow review process (can be).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you don't pay the fee to get the certification, you can't do the assignments :(The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't like the way contents were organized. It was too much information in a very short time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Definitely improved from the first course of this specification. Better feedback on errors regarding quizzes' questions and still really interesting assignments for peer review that help you to learn. Still missing a document or a file with all the notes that one can take away and use as a reference guide, hence only 3/5.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great Instructor videos, bad assignments and peer grading system."Is the file submitted as PDF? Rate from 1 to 5" everyone puts 1 as my score even if I submitted it as PDF file, should be a yes or no question.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course touched just the basics of game design principles. Everything was mostly theory based without any practical examples. I was expecting some kind of other approach of teaching this kind of topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting.The peer-review assigment and grading system is the weak park of this course : you are asked to do a prototype in one week that must be reviewed "pretty epic" from the other students for the highest grade.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found that the momentum build in the first course of the "Game Design and Development" specialization was lost when going into Principles of Game Design. In my opinion the course became too focused on the theory, where it could have combined the learnings of "Introduction to Game Development" with the principles of game design in a 50/50 ish combination.However, if your sole purpose is the theory of games and game design, and you do attend the course in relation to the specialization, then by all means, it's a decent course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have more information about concepts. I would say this is a very, very high level look at game design. Concepts are not explored very much. For example, level design is mentioned. I can sum up the whole lesson in that as "Game designers create pieces and level designers put those pieces together in interesting ways." How to actually do level design, what makes a good level, etc. are not explored at all. There are some generic tips, like ("Make sure it is balanced," "it should be interesting and paced right." The most value of this course is the documentation to write down game ideas in.This should all make sense by the fact that the course alone is 4 weeks long. 1 week of the machine learning course is about equal to this whole course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course covers a lot of interesting topics i a short time, citing external documents, webpages and books; sometimes some questions in the quiz refer to external documents.About the assignment: it start quite easy, about high concept, story bible, game design document, making the student write more and more detailed, focusing all the attention on the documents. Than, at week4, you need to create a prototype, digital or non-digital, based on your creations. I found this unexpected and really it's unrealistic to be able to create a decent prototype in the same amount of time given to write a document.About the grading system: to take the best score, you need to go "epicly" beyond the call of duty. I don't like that. A student should take the maximum score if he does everything required, and he/she does it good. No need to overdo in my opinion.About the quiz: if you make mistakes, he doesn't tell you what's wrong, he doesn't show you the right answer. It's not a problem of the Coursera platform, as in the previous course, the teacher filled the quiz with all the explaination of the correct and incorrect answers.So, should i suggest this course? Well the topics are interesting, they could have been transmitted better, with better assignments and grading score.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice abstraction about all kinds of games not about a specific game genre. But I'm not into it because I like developing games more than thinking about design. This course's homework is somewhat irrelevant of the course content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This seemed like a somewhat outdated course but did have a lot of basic info for people who want to make a game but haven't given it much thought. I also found the quizzes and review options frustration due to poorly worded questions and rating choices, as well as the lack of a written feedback option besides comments. Some of the videos seem to kind of drag on a bit as well, but overall it was still helpful for developing my game despite feeling like I didn't gain much new information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quizzes were too short to be effective, and without requiring written feedback from peer review, the process doesn't seem very useful. The best information was from the articles and books he recommends.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Tasks are different in complexity, but time is given the same.Speaker's constantly interrupts sentences. Hard to understand for people, who bad speek English.Questions for peer review are bad:"Mark 5 if work amasing". But we just student, our work are rough, not amasing. And everybody can grade as he wish.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes it was difficult to follow! but good overallThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Didn't learn as much as intro to game dev'.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
One big user-experience comment is that I wish that the videos had been edited; there are many long pauses and times where there is a lot of talking around the thing that you actually want to say. I think you have some great things to say, but perhaps streamlining those ideas and editing out the times when you need to pause to think (which is definitely legitimate when recording yourself!) or other things of that nature, would have definitely cut down on the length of the videos. Long videos aren't bad, if they are well put-together and conveying information in an engaging way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a very wordy course. Some times it felt like they just kept repeating and rambling, but I did learn the proper documentation for big games.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has a good starting point, but there are so many things that ended up being wrong that I just can't force myself to give it more than 3 stars (and I'm not sure if it should be 3 or 2 stars). I think this is also the first course on Coursera that didn't get 5 stars from me (not sure if I've given 4 stars once only).So the bad parts first:Assignments are so unrealistic it's unbelievable. Week 1 is doable. Week 2 is problematic if you have a complex idea, let's say it's still doable, but you would certainly need more time than expected weekly hour work. Week 3 is insane. It is so out of the scope of this course. And week 4 is even worse, I had to use pen and paper and then explain only 1 of the core mechanics (even that used more than expected weekly hour work).Some of the quizzes are not fully clear if you are not a native English speaker. Sometimes I had to re-read things several times, and still wasn't sure what I was doing wrong (I realized that only after I managed to literally guess the correct answer).And most of all grading is the worst I've seen in any course. All of it based on a personal opinion. Hey I even managed not to get full points for a "document is HTML/PDF/....". I mean - how can I not get full points there? It either is or is not a HTML. It's so much subjective that it's making it awful.Now about the good parts:Professor did a great job, the course inspired so many ideas for me.The material is concise and it was a pleasure listening to this course.Most of the courses are too slow for me, so I have to fast forward them to 1.5 and some even to 2 times speed. I've run this course only on 1.25 speed, which is a good thing. I'm not a native English speaker.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is great, but I think they need to make this course in two phases because there was a lot of information to process and the assignments need more time if you want to do a good work. The other part that I didn't like was that the information doesn't really correspond to what you actually need to do for your assignments, I think the course needs more videos and examples of how to create the required documents.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class started out very rocky and the videos had errors, the quizzes had problems, and the assignments had a poor grading system. Hopefully, these will be corrected in future offerings.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material is good, and Casey always gives further reads and references. I specially liked to have book references and I started to read one of those.I found however a disconnection between the idea of using the MDA/DPE framework described in the course, and the actual projects which were more into creating the set of documents used in game design to collect the details, create a better picture, and think better about the game. In some way, the iterative process of coming back to the idea, from document to document, helped to refine the game, but it happened more as something natural.I wished we would have had some sort of checklist to evaluate and apply during the design process the framework.As feedback to the instructor, I think he needs to stop using the ending word "right?" to finish his sentences. At some point, of the course it became really difficult to follow, right?. right?. right? ... ufff ...Also, I believe he knows a lot, but a bit of preparation and flow in his lectures would be appreciated. Maybe the use of some sort of autoclue, would help.Last, but this could be more for the course editors, the instructor has good slides and material, but usually during the lectures the slides disappear (just in the moment one need to focus his attention in the written material) and the instructor appears in first plane. I think you could keep the instructor in a PIP box all the time, and perhaps put him in first plane only at the beginning and end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is interesting but the lectures and the content is far below the first course in the series in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course competes with a full specialization on Coursera with a slight flavor of the "Understanding Video Game" course also available on Coursera.The grading is supported by quizzes and assignment associated to a poor grading system. I found this single class less challenging and interesting than the full specialization on Game Design from CalArts although it allows you to have another view of the process of Game Design in a more engineering way (e.g. writing documentation and not thinking on creating game...).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting ideas but a bit disorganized.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course content is highly informative and interesting, the way it's all presented it not the best, most of the time concepts are confusing because of this, quizzes become guessing games most of the time. Forums feel neglected by the course tutor, lot's of question that someone knowledgeable should answer become random rambling as nobody is sure as to what the tutor actually meant. As somebody said on the forums "I feel like I'm alpha testing your course".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good start for learning game design and developmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
3 stars because the lecturer is really good but talks a little bit fast so foreign students cant clearly understand what he means or get "lost" in the course. You will say "you can reduce the speed" but this would reduce the sound quality too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic introduction. Though it covers all the needed information it lacks of interesting content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good, but timid, introduction to game development with Unity. It addresses many relevant game development concepts, like programming, collision detection and 3D coordinates. It course may be better appreciated if taken as part of a specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for beginners. I am not sure if anyone who has designed even a small game in Unity will be interested in this course. I was quite bored and had to go through all the videos just to complete the assignment which cannot be completed if you don't go through all the videos which I think is the drawback for this course. But again, its for beginners. As for me, I am looking forward to interesting and in-depth topics to learn about. The specialization will hold no value if it doesn't pose any challenge to its pursuers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course, although I would've liked a bit more emphasis on coding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Didactically I was a little disappointed since, as so often, allegedly innovative e-learning is based on a conventional transmission pedagogy, with the instructur delivering frontal-teaching-style lectures and the learner imitating the instructions. As a comparative novice in the field, I'm not sure that I am now able to apply independently what I imitated for the assignments. Scripting went right over my head.Rhetorically, many of the lectures were preformulated written texts rattled off, sometimes quite fast, in spite of the complexity of some of the information. Where the instructor formulated freely, the excessive Uuuhms and "go ahead's" nearly drove me bonkers.On the whole, a useful course, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I enjoyed the projects and found the instructor easy to follow and understand, I was disappointed in how little coding we did. The code walkthroughs were rushed and I barely learned enough to scratch the surface of some of the scripts we used in the basic projects. Since scripting is such a huge part of game development, I feel like there should have been more focus on it. Maybe a new term in each video or something?And I understand that the course was only four weeks, which doesn't allow much time for deep scripting analysis, but maybe the course should be longer than four weeks.Overall a fun class and I now have two games to show off to people.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course is ok but it is not enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course introduces the student to the production of a game using Unity, but it lacks on programming focus.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little light but still effective courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos are okay. Content and labs are great minus a issue with one lab where the supplied files were probably designed for a later version.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final lab had an error that took a long time to find a solution for, which was disappointing. For a paid course, you would expect the labs to be better quality tested.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting more modules on configuration management like deployment manager service.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good lessons but the issue for me was that some of the video content was a little outdated. For example, it doesn't cover the update version of github website and how to use it. That being said directions sometime can be a little bit confusing. Another thing is some of the instructions are not clear for instance the guidance to how to submit an assignment. It is also intimidating that questions cannot be answered directly and if you want answers you have to dig a little bit dipper to get exactly what you are looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a bit fast and some things were not well explained but other than that a great course, love courseera already!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is no that perfect.The instructor focus on explaining what the code do instead of implementing it in the same video.I think the only downside is that he prepare his code and we can't implement the code at the same time because it is already givenThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lessons on html and css are very good, better than other coursera classes, so I suggest you to give a look at those. In general, the teacher is very good, even though I found the javascript part less deepen. A week, and partially the last week, are dedicated to the construction of a restaturant site. Unfortunately, the student role is pretty passive: you'll just look the teacher at work, you'll not build a site in this course. I skipped much of those lessons. But the most disappointing point is for me the excessive simplicity of the assignments. The assignments are the primary reason why I decided to take a MOOC instaed of simply reading a book. I expected much (interesting) assignments and much more practice...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like this course it is very easy because of the trainerThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course if you want to have an overview of how climate works. You will understand what we know but most importantly what we do NOT know on the subject. Sadly there was no feedback at all from teachers...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very few topics are covered. Although all the topics that are included are explained very beautifully.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good information with a fantastic understanding of the variety of artists. However, I almost dreaded logging in to watch the lectures; they were often boring me to tears. Were this information presented in a more engaging way, this review would be much higher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting lessons, yet a rather boring presentation as most faculty were reading their scripts, or seemed nearly jet-lagged in some lessons. Sound recording is sometimes also perfectible (echo due to large museum room).One may also take into consideration that the perspective given in the course is a bit "Australian-centric". I should have expected this as the course came from the University of Melbourne, but I have the feeling that some courses on Coursera feel a bit more "global"...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would prefer the lecture command line notes too in presentations or any other files in each week modules. It was difficult for me to understand her way of teaching and I felt the lectures didn't flow correctly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gives a significant coverage of many important command line tools. Teaching level is not good, very difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but sometimes I missed some supplementary reading material... when I couldn't quite understand something from the videos alone, it would have been nice to read up on a topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The examples are getting very abstract. It is getting difficult to understand the concepts with the examples explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very interesting and challenging but there are mistakes in the videos and too much mathematical theory with relation to examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think it would be more easy to understand the concepts with more examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lecturer not conversant with subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
tricky concepts and long equations yet funThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic and the class content itself are good, but the introduction is too brief. Hope they can add more stuff!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion, it gets too technical and it is not a self contained course at all. Neither it is a beginner course for game theory. If someone is looking to understand the real basics of it, should take the Univeristy of Tokyo course. Some lessons were really abstract and I ended up looking for information in other websites to understand it. Another thing... I suppose the three lecturers are incredible good in their respective fields, but in the teaching part, Some Shoham's lessons were like listening to a robot. M. O Jackson is pretty clear in his explanations altough too technical, and Leyton Brown has a very clear way to teach, but I honestly got lost many times in the final exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The games needs to be explained in sufficient details. In addition, after a point in time, it became too technical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion issues aboard at course are too complex to explained in shorts terms.But the infomation was value enough for an overview approach.Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic content that do not explain how business models are applied in digital worldThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While this topic is interesting, and course goes over some examples. I feel course lacked depth, and didn't really answers main question: how to find business model, or gave case studies of business model. Just reiterated obvious examples, which is common knowledge.Topic : 10/10Quality: 4/10Presentation: 5/10The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first round of the capstone was separated in time by about 6 months from the initial courses, so the lack of additional material was rough. Otherwise the process was a good real word application of NGS processing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good explanation and interesting content. Lessons learned can be put to practice immediately. The content let's you think about starting a business in a general way also. Negative point: the main point are repeted a lot of times. The total number of classes could be reduced (a lot) and still provide the same messageThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class is very insightful for those interested in pursuing any career having to do with global health or traveling. I am not pursuing a career in this field therefore it didn't entirely appeal to me but Professor Boyd is very passionate and knowledgable at what he does!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Rather easy questions and not many difficult ones even in the optional exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed the content and learned a lot but, there were far too many videos that were not functional. In some the video froze, in some the sound went off, in others there were a problem with bot visual and sound. It became increasingly hard to follow the ideas as I had no visuals to support the text.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I FIND THE MATERIAL REALLY GOOD AND EASY TO FOLLOW, THE ASSIGNMENTS ARE VERY HELPFUL TO FULLY UNDERSTAND EACH CHAPTER. I LIKE THAT THERE IS INTERACTION BETWEEN PEERS AND HOW THERE IS FEED BACK FROM EACH OTHER, BUT I DONT LIKE THAT IT IS THE ONLY WAY TO GET AN OPINION, IT DOESNT SEEM TO BE ENOUGH, IF I GET FEEDBACK FROM SOMEONE WHO KNOWS AS LITTLE AS ME OR IS BEGINNING TO EXPLORE GRAPHIC DESIGN, I WOULD HAVE LIKED AN OPINION FROM A PROFESIONAL OR A TEACHER WITH MORE EXPERIENCE. ALSO, AFTER FEEDBACK THERE SHOULD BE A CORRECTION ASSIGNMENT OR A GROWTH OPPORTUNITY TO TAKE THE FEEDBACK AND MAKE YOUR PROJECT BETTER.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit basic, but I guess that's what should be expected of an "Introduction"It would be nice to get a more advanced alternative courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course to introduce you to basics of graphic design and basic design language.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting to learn to use some tools during the course. Looks like I have to teach myself how to use different programs for designing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's very very basic, I know it's considered an introductory course but I expected more. It was very interesting and informative though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The last assignment caused me CONFUSION. I mean, due to the unclear assignment requirements, we cannot review composition for composition's sake. For example, I did use two squares as the assignment asked, but I changed the transparency of them, so they form a new square when overlapping. And people think I used three squares and thus not following the instructions. And many people used a small circle and a large circle putting at the center vertically to form a scale composition, and you have to give them 3 points because they followed the instructions, but they actually did not do much in terms of composition. Though I got 3.5 scores by two people ( not very bad）, I'm still frustrated, and I hope the assignment requirements could be clearer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instead of reading blogs and books on graphic design and then following that up with consequent practice I decided to take up this course which would help me do both more efficiently and so far I'm not regretting my decision.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting and exploratory but not much was really explained; he just kinda showed examples and said see what I mean. That's great but you're not really learning why and thus in my opinion I don't feel like I learned much about graphic designThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thats a good course for beginers.In my opinion should be more illustrative with more real and nice examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall I think this is a great course and really helpful. However, I had an unpleasant experience on the last week. There is an assignment that asks you to create a single contrast composition of 2 shapes. It says "shapes" and still people are not sure if they can use more count of those shapes. I chose to use 2 shapes, but multiple counts and some people that thought this is not only 2 shapes, but 2 counts as well, chose to grade my work with the lowest rating due to unfulfilled assignment. I think this is Coursera`s fault to begin with. They should word their requirements properly so it does not create confusion. Now, we are left to the good will of a classmate to judge our work and people are not even sure what the assignment asks of us exactly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course to understand the basics of graphic designThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a great introductory course to graphic design. It made me think of many ways to represent the same image. IThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For what it was, it was a decent course. For some reason I thought it would be a little more advanced. This was a very basic class. Wording of the last assignment limited creativity as it was hard to tell if you had to limit your pictures to 2 shapes,(as in one circle and one square), or 2 shapes(as in as many circles as needed and as many triangles as you needed, but don't add any squares). Reviewing these assignments, because they were so basic, made it hard to offer much in the way of constructive criticism.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is good for beginners onlyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Bit too simple for my liking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic, but some things are useful, the course is worth it if you are a total newbieThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I totally liked the hands-on approach and the nice presentation of the material. On the other hand, I felt a little left alone since there was no didactically planned interaction beyond the peer reviews. Furthermore, a forum for discussion is nice, but it's a little sad if no one can answer course related formal questions, you misinterpret the instructions, and therefore receive a low grade.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The conclusions in the course are not convincing, or at least not presented in a convincing way. I have many doubts about the argument given in the lectures, and I myself can offer many counterexamples and counterarguments. I just cannot believe in Raj's theories when they are so weak and therefore this course will in no way increase my level of happiness.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
insightful, inspirational mostly, informative, but gives an impression of a false pep-talks.. the lecturer is very nice but the over-accentuated humor and false bonding with the audience diminishes the overall good feeling of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
My happiness went down after this course. Only positive thing was that i realized how messed up my life is.Overall its a interesting course, it is obvious that a lot of effort was made while creating it and you can definitely learn something from itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
5 star for effort.4 star for content - some of the findings are open to debate but are seemingly portrayed as "truths"0 star for trying to obtaining personal information (name, email) under the pretext of assignment when such information are not required for completing the assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had reached the last session of this course when it suddenly became impossible to access the video. i had to wait several days before this was possible (other videos from other sites were OK so must have been local to you and not a fault at my end) Then when I could access the site again I found I could not reconnect with the course at the level at which I had left it but would have to start again. Unsurprisingly I did not want to do this but would like to finish what was a very interesting and thought provoking course and the presentation was excellent and deserves 6 stars... the prof is a star. I hope you can help in this matter as there does not seem to be anywhere on your site where one has the opportunity to contact Coursera with problems such as this as I do not think this review page is truly relevant to the problem but where else can I go? Please do not suggest the Community Forum.HopefullyMary WThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class was absolutely Wonderful, however I don't have the time to go at a student's pace (work , hom, life in general). I was trying to go back and finish week 6 video #4 but was unable to open the course! I want to llearn I wasn't aware there was a time limit to learn happiness. :(The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a reasonable well-delivered course given the topicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
That was very informative and motivating course. I wish the quiz was not that detail oriented and hard..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good content, oo long, too many words to get to the point, and too many instructions on assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
THIS COURSE IS INTERESTING,INFORMATIVE AND USEFFUL. RIGHT NOW I AM HEADING TOWARDS END OF THE COURSE. IT HAS HELPED ME TREMENDOUSLY. I WOULD RECOMEND THIS COURSE FOR EVERYBODY.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared to the other courses, this one is kind of boring, but learned some origination of dogs :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too many gestures, movements and ahhhs, slides available but not downloadable (what's the point?).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I may have gotten more out of this course if I hadn't already read "The Genius of Dogs".I would like to suggest that the slides be subjected to more rigorous proofreading, as I came across several typographical errors. It doesn't look professional.On quizzes, when a student is asked to select the one FALSE answer, please remove any "all of the above are TRUE" statements. A mentor replied to another student who pointed out this conumdrum on the Week 7 Forum with: "I understand where you are coming from Phil, but only one of the answers as an individual answer is incorrect. The answer "all of the above are correct" is neither true nor false, as only one of the answers in the 'all' is the exception." And I say that if I have a bouquet of roses, 11 red ones and 1 yellow and I were to say that "all of the roses in my bouquet are red" you would correct me, as one is not, and "all" demands 12 out of 12, otherwise, it is not all. Should you still feel a quibble, let me suggest that you contact the Department of Philosophy, ask for someone expert in symbolic logic and run it by him/her.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was good, but I think that only it's really enjoyable if you have a dog. As the professor says, both the book and the online resource Dognition isn't needed for the completion of this course. The book was really good, but I think that Dognition was too expensive, especially if you haven't a dog (not useful).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting subject & Basic idea to have a dog defined for the exercises is nice but w/o dog hard to benefit. A bit too much talking in front of a wall ;-) Could benefit from more illustrative material. Graphs / Videos / Pictures. Why not show examples of Dogs doing the games, that would be great for people who do not (yet) own a dog. I was hoping to get some insight into problematic dog behaviour but maybe that was wrong expectation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very boring presentation. Far too much 'buy my book/go to MY website'., in it. If he did that in a RT University he would be hauled over the coals. Some interesting points made but most of the information given was from other's research.A little less self-promotion and a little more work, combined with less boring presentation would move it up to 4*The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information contained within the course which has sparked my interest in continuing to learn and build on my small amount of knowledge. Lower rating than I would usually give for a course because of the way the lectures are delivered. Having a lecturer standing in front of a brick wall, plugging his book and not really connecting with online students was not great. A couple of times during the lectures I dozed off and had to re-run them. If the plugging of own material was removed and the background and tone of voice were altered this could be a captivating and interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The three stars are because the parts actually giving information had value and I learned some interesting things. The 2 stars were removed because of the truly obnoxious plugging of the prof's own book and research project. He goes on and on about how fantastic it is how we can all participate in scientific research, but if I am SUPPLYING DATA, why do I have to pay for that privilege!? If it were really about the research he would want my data whether I paid for it or not. The course felt mostly like one big plug to make money. To make this course worthwhile you have fast forward a lot through the sales raps, which includes a few lectures in their entirety. It's also much better at twice speed, but most classes are. :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did enjoy this course, but at times I felt a little bored, like it was loosing my interest. Some of the information given was more about other species and I think that's what made it less gripping for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting insights into human interactions with dogs. I just could not finish the entire class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed a lot of this course, especially the parts about evolution and social intelligence. Very interesting!! However, as a professional dog trainer and having studied through the Karen Pryor Academy, I was VERY disappointed to see Brian Hare's misunderstanding of clicker training. I would be happy to chat with him about the realities of clicker training and how an event marker works, if he'd be interested ;)Futhermore, I bought the book and paid for a certificate, but because I took over 180 days to complete the course (despite the course being "self-paced, with suggested deadlines to help you keep on track), I did not get my certificate and was informed that to get it I'd have to pay again for the same product.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a little long before getting to the REALLY interesting stuff, but it's a good course for what you pay. I wish there were a follow up one, like a level 2.I also wish that Brian didn't refer to groups of dogs as "dog packs" as dogs are not pack animals. This leads to confusion as dog owners will then believe that they need to be a pack leader and everything that comes with that stereotype. I also wish he didn't focus so much on the idea that dogs are from wolves, because again, many people revert to "this is how wolves are so this is how i treat my dog" it leads to confusion. Just read the comments on some threads. Even while doing this course, people were saying how they need to be a pack leader and how they follow what Cesar Milan does.However, for those of us that know there is a difference, it was interesting to learn more about the differences between wolves and dogs. I just wish the course focused more on dogsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, I enjoyed this course, but it gave just a bit too much information on cognitive studies in other species, and it left me still wanting to learn more about dogs. The last 2 weeks were great! The professor was engaging and his work was very interesting, but he said ummm and ahhh so many times that it was a little distracting. The quizzes were good, but some of the questions were worded very oddly so I just couldn't get them right without several attempts. I didn't feel like he covered dog emotion at all. I thought there would be some discussion of facial expressions, the meaning of different tail wags, and the extent of dog emotion (for example, how they grieve and how long they grieve after a loss).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have learnt some basic knowledge about dog's congnition. It may be more interesting if I have a dog to take part in these experments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting topic and great instructors.Unfortunately, many things were not covered by video lectures. It often felt like there were parts missing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I very much enjoyed the information contained in the course - however I did find that it was difficult to apply some of the very nuanced biases to the financial problems posed in the quiz when many of the biases were used in examples outside of the stock market in the course readings leading up to the quiz. I really wish there were more examples for each bias (and more from the world of finance) because some biases were really hard to distinguish from one another. On one hand I did like that I wasn't spoon fed the information for the quizes but on the other I don't feel as though I was fully equipped to answer some of the quiz questions due to the way the information had been presented.The information built on itself so I found myself going back to week 1 information and week 2 information in week three.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first two weeks were great, they were more behavioural economics than behavioural finance specifically. The last week was not up to scratch, readings from the popular press, not experts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures dont cover all the subjects discussed.I would be delighted to listen to lectures about economic bubbles and non rational behavior.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course information was fairly useful, but the execution not so much. The material spent more time on somewhat repetitive examples than it did on explaining the actual concepts those examples were illustrating, and the videos were primarily just lecturers reading parts of the slides that you had already read, but in their own words.The tests, sadly, were poorly-designed for the subject matter of the course. Behavioral biases - like many psychological phenomena - overlap to some degree, and the frequently-used format of 'choose all that apply' - or worse 'choose all that might apply' - resulted in trying to guess what the test-setter was looking for rather than trying to apply the information that had been learned. When you find yourself trying to decide between the best answer based on what you have learned and a conceptually worse answer that happens to meet the wording of the question - and trying to guess whether the test-setter is looking to prove your understanding or catch you in a mistake - then you start to suspect that the course has been designed more as a way to earn grades than to actually learn.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It lacks of video lectures so I had to rely on notes only. The course's content is interesting and has potential to give learner more depth of topics. Hope it will be improved soon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course is great as an introduction to behavioral finance, however I think the content lacks depth and is rather superficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked this course to be longer, so that the information could have been spread out among more lectures, rather than so much information condensed into one week. It made the exams a little confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good approach to electronics but it doesn't go trough a complete explanation about how we found the formula needed to solve problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like this mam teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The ONLY reason I rated low is because I paid this course and am receiving NO feedback from other students on essays. Very frustrating when you have tried to do your best but get no peer reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course, but if you want to hand on the assignments, you have to pay. So I am a little disappointed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was great and interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides a solid structure on which to build academic essays. The content of the videos is generally good and seems appropriately targeted but the sample essays are disappointingly trivial (and not terribly well written). They seem more suited to young High School students rather than would-be college level writers.The big issue is in the peer assessment process which forms the centre of the practical experience in the course. There is a tremendous time lag apparent between essays being submitted and being reviewed. Mine took between 3 and 4 weeks to get through the process. This is obviously an issue for Coursera to address as it relates to the platform design rather than the course team but it is nevertheless frustrating.There is a big disconnect between the standards the instructors seem to expect and the assignments submitted. The vast majority of students clearly do not have English as a first language and for many writing an academic essay is really some way ahead of their current position. Perhaps more disturbing is that most of the (apparently) native English speakers seem not to have taken any notice of either the lectures or the peer grading rubrics.Despite the shortcomings in the peer review process the material is well presented and offers a strong framework around which students can build good effective essays.Once again, the lack of a forum in this course makes life unnecessarily difficult and frustrating and for me pushes my rating down from a low 4 to 3 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't like this course as much. Mostly because the peer reviews were strict and unforgiving and as an experienced, essay writer, I didn't feel I needed the rigid, boring academic structure required for this assignment. However, I made it through with a decent mark so I'm grateful for it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a problem with the peer reviewing of the assignment. Even you finished all tasks, you need to wait for receiving your grade. For example, I am still waiting for the grade of my assignments, specially I am waiting for more than two weeks for the grading of my assignment in week 2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too easy. The example showed is not very academicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its ok, I didn't learn a little and I didn't learn a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Much better than the first course in the specialization.Too many dependencies on non-standard data formats, like MS Word.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was an interesting way to explore writing models to explore climate change. The way the assignments are written was sometimes confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This Course presented some valuable insight into what the public are urged to believe on this controversial epidemic...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the videos are labelled wrong and have the wrong subtitles to go along with it. Great information but a bit boring. But really great information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quality information and an enjoyable course. I would give it a 4 but there were errors--modules/titles/questions didn't match with some Week 1 content. Additionally, for the grading of the Case Study, there was a section where you could either upload a document or type, then on the peer grading it encouraged you to penalize people for not uploading anything. This negatively effected my grade and the grade I gave to other people.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course has good breadth and structure, exploring the economic and political side of international energy, however it would be good if a basic technical understanding of energy is incorporated.Some material is rather outdated / inaccessibleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very good course to grasp the fundamentals of the various forms of energy.Admin detail: one week between exam-taking after two fails makes no practical sense and is detrimental to the timely completion of the course.The course would also benefit from an actualization, with more analysis of recent economic & political trends:- Oil market has historically been cyclical. Need an analysis of past cycles, and a fresh view on whether the current slump is part of a similar cycle, or a new era?- America's insistence on energy independence, how/why Europe views independence differently, how China/India view their own?- Current Middle-East politics Iraq-Iran-Saudi-Qatar, historical and current role of Saudi Arabia in the OPEC cartel, and the reality and dynamics of spare capacity within OPECStudents should come out of this course with their own view of whether this is the last leg of the fossil fuel race (as hinted by Prof. Lucciani in the COP21 video), or just another bend.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a good course but not very exceptional.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the scholarly writing becomes easier after taking this course. it is definitely an interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Explanations and examples are not so good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although it should be simple enough, i found it hard to understand the material and sometimes, the videos would end without finishing the content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Requires payment to complete the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was great but I can't continue it because I am from Iran and living there too so I can't pay and enroll next courses :(It was just like a great starter with no purpose for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is helpful but incomplete. It does not mention dashes and colons. It also misrepresents the usage of semicolons. I have seen the idea of using a semicolon followed by a transition word taught before, but I do not think I have ever seen it done in published writing in my entire life. It strikes me as being pretentious, something to be discouraged.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
need more material.. course is too simpleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good start, but I wish the assignments were a little bit harder.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great explanation of punctuation rules. However, upgrade costs too much given the amount of materials covered and its complexity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course. Interesting tips and summaries. Very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course with some interesting resources. Most of the practice resources use Flash and one of the assignment submissions is inconsistent with the other submission formats. The content of the course itself is 4.5 stars. For me there is one element that I wish had an explanation or somewhere to ask about it. Instead I'll need to search the internet for an answer and hope what I find is correct!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the lessons aren't clear enough to followThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Review comments:What I learn most form this course is parallel structure and sentence variety lessons in Week 4.[Parallel Structure]It uses some conjunctions like and, but, both....and..., not only...but also...[Sentence Variety]Use the different 4 types English sentence style, simple, compound, complex and compound-complex to enrich your writing. In addition, adverbs, prepositional phrases (like in the morning), other transitions (furthermore) could be used to create variety. At last, combining the short sentences, medium sentences (10-15 words) and long ones (20-40 words) will also make your writing alive. Some other tips will also help like repeating key nouns, using synonyms, saying things in different ways.- Use different sentence types- Start sentence differently- Use different sentence lengths- Use synonyms effectivelyConsidering sentence variety will be the last step when you revise your essay, so do not do it in the begining.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well structured, but most of the features in the exercises' pages were not working properly. I tried to access them via both my computer (macbook) and mobile phone, but in some cases I could not even complete the exercise or check the answers...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course, In the last lesson miss more examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for a starter.Thank you professor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very useful and the information taught are well presentedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, although no proctor or supervision at all. No place to go for questions or help.Please be aware this is primarily designed for non-native english speakers. This was not clear to me when I joined. And although the content is thorough, it is dull and the assignments uninspiring.If you want to know more about grammar, good (be sure to bone up through, because she assumes a lot about what you might remember from high school and for those of us over 40 ... hmmm).If you want to feel inspired to write something of value and interest to yourself or others, not so good.Over all I would not recommend this course or series of courses. And would suggest seeking out a course that has some kind of proctor or supervisory help available.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this is a good review for someone who has the basic in English grammar; however, if you're an ESL student or English-speaking person (who need to start over in grammar).Study first before starting this course.A lot of the feedback in the forum, I found to be poor except when it came from an English-speaking person.You get a lot of: " OK, Great, etc..", no real feedback.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I couldn't finish it without purchasing it, in spite of active participation and high scores on all the assignments I had access to.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was overall, alright. All of the group assignments killed it for me, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Course for examining some English Grammar closelyThe course breaks down some aspects of English grammar and punctuation very nicely and has relevant practice exercises.I wish the course covered a slightly wider variety of topics or went into slightly more depth of explanation. The title "grammar and punctuation" is misleading in that only a few topics are covered. However, I believe someone learning English or reviewing academic writing would definitely benefit from going through this course. I am a native speaker, and I certainly learned a few things. :)Thank you Professor, TA's and Coursera!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information was quite was good, but the practice and assignments were too easy. Thanks for providing full explanations and a set of in-video examples for every rule.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is very nice course, and improve my english writting styleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A solid course for those who require a refresher on certain grammar rules. But, in my opinion, the course should go deeper in the different parts of the English grammar. For example, what are gerunds or infinitives? Still a good course though! I really enjoyed the teacher, as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good clear examination of basic punctuation and grammar. The lectures are well presented and the exercises useful. The element which really doesn't work is the peer assessment or review. This seems intended to replace forum discussions but it is not a good substitute (and there are no forums).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are really boring, however the course is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is helpful and I have learned quite a bit about punctuation and sentence structures.However, while things like tense are important, to be able to differentiate 12 tenses contributes relatively little to typical academic writing. Rather, I have had trouble with seemingly simple questions such as when to use past tense and when to use present tense in a literature review. But these aspects are probably the most useful when it comes to pracital writing. It would be helpful if these issues are addressed.Also, the use of articles is a common weakness for a lot of students (to "the" or not to "the"). It is helpful to include this component too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had a good time learning new things which are generally not told in your academics.Thanks to UCI for offering it. Best wishes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think Punctuacion is the main topicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked some more depth in the course. While the course name says "punctuation", it deals only with commas and to a small extent, with semicolons. The assignments and practice exercises need to be tougher. Also, given that this course is taken by students from all over the globe, it should mention that the "serial comma" is not mandatory in all writing styles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good way to go back to the basicsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Short course.Please add more content to it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is well worth a student's time and effort. There are excellent presentations by the professor, but in it's current format the course is too short for the amount of technical knowledge implicit in the material. In addition, the quizzes are poorly written. Some questions are asked at the end of modules when the subject of the question is not even introduced until the following module. Further, for some questions the right answer is either not given in the choices presented or the grading protocol doesn't recognize the correct answer. Some questions ask what answer is "most correct" which implies that there is a strong element of subjective judgement involved in its formulation. The student is allowed only one attempt at a quiz every 8 hours, where many other Coursera courses allow 3 attempts every 8 hours, which is more conducive learning and retaining the material due to the instant feedback. Finally, there are several "NOT" or 'opposite answer' questions which are valid but confusing, so the student must be careful when answering.Recommendations: 1. Add at least three more sessions to the class and spread the technical material out over more sessions. 2. Rewrite the quiz question set to clarify what you are asking, and make certain the material was covered in the module you are assessing. 3. Don't use 'what is the best answer' ("most correct") type questions, they are ALL too subjective to be fair. 4. Recheck the grading protocol to make certain it is properly evaluating the answers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would make it a 5 but this course will not list on my "completed courses" and that annoys me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the information provided by the course is good, I do find it a bit difficult to listen to the videos. In truth, I typically read through the transcripts instead of watching them. I understand the the professor is attempting to provide an interesting and engaging experience, but I end up feeling as though I'm being talked to like I'm a child.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm only rating this course 3 stars because it's just too easy. The information is good (what there is of it) and is presented well. It's just that the amount of effort needed to pass is minimal.For example, the fifth week had fewer assignments than the previous weeks, and the six week was only a quick review.The problem I have with these courses being so easy is that online courses already suffer from the widespread view that they're not as valuable as a "real" in-person course. So, when yet another one of these online courses is incredibly easy to pass, it only adds fuel to those people's arguments and reduces the overall value of the certificate of completion.I want my certificate to mean something. Please stop watering down these courses! Ditch the pay you pass mentality. Include more material to read. Make the tests longer and more difficult. Because, as they are, they don't even compare in difficulty to the junior college courses, much less the university courses, I've taken in the past.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty basic stuff but you have to take it to advance to presumably more interesting materialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was interesting information in the class, but the peer review questions were not well developed to stimulate thought and new ideas. Many of the answers I read were just repetitions of what was learned in class. I think the objectives and expectations could have been more clearly communicated and the statement themselves better thought out. I also did not find the peer review process to be that productive as a grading tool. The parameters for grading were extremely simple and the feed back was quite subjective from students that did not understand the assignments.While I learned some useful information, I won't continue with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are issues with submitting assignments (failure to process submission in Coursera).Peer reviews may not be the best solution, as we have to wait a long time for our work to be reviewed!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class is very easy. It is a decent introduction, but has very little content. It is clearly made to be accessible to people from all around the world, and takes the content very slowly. The test questions ask you to recite information from the video lectures and reading, rather than thinking critically. It seems like they are just trying to make sure you watched/read the content and understood it, rather than making sure you acquired the knowledge. I guess it would be hard to grade essay questions in a class this big, but the content could go a little faster.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would give it 5 stars but , staff really needs to start reviewing assignments because there are a couple of bad apples copying the work of other students. We work hard and should not have our work plagiarized, but since it is peer review and not teacher graded, they get away with it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought the course was good although some of the material a bit basic but it definitely will help with my teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is great, but the course lacks support from the staff. It is also too easy to pass. I hope the reason for this is because the course was introductory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is really a start in the field. If you already have teaching experience you will get much more from the conversations in the forums than from the lectures. And if you have very little teaching experience or are interested in the field, it will give you a clear overview.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class felt a bit elementary . . . but it had some good material as well. I would appreciate a bit less overacting and goofiness (which actually praised in the course) and have a bit more academic material. In one of the videos, the professor suggested that teaching should be slightly above the student's level but not too high. This course seemed to be a bit lower than my level (but I have taken education courses in the past).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
content is good but its not made interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Firstly i think for a coursera course it is not Long enough at all. There are not enough assignments which motivate studying and fixing the newly learned things in the memory. There are neither required nor recommended readings at all. For me reading is a very good Addition to the Videos so that you can slowly think about the thoughts and arguments. Especially in a topic which is undoubtly very controversal in public as in academia like especially the history of Israel and Palestine from the 30s onwards it is important to give different narratives of history to the students. There are no narratives critical to british colonialism at all mentioned, instead of the White paper of 1939. After all the course represents a very one sided an biased narrative which is presented to a global audience of students. Even if a certain narrative is preferred by the teaching scholars, which is completely acceptable and natural, not just in the field of history, it nevertheless is important to cover different narratives fairly and as neutral as possible, which does not happen in this course. When mentioned other narratives are quickly downplayed or denied, and repeatedly dichotomies like the "inferior" arabs, the "ferocity" of the arab oposition and so on are mentioned or cited without beeing problematized at all. Nevertheless the Course was a reminder of many Things I learned before, and brings up some interesting historic connections and key points.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, concise course.The reason I didn't give it a higher rating is because I found it difficult (not impossible) to follow some of professor Eyal Naveh speach. His first language is not English, so I do not expect him to speak perfect English. However, I would expect the subtitles/transcript not to have basic mistakes. This became important when professor Naveb interview another person in Hebrew, as I found I could not really trust the subtitles.I think it wouldn't take much to make it an excellent course.My cheeky suggestion is to have a specialisation with The Emergence of the Modern Middle East by Professor Asher Susser as nucleus and a series of shorter, more in depth courses on certain of the bigger countries, such as Egypt, Turkey and Iran, similar to this one on Israel.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really enjoyed the information and perspective from the course. The only issue is that everything is from the Israeli point of view - the course would benefit from some discussion/inclusion from other perspectives. Still, it gave me a good background on the issues, and I would take more classes from the same institution.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In the end it is a good course. The videos might seem short, but are filled with tons of information. It has guest professors who were very interesting, and I hope they could have give their perspective on the subjects as well.There is no reading material, which is kinda sad. And it's naturally a little partial in favor to jews, but that's only natural. Prof. Susser, though, seems a lot more objective.I thank very much the professors for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Should have talked about how German and other European industries used forced labour for their benefit. Siemens is still involved in lawsuits about this and is on the news now.Please also talk about IBM's involvement in helping Nazi's with punch cards to help organise the millions of jews and other races they murderedArt theft is something thats really interesting that was not touched upon. THe german govt is now providing subsidies to art owners who wish to examine the provenance of the art they own so that it can be returned to the heirs of the rightful ownersInvolvement of Swiss (while being neutral) in banking and financial support to Nazis and exploitation of Jews is something that missing here. Numbered accounts were created to help jews send their money abroad without being detected, but their heirs could never get the money backThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an amazing, interesting course! I never thought that learning about Hitler and the origins of the Holocaust would become an interest, but it's really great! And the teacher/professor explains it so well!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had a great and much needed introduction.Tiffany B.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I watched all the videos, but did not do the coursework.I was a total beginner on the subject. The videos were very well made, and quite nice to watch.However, I feel like the material was a bit too easy for my taste. I would have enjoyed a course that delved into "harder things".For someone who doesn't like as much "hard challenges" as I do, I do think that this course is a nice introduction to the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Though at a high level but I did like the contents and the deliver format which is easy to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am from China.I think the courses is easy for a senior high school students. The vidio is too long.it is better to make it short.At all,thank you for your wonderful teaching!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is more like a brief to "how to design and launch a product into the market" with a case study of an app targeting to aged population. I even felt like I was watching its commercial sometimes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
At the first time it was a very usefull course in terms of knowing how we can improve life quality of this population in particular, but, at the end the course it turned into another perspective that for me does not met all the objectives previously exposedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Enjoyed this course less than the other courses in the series. Needs to be refreshed and updated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Doesn't provide as much of an in-depth info as I was expecting, but its a good course to get you started with hybrid app development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of outdated information. A lot of mistakes. But still a good way to understand the basics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It´s a very good course, but when we get to the part of really generating the app, I had a lot of problems that were not covered in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite comprehensive, entertaining course. Unfortunately, not being able to submit the assignments without paying a fee is rather offputting - Especially taking into account we're talking about peer-to-peer reviewsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a pain installing the necessary tools for this course for me on Linux. Made it a little difficult to keep up.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I got the feeling that we ran through the material and did not spend ample time setting up the testing and understanding the environment. Maybe the course need to be two weeks to cover this properly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an interesting class though the scale of difficulty was very low. I would improve this course by adding more technicalities.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting introduction to the topic. Would be beneficial if the course could be expanded and a formal certificate could be obtained providing credits or official points.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was an interesting course but, at least to me, seemed to lack relevant material I was hoping for. When Addressing the concepts of Ebola, SARS, or the concepts of anti-vaccination the content was vague. But overall I thought the course was very informative on the concepts of how infections can spread and how we can track the movements in order to help control infection rates. I will definitely be going back to rewatch some of these lectures in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course on Infectious diseases; rather broad which includes social and belief perspectives.Good points are: the part on the "social networks" which enable the student in better understanding on the patterns of transmission; the part on agriculture and zoonosis and their impact on infections in humans.Parts where I expected a bit more: the part on the "dynamics", mostly on the SIR framework (I actually I choose to take this course hoping to get a deeper and practical understanding of this type of modeling).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The exams did not explain why the wrong answers are wrong. Even after you succeed a test, I expect an explanation of the questions, and the correct answers. Even if I have a correct answer to a question, I don't know if my reasoning is correct..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that the above course was a little bored. I would like something with more practice and less theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Please put more content. The content is very less.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
LOVED but wish it would have been more in depth and less of an overview of other servicesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The primary lecturer is a little boring. She's quite knowledgeable and presents interesting material, however, she could benefit by animating her presentation style a little bit, so it doesn't sound like she's just reading it out loud.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was rather like conventional classroom teaching in video formats. There was a greater emphasis on programs and practices in the U.S.A. I personally felt the lack of a global perspective on health care informatics practices.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pleasant voice, clear material....but more basic than I expected. Excellent introduction to Informatics but I have encountered a lot of the material in professional work and reading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't enjoy this course as much as the others. Particularly due to the fact that I am only looking for hands on knowledge on how to develop a game and not create a business around it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is too broad and specific to USA.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course tries to address problems that might arise from game development. It's not an approach to the accounting problems, like finances, a game company may have, but mostly an approach to the bureaucratic problems of creating and publishing a game. It also provides knowledge about monetization pratices and publishing pratices, warning the future game developer how a publish may inadvertently "throw a wrench in the works" of game development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wasn't that impressed. I did learn a lot about business types and copyright stuff, but it seemed like the assignments had nothing to do with the course material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Beginner course. Well designed, but not for advanced game developers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information in this course was valuable, but the assignments were poorly integrated with the course. The types of documents assigned were either not covered or barely covered in the course leaving the students to guess what was expected. For one assignment the provided template left off a section required in the grading criteria. The quizes were also poorly tied to the lecture material and some of the questions were ambiguous. There were several quizes were a single wrong answer resulted in having to take the quiz over.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course, but being a professional in the software industry, I know many of the teachings described here. It was still a good refresher to have.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
repeat of the same material and content in multiple videos, the videos were sourced from too many different places leading to 1) decrease of consistent quality and 2) non sequential / logical teaching (each video does not clearly lead to or build on the next one)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good. One more written assignment would have been good (the one in week 2 was great), and perhaps more incentives or reminders to use the forum. Some of the reading seemed rather hard going and academic and theoretical, but the course was good as an intro to issues related to public policy, getting to know the keywords used, and showing the systemic shifts in cities over the last 2 decades towards a more multi stakeholder approach for a more decarbonated economy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an ok introductory course, a compilation of concepts, related to sustainable cities. Mentiones a list of places where one or another practice is implemented. Some educational clips look like they are taken from Youtube or like promo videos for a certain initiative. Some of the "lecturers" are just phd students, introducing their research topics. No step-by-step examples of developed cases are shown.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice but I completed 2nd week before last date...but then also it gave as overdue.. Which is not correctThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be even more details and demanding in terms of content, overall it is a good introduction to the topicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned some creative codings in html 5The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not for ones who can googleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The organization of the lessons sometimes feels out of place.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The syllabus is nice for three weeks course.But you have missed many more important topics like forms etc.please try to include them in future.Anyways , teaching is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the topics. However, i've liked this course to review the concepts of forms and the types associated: radio buttons, combobox, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nothing about new tags and features. It shouldn't be named Introduction to HTML 5. It's just Introduction to HTML.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
PDF Course (Like a school)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course in okay. But if you want to know much more about Html you should take Class on Fullstack Web Development by The Hong Kong university of Science and Technology which I liked more than this. That course is wonderful and interesting too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think It's too little amount of material. It is very shame, that there aren't any exercise after each week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an easy entry for HTML5, I wish it was more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very easy course, i would definitely recommend it to any beginner in HTML.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought the teacher was going waaay too fast.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The weakest part of this coursera - are quizes - full of question, which check detailed facts from lecture instead of testing skillsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction in general.However, more practical exercises are required.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the textbook used in this course provide a lot of useful background to the Internet, it's history and trends...etc All good knowledge. I am not sure it's the best teaching tool for this course. It lacks the structure to build up a solid foundation of HTML. If the course stops here, the text may be a good reference for students to explore on their own. With CSS and javascript later in the series, I felt a stronger (both in depth and coverage) HTML proficiency is needed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course, but recommended only for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I was disappointed that HTML forms weren't discussed, this course provided very solid information. A lot of slide and code typos were distracting though and it felt like the instructor was talking less to me (and more reading from a hidden screen), which dampened the overall experience a bit. But the way the instructor explained the course material was very approachable and easy for a beginner like me to understand. After taking this course, I feel like I'm one step closer to thoroughly understanding HTML5.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have liked an exercise between lessons. Would have liked clearer instructions for final assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clear and very interesting. But I don't think this course is adapted for people who never heard about coding.I liked you speak about accessibility and enjoyed making the quizz. Congrats !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good start but needs more examples within the course and more projects to work onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very simple . assignments are ok. I would prefer it if the assignments would be all applications and programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In the past few years I have taken a number of HTML courses and I know the basics quite well. This is a 'beginner's course' but the final coding project was next to impossible to pass. There was a quiz that would allow you to pass the course without having your code correct. Although my code validated before I submitted it , I got it wrong on the quiz three times and it never did go through correctly!!. I did pass the course with a final grade of 94% but I don't feel confident in my coding ability at all. It would be fine if I had received some feedback showing where the problems were. Without it I have no idea what went wrong. Very frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great videos. Teacher awesome.But the course needs, in order to be better, more practical activities and i got a little bit upset when I worked hard in final project and later I saw that it´s not necessary at all.....Instead, I should just did a final quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very basic introduction. Good for anyone new to HTMLThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
course is too slow and the videos need some correctionsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course probably should be a bit longer to go into more detail on certain things. I have HTML experience, but no HTML5, figured this would be a good beginners course. Felt the final coding assignment was a bit vague as far as instructions and the video. I can use different tags to make the page look similar to the professors layout, and not be exact in what's required.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are looking a general HTML Course, this is for you. This provide general knowledge to create simple web pages, some basic HTML tags and a few practices. My expectation was to have a deeper knowledge of HTML5, spend more time reviewing difference between HTML5 version and the last ones but, I didn't get it, this why I'm giving just 3 startsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good intro to the very basics. emphasis on good standards.not enough in-depth analysis or practices. maybe for the next upcoming series.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good but little bit too fast, and not obvious, i suppose it would be better it was over 6weeks for HTML5 things only.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent introduction. The code submission auto-checker is became a game of getting formatting (whitespace, returns etc) to match perfectly vs. actually submitting working code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class was good. The instructor is great and she is very knowledgeable. I just wish there were more content in the class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course for introducing students to html. it gives a broad intro but you have to take it slowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The most weak part is automatical grading. When structure and semantics are essential, text inside tag is not, guessing if exists space between elements isn't acceptable as well. Also it's difficult to check when long code snippets should be pasted as plan text in short text field. Better to use file uploading with required snippet. For me also not enough accent was on html 5 features with dedicated examples how use new tags and attributes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos were OK, practice quizzes somewhat helpful. However, the final autograder quiz was extremely temperamental and gave no usable feedback. This resulted in frustration and made what should have been a good experience a very bad one.Updated course to three stars since a change was made to be able to pass the final quiz without needing to pass the autograder submission.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be the best course on HTML5, but autograder is a pure nightmare. There's a good chance to fail your final project because of technical issues. So, 5 stars for the content, 0 stars for the autograder, 3 stars as a final mark.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very excellent course for beginners. Hope that the next courses will be at the same level!Two main problems, though: first, the autograder is very bad, should be much more flexible.Second, in my opinion, the homework should be more code-based, just like the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Comparing to "Learn HTML5 from W3C" from edx this course is fairly weak.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hate auto grading. Overall good basic course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course should be a 5 Star course. It is challenging and requires effort. The lectures are well done but not up to the level of the quizzes. The book looks like an abandoned project. The errors and missed references to tables and equations from part one of the book to the other are too many.Having said that, I have never learned so much about a topic. I attempted the problems in the book before I took the quiz. That makes a huge difference. A week covers 2-3 chapters in the book. I started to doing the each chapter's problems before moving on in the week. This made taking the quizzes a lot easier.Overall I am very happy for having taken this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty weak teaching - "maybe you can place objects in this order, or maybe in this order". No any clear logics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have liked to have more assignments and content on imagemaking rather than a focus on making a book. I feel like I got just as much imagemaking experience from the intro to graphic design course offered by Cal Arts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you've completed the first course in this specialization, then this is a repeat of a lot of the same information. I didn't find the teaching style very effective either, though it may work better for others.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the content and enjoyed the process but as this is online course, it should be better designed. The criteria for reviews and assignment direction is probably not too explicit that cause a lot of confusion, and people are submitting very different assignments from one another. It is not easy to grade and hard to understand what is expected. Also it is recommended that you know Adobe Illustrator or InDesign. I actually had to take additional course alongside of this course because although it was not mandatory, it was better to know how to use these software.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content was good but the assignments weren't structured that well. While reviewing I realised some people made very simplistic stuff like me after following instructions, while others with more design experience created really amazing stuff. They should have included some advanced example for demo.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fun course but everything was already covered on the Fundamentals Of Graphic Design Course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course if you are driven and can teach yourself. I like the instructor's approach. I'm giving 3 stars only because I was looking for something more about techniques..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good, although it repeats a lot from the Fundamentals of Graphic Design.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course gave a great opportunity to explore one's creativity, with assignments that didn't require us to have skills in particular types of graphic expression. However, I also found that it didn't give me the richness of principles and techniques that I've found in other courses in this sequence. I expect that, for an in-person course, this instructor gives individualized feedback that provides that content. In a peer review situation, the feedback is quite general and so doesn't take up the slack from the lectures. I suggest that Coursera work with the instructor to retain the current content, but produce much richer lectures that have concepts and principles which students can put into practice even after the course ends.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I did enjoy this course, I found it to be less useful than the first two in the series. I also noticed a lot of repetition from the course before. I think my expectation was to learn more about imagemaking in a digital sense, but I'm still happy overall that I took this course and I can't wait to earn my specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very poor instructions and not enough theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the class is very nice. It gives a nice overview on genetics, and it was made accessible to many of us. Also, Mohamed Noor is very enthusiastic, and provides a lot of nice examples to illustrate the course. However, I think some parts of the class were a little bit dizorganized. For instance, I was sometimes confused by the vocabulary or the variable notations which are not always clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Different, fun approach. Basic science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you have absolutely no foundation of what the basics of business, then this is for you. It's very simple and direct, but make sure to follow this course up with lecture material that goes slightly more in-depth. I recommend U of Penn.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Seemed like pretty basic stuff for the cost of the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good refresher but did not get to know anything new.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very theorical than praticalThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction, but just that an introduction. As they say a Macro-overview.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course very briefly presents large picture concepts of Entrepreneurship without going into a enough detail to provide any major benefit. I would see this being most useful to a person who had only vague ideas of what entrepreneurship entailed overall. The quizzes seemed to focus more on what was said during the lectures rather than what large scale constructs actually define entrepreneurs or processes overall. i.e. questions focused on sentence construction and ordering in a lecture rather than the overall concepts the sentences themselves were expected to convey.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very good at motivating undertake, but need much more to learn how.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information. When you compare this course to others available on Coursera, such as UVA Darden's Design Thinking or University of Maryland courses on Entrepreneurship, this course does not have the same level of information, nor was the same care put into completing the course materials. For instance, the last three or so classes were missing, yet it was still possible to take and pass the final review.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course on the various Ps, legal needs, technology needs and what it means to be Inc. Lacked details on how you go about running a business .. so lets say I wanted to start a business analysis consulting firm besides getting a business number what else do I need to hire people, earn revenue and run the business profitably.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good organization and lecture format, but stressfully strict rubrics on the assignments given the peer review structure.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Prof is a bit dry and need a new wardrobe.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Please unlock solutions in advance of peer reviews so we can grade peer reviews correctly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Unfortunetly I can only give a 3/5. There were more things that I didn't like and think that should be improved.What I liked: Positive to see Illinois keep presenting specializations on Coursera. The material was ok, with clean presentation style. The case studies is a very positive resource to have in the course to think critically.What I didn't like: The course is excessivelly short, with only 30-40 minutes of videos per module. Previous courses in both specialization - digital marketing and improving videos have at least 1.5 to 3 hours of video materials. A huge gap. Also if I benchmark against the top specializations from Wharton and U. Michigan (Business Foundations, Business Analytics, Leading People and Teams and Finance: Valuation and Investing) all of them pack a 1.5 to 3 hours of video lectures. There is a huge gap. Also I didn't found the quizzes challeging. In a digital world content is king - both in quality and quantity. You have quality, but are missing the quantity. Unfortunetly I see a trend - the other course of the managerial economics specialization also is very short. A minor thing that I also didn't like was the form that the slides were presented. As in previous specializations - in my opinion all of the module slides should be in the readings section in only one document, instead of divided in small pieces per video lecture.I hope that yu accept my critic as constructive because I have liked most of Illinois courses and was very impressed by the quality and extensive set of videos in the Improving Business speciaization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gives a very high level overview of hardware security and does not go into particular details. Understandably, hardware labs are not included in this online course and the only practice is basic boolean and modular algebra.Quality of the media and transcripts can be improved. Sound is very low and noisy in some videos which makes it hard to watch on a mobile device. Some videos seems to be cut of too early and week's 6 videos are out of order, which is annoying.Overall it's an okay overview of the topic for someone who is unlikely to apply it at daily job (e.g. software engineer like myself).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of it wasn't comprehensible. Also, I may have not been well prepared for it. I should have tried to learn of the background required for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The audio can be difficult to understand. Partially because of the Professor's accent and partially because the recording is poor. If you can get past that, it's a good course and the professor knows his stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some good material overall, but the notes are not correctly formatted, tests are not formatted that well, lessons are not that clearly structuredThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great Course, but much too fast pacedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting ideas but not entirely convinced by the concept of 'humility' in this context. Is it really any more than simple openness to new ideas and the possibility of being wrong. That is not really 'humble'/ Smacks at times of academic pretension. You need to follow carefully what is being said - not a course to do while doing something else!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Generally good, but exercises in Week 3 & 4 have not been proofread and are full of mistakes. Too bad.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the resolution of the video is not clear and also audio is not clear, but the contents are goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course materials are great, but the Excel videos and its background audios are poor, it need update to compare with characters videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You need basic understanding of Excel to follow the course. The formulas are interesting andThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course with a lot of information. Some of it will be useful going forward, if I can remember it all!However, it's almost too much information for one course, I think it should be 2-3 courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material was useful, and I learned a lot, but some of the specific lessons were presented in a confusing manner and it seemed like there was an overall lack of quality control (typos, missing videos, material presented in a confusing manner). As a PwC employee, I felt that with greater attention to the quality of the materials/lessons, this course could have presented the firm in a better light.More specifically, in those videos where the instructor typed out formulas for the first time, this could have been done more slowly and using magnification. This would make it very obvious how the formulas were being constructed. As it was, I found myself frequently rewinding and squinting at the screen.All that being said, however, I did feel that the course benefited me significantly, and I plan to leverage this knowledge in my work for PwC.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting and I'm sure it will be very useful for me. I am now able to use vlookup, iferror, subtotal, and more. However, I found the Week2 project a bit confusing even though I was able to solve it. I admit, I took a loot few times at the answers just to get my head around it and to understand the formulas and how to use them. I even used "evaluate formula", F2, trace Dependents/Precedents to understand how it has to work.I would advise you to rewrite the question and to make it clearer whats required. Tips are also not needed and misleading. Also during the course itself it would be nice to show us how to combine several formulas into one line - I had a bit of difficulties with that. Lets not forget that if it's pure math we can follow PEMDAS, however when we have text formulas it's a bit confusing. (i.e. why start with iferror and not find/left/right, etc). I would be happy to discuss in further details :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent Course for someone not much exposed to Excel. Pretty Basic information but exercises are good and challenging. Could have been better with more practical approach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned a lot but there are definitely errors in the course material and a entire missing video. The course needs to be updated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercises need to be reviewed and corrected as they contain many typos and inconsistencies in- not at PwC standard!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was great but there were some quality issues; such as incomplete instructions in week 3 quizzes and some errors in numbers. And the formula bars in the videos (i.e. formulas within the spreadsheets) were immensely small and we could not see the formulas therein. Participants raised this several times in the discussion forum but there was no response from the instructors. Though the course content itself was excellent, the rating is because of the issues mentioned. Otherwise the course was great and I would recommend it to others for the knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material, ,but VERY sloppy in MS Excel handouts. Lot's of mistakes which confused the student. Please do better job of QA before posting these documents.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It helped me to recollect the some areas of ExcThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting approach, but I expected more useful information on gastronomyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting topic and good presentation. I took the noncredit option and this was the first course I've taken at Coursera (including Duke) that did not allow me to get answers to quizzes I wanted to take (so I stopped taking them and feel I learned less). In lesson 2.7 (I think) where an in-lesson quiz was offered that asked me to choose between A, B, C, or D the visual disappeared so that I was hindered when presented with the questions to answer. A typo (its vs. it's) I noticed in a later lesson graphic (maybe lesson 6 somewhere). Anyway, thanks for the opportunity to learn about my brain and space.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an interesting course, and some of the advices that have been given are quite useful. But I suppose it has no great impact on my lifestyle, as I have enough activity already. But for those who have really sedentary way of life is very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion, the course is too basic. Many things looks like teaching 5-years old children by serious professors.But the material is given as natural as possible and milestones are clear and understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Provides good tips for how to incThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very basic course, suited for those who are getting started on physical activity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well done course. I would have hoped for a little more inspiration and diverse practical ideas. I'd also like the course would more specifically envision a great variety of target audiences.The beginnings are good! Room to spice it up!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not very motivational but nice,The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was ok, rather basic really, but I suppose that is what some people need.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a motivational course, but it's not very extensive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros: Really motivating!Cons: Not much real content even for a beginner, too short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thinks it only happens to me. I found things are a little unorganized for me who doesn't speak English as mother tongue. But the videos and quizzes help me a lot to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course design is pretty uneven in pace, engagement and expectation setting. The interactive segments could be better. Also, the core content feels like a hodge-podge of different sources thrown together to support the Professor's lexicon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quiet good introduction with clear objectives.Some step by step explanations could be shortened because they seem too detailed.A brief introduction to creating your own data could be great and will cover more stepsBy hte way, thanks for this good introductionThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course and the content was great, but the grading process was terrible. Will probably finish the specialization, but wish there was a better way to be graded for the money.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very well presented. Unfortunately I think the order was a bit strange. We focused on data analysis instead of basics of data generation. In an introductory course I would have liked to see a bit more what different data looks like. Vectors, rasters, etc.Some of us live and work in countries that don't have a lot of data (I'm a South African and I work in Malaysia... California, the Karroo, and Borneo have different amounts of information available). We're not learning GIS to analyse data because we don't have much data available. We're building the data...We spent too much time on rivers/watersheds. I get that hydrology is Nick's field but some us will work with cities, or population, or roads, planning farmlands - a bit of variety would be nice.The data should not be available off the Coursera page - we should have to get it off the internet so we get familiar with public data resources. The websites should have the broadest data - good regardless of what country you're in.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a good introduction to Health Informatics and medical standards. I was searching for more information about FHIR but it was great anyway.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course from a high level overview perspective. I was interested in a more technical course related to FHIR and it's application in the industry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a good course for starters. I was looking for more hands on FHIR when i took this course. I would be delighted to join a hands on FHIR courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative but at times too technicalThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Inappropriate rating was done for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nowhere near as useful as the first two courses. The assignment did not feel particularly relevant to the bulk of the course materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Whilst the material in the course is fine (although repetitious in places), the pacing is fairly poor.Ultimately, there are three things covered by this course: a brief overview of remote sensing, hands-on raster classification and hands-on work with Model Builder work (using hydrology as an example framework). These then combine into the final submitted assignment. Many of the remaining lecture topics don't particularly link in to anything you'll be doing and are just "for interest's sake". Also, a lot of time is spent on the more intuitive aspects of Model Builder, but little to none is allotted to troubleshooting and the less intuitive aspects (for example, how to incorporate variables throughout a model or other issues with generalising a custom tool built within Model Builder).If taking the course, be aware that the final submitted assignment requires formulating your own research question and unless you're already working in the field, can necessitate a significant amount of literature review for even the given example research questions. The gap in expectations and assistance is more of a chasm.Unless you have the better part of a week free to commit to the course, it is advised that you skip ahead to the final assignment immediately and spread it over the full four weeks, spending the first week formulating the question, the second producing the classified raster and the third the model builder model, including any research necessary for this step. This gives the last week to produce products for submission or continue the work from the third week.Hopefully in upcoming repeat sessions of the course, pacing will be improved, the grading rubric provided before final submission for the sake of transparency and clarity, and a little more guidance and actual feedback available in the forums, which are largely deserted at this point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected something a little more faced paced from Berklee. But it was still good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really basic but the instructor is good. I liked the idea to submit the exercises and count on other students to review it, however, its a little bit annoying the exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The tasks are easy to perform. An advanced course , which also requires scores is needed. The revisions are not made by the tutor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would have been good to have more assignments using more complex songs and asking for students to try soloing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
About: First Lessons contain some Interface/Questionnaire errors.Hi, I reckon it's a tad too early to rate this course since it is only going to start - but I didn't see another option to contact the Course Administrator other than trough the rating process.When going through the introduction of this course, there were multiple errors in the Quizzes/Q&A's. EG: On a question with 1 correct answer, the solution page would also show the clearly wrong answers as "correct" (or "correct, well done"). There were several examples like this. It was only a bit confusing at start (this is my very first course on Coursera, maybe it's common thing to happen.)There was also no option in these videos to thumb-up or -down vote, or to report a problem, like I had seen on other courses.In my opinion the videos were well spoken and easy to understand, and they included everything one could think of when first considering to start playing the guitar. Only the beginning of the first video had a slight feeling of "Ok, I'm a bit annoyed to do this now" but that could easily be a misinterpretation or a strategy to capture interest. ;-)I do believe it's a good thing that T. shows all the possible extra's one can buy for a guitar, half of which no guitar player I know owns and which, all together would cost almost as much a beginner guitar, but I believe he omitted that guitar strings generally live longer when you clean the strings with a cloth where you touched them after playing. That's a good maintenance practice if you cannot afford to buy 2 sets of strings every month.Maybe a good addition would be that guitars/instruments can also be rented for relatively cheap, instead of having to spend 500-1000 before even knowing what to look (listen) for when buying a guitar.To me the questions until now were a bit too easy but that's Ok. I might be studying with people half my age so that's fine. Especially the first questions should not be frightening but at least tickle your brain "a little bit" instead of just repeating a word from the video.Thank you very much for your consideration. I look forward to study with you (all) !Sincerely, Xavier WeydertThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some excellent insights, albeit a bit too superficial in my view. Would have loved to see some concepts explored more in depthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really interesting, but it need a content review. Several - roughly 50% - of the links for external contents, especially when they are from newspapers, are broken.That considered, it was a fascinating journey.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quizes and tests had trivial answers, almost all could have been answered without watching the videos. More additional resources and a block on adult transgender persons, rather than just a couple of token transgender adults who are Stanford professors, would be nice. The videos were good, especially the ones involving children. The videos with professors were decent but could have been better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a great introductory course for the Health of Transgendered youths. Many intersections such as, socio-economic factors, race, geography, or access issues are not addressed which heavily impact this community and possible families that are disenfranchised by these disparities.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
relative low efficiency to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More timely and relevant text material would have greatly helped in broadening our understanding. Basic and easy for beginners to grasp.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course; but the class do not contributedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Yeah, this course is REALLY different from other MOOCs. I wonder if I can learn anything from a course that contains such little content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is alright but several people take advantage of the lax review criteria to submit one letter reviews. Better grading system would be good. Material is all fine.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would love to see this interesting lightweight introduction grow into a solid university level course with more reading, weekly added content, tests, academic discussions and a proactive moderator at the forum.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting online course as introduction with brief concepts and definitions on diplomacy, its role, influence and interaction in the modern world. Recommend others to attend this online course to gain required intro knowledge on diplomacy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a great experience! Definitely gained more knowledge about diplomacy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
PROSGreat explanations by the instructor. Easy to understand course- with real world examples.CONSPacing was too slow.Too simple and easy for the 5 weeks of coursework in my opinion. Several harder concepts could be covered in the time that the course ran. Problems were also very simple and not very challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite confusing if you do not have a background already in accounting. The information in the course content does not match up with the quizzes. Great experience but a little lacking on the details needed to pass the quizzes each week....especially weekThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great content- videos and assignments were fantastic.Little partecipation and interaction with staff and other partecipants makes the course lose a lot of its attractiveness- most of the concepts are not rocket science and one would really benefit from confrontation with other students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Jumping through the abbreviations, sometimes forgetting to mention what it is at all. Also the second professor was to difficult to uThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my humble opinion it is necessary to review some points in this module:1) Video Content: Making more dynamic, switch between explanations and slides in full screen. Only explanations, it is very tiring to attend the classes. The video would be ideal as shown in week 4 of this Mooc: How the hotel shouldnt work with Expedia? or video: How to hotel shouldnt work with Booking.com?2) Analysis requested: In the first week the requested analysis was of a very high level, it required knowledge of financial analysis and hotel area. In my case, I felt much difficulty because I do not have any knowledge in the hotel industry. And analyzing the exercise, I realized it was necessary to have knowledge of financial ratios of profitability and a certain familiarity in the hotel industry. I left a comment on the discussion board stating that I was not feeling safe to do the exercise. However, there was no demonstration by the teachers of the course.In short, I was not feeling prepared, let alone analyze colleagues. The first time, did not get the minimum score. The second time, with the longest time, I could better perform the exercise. But rather it was the result of review of financial ratios and other other accessories. I realized that those who examined me in the first and second time, had little or no idea about financial analysis. And another point that struck me was that one of the people who fell for me to analyze, was all in white and the person apologized for failing to do. With nothing to analyze, I did not think fair to give a low rating, so I preferred not to analyze. If the person left blank, something needs to be revised.When mounting a course, you have to take into consideration that there are different levels of students: beginner, intermediate and advanced in the subject matter.The first week was not to have been given is analysis. It could have been the third or fourth week of this Mooc, so it would have time for a further deepening of the matter addressed.3) Amount of content: Adding the video, quiz and analysis, are about 30 content. It is very tiring and little time for such content. Could decrease the amount of video and quiz, relocating to another week course or Mooc.4) Feedback: Teachers need to leave a contact way (facebook, twitter, etc.) and be active in Coursera forum or leave a wizard to ask questions when needed.5) Notes: He missed the weight of the notes. I found a little confusing the allocation of notes.6) Curriculum: Missed curriculum (biography) of teachers. No contact information.7) Books: Missed suggestions of books in the hotel industry.Anyway, these are only observed points in order to contribute to development of course. Thanks for listening.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course was not unto the standard i even completed all the assignment i did not pass one and still i got time to redo the assignment and submitted and never got the grade back for it..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course. But here is the issue, in mini-exams there are very hard questions. I'm passing them anyway but there must not be question those are not described in videos and in original papers. Of course there must be guessing questions too but not too much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really like the visiting writer seminars -- they were the best partThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Course itself is fun. The videos are enjoyable. The subject matter is great. However the quizzes are way to hard. They ask to many questions with multiple answers and the online student is expected to know so much more materials that is probably taught in the actual class, and does not have access to. For that it becomes frustrating. Especially that the material is not easy to digest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week 4 - too much of materials, and test questions does not match the textThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The tutoring quality are over the top teaching with well done mentoring and high quality materials. But I felt a lack of coverage of other graphic design of other cultures such as other countries where many ideas were born. ie: Africa and Asia.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course being concentrated exclusively on the design ideas of United States, it's quite literally "some ideas from the history of graphic design". Some of the choices for the contents of the course were, from the continental point of view, rather odd, though that did not make them any less interesting. As a summary: the course was interesting enough to be passed through.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice introductory course.However, I found the latter half of the course too skewed towards the USA.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course but also very technical. I'd rather say it is not made for someone who has no basics in 'advanced' mathematics. Nevertheless, I have learnt many useful things and I have now a great outlook on the asset management world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course overall. However it does not go deep enough into its topic. Would have been nice to have more challenging excel exercices.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course topics are great and I have to admit that I learned a lot during this course. The provided materials are good, but in my opinion sometimes not enough to be able to answer some of the questions in the tests. I had to spend some time researching the web to work out some of the problems. This per se is definitely not bad (it rather resembles real life), but all the other courses I have taken on Coursera and other platforms provide enough material and/or explanations to be able to work out all the problems without needing to look it up somewhere else.The problem-solving issue also has to do, to a certain extent, with the formulation both of some questions and answers, which in some cases can be understood in different ways because a key word is missing or is wrong, usually prepositions. I am aware of the fact that the course creators are not native English speakers, but, when formulating questions and answers, they should take the time to check their formulations for grammar and correctness (I am sure there would be no mistakes if the course were in French :) ).I posted a couple of questions on the forums and, sadly, never received an answer. Neither from fellow students, nor from the course moderators. Certainly the fellow students do not have any obligation to reply to questions, and I usually would say the course moderators don't either. But I am paying for this certificate and I therefore expect some kind of support. I am sure the course moderators are very busy and do not have time to be browsing around the question forums every day, but so am I. And taking a look in the forums once a week or so wouldn't hurt. Let me also point out, that the 2 questions I posted are THE ONLY questions in the forums, so it's not as if the moderators would be overwhelmed by the amount of questions posted. After my second question, I knew I was all by myself. From other courses I know that course moderators chime in once in a while on questions that have not been answered by fellow students and when no fellow student seems to be able to find or provide a correct answer.The course is good, and you will learn a lot. If it weren't for the lack of support in the forums, I would give it 4 or maybe even 5 stars, depending on the responses I would receive.Either way, enjoy the course!! I really did, even if it may not sound like it :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful. However this course was very complicated and had way too much math for my taste.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course design and objective of the course is good but the assignments were of sub-standard and can be really worked out to be better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's more or less a repetition of what you've learned in all the courses, tying four peer-reviewed assignments together into a somewhat contrived "project". Not bad, but doesn't really add much value to the courses before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good general change management strategies as they relate to a complex health care environmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good, but I would be happy to see more videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much emphasis on irrelevant fact-repeating (eg date a convention was signed) rather than content and implications of the content for practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The scope of the course is really limited, and that is fine for super-introductory courses like this one, but all the emotional attachments aside, looking only into one city's tribunals is questionable from the methodological point of view.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic introduction to financial markets.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This has been a wonderful course. It not only equips one with financial knowledge for the corporate world but on a personal level. I believe that through this course, I have placed in a better position to make sound investment decisions. The course is worth repeatingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to finance but it's just a starting point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures were informative. This course is a must if one wants to understand the reasoning behind the creation of certain institutions and instruments. The quizzes were dull and basic stuff. They were just kept to test the attentiveness of the student during the lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The questions asked in the tests could have been better. Design questions based on application rather than memory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are often superfluous and the professor keeps jumping from subject to subject. From the mathematical side, the course is also rather shallow. Half of the first week quiz verifies knowledge that in my opinion has no practical importance (not something to remember).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Robert Schiller has given a good start to understand financial markets which the course provided are informative. Coursera is a great place to learn different subjects without borders.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It looks like a (notsogood) synthetis of the course available on Yale websiteThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Due to the course having been compiled from Prof. Shiller's regular lectures and short videos added later specifically for Coursera, the course in overall seems ragged and lacking an encompassing narrative. Chunks of lectures appear missing, with things appearing on the blackboard between the video sequences and several "previously we talked about X" when X wasn't mentioned in the online course at all.Disregarding that, it's still a useful and enlightening course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course and good explanation by Prof.Shiller but a lot of videos were edited like a few parts of the video were deleted. Also I felt like Prof.Shiller sometimes did not explain all the concepts to the full extent which I felt made it a bit difficult for a beginner like me to fully understand what he was teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting insights by Professor Shiller, but the course is set at an overly beginners levelThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are amazing, but I wish we have a lot more involved homework than the short quizzes. If there were more research questions or problem solving homeworks that demonstrate deeply the understanding of the subjects that would have been great. The current quizzes are very trivial and doesn't test the understanding of the material only the fact that you actually went through the lectures even if quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Financial Markets provided good information on the landscape of finance, mostly referring to USA. If you're from elsewhere (Canada), this course would not really apply. Some of Robert Shiller's ideas were unclear or lost as he was not the best communicator but his passion for finance was evident. The guest speakers, although high profile, were not the best choices, also because of issues with public speaking and generally getting ideas across. I expected more math involved for a course like this but Shiller rather provided more of a historical account of finance. Overall, it is a course worth taking if you're looking for a good overview of finance, how the industry works and how it became that way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content was great and Prof. Shiller is one of the most important economists of his generation. However, the assessments could have been better structured so as to be more challenging and a better diagnostic tool for learners. See the Wharton School Introduction to Corporate Accounting course for an example of well implemented multiple choice exams.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although Prof. Shiller is a well-known Nobel prize winner, from the first several videos, my study experience is not that good. Prof. Shiller seems not well prepared. It would be more helpful with full use of digital blackboard when talking through the rationales behind finance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very compressed. But its good to have the main themes and then go deeper in each one with other courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall this class was a good starting point for basics of finance, but coming from an Ivy League school it could stand a bit more polish and professionalism, especially if Yale University expects people to pay for the class and their accreditation.The instructor has an odd speech manner which takes a little bit of time to get used to, but doesn't detract from the material.The tests are not difficult but the questions are often poorly phrased, such as questions that ask you what a certain term of art is while none of the answer choices are descriptions of the term of art and the correct answer is an application of the term that does not actually answer the call to question.Most of the videos are cobbled together excerpts from lectures the professor previously gave. As such they cut out randomly, have issues with the sound volume, and often discuss material that was cut out prior to the section or should come later, but never does. Not the biggest problem once you get used to it, because the course is an overview, but it's still kind of annoying and not very professional compared to other courses available.The instructor is clearly very pro-capitalism, which is a mixed bag. On one hand he's very knowledgable and communicates a lot of really good information. On the other hand he's also very clearly biased bordering on utopic about the benefits of capitalism and glossing over a lot of the down side risks that are inherent in finance. To be clear this criticism is not of the Professor, or to say that down side risk and risk management are not sufficiently discussed, but merely that IMHO the course could benefit from more discussion and material on the negative aspects/ramifications of unfettered capitalism, especially given the large amount of time spent discussing the 2008 recession.All that being said, I learned a lot from this course and found it very interesting and informative. While I have a prior basis in the material that helped, I learned a lot of new things and still came away with a better understanding of finance and the international financial system. I would recommend anyone who wants to expand or create a knowledge basis in finance and financial institutions take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but the video lectures are incomplete. The audience will benefit from seeing the full lecture videos. They can be found here (https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8FB14A2200B87185)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this course is not the full lectures of the original. If starting directly from Week 1, it would be difficult to follow. Then I have to search back on other website,say like www. open. 163.com in China to watch the introduction part.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course to get an introduction into the world of finance and it's multiple faces.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great professor and good content.The biggest problem with this course is the quizzes: not challenging and requires no critical thinking. I was hoping to come into this course doing quizzes that Prof. Shiller gives his Yale students, but I was completely disappointed.Moreover, there are some technical issues with the videos. A lot of them cut off in the middle and I ended up having to go to Youtube to find the full versions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This might be a great course for those who don't have any previous background in Finance/Business.The course will give you a very introductory observations about modern finance. Tests are quite simple, more suitable for high school, probably. No math required. That's a nonsense for a finance course, but still.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good insight into marketing analysis and the use of RThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
assignments could have been a little tougher with more emphasis on coding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Focused a little too much on telephone history, though some was interesting. Perhaps spread out to other modules as short background material.Would have preferred history/overview from Internet age with focus on various protocols/technologies that were introduced (IP, TCP, UDP, MQTT, Thread, Bluetooth, ZigbeeModule 6 made up for its more dynamic and more germane presentation. May be make it the 1st module, with other modules going back for a brief historical overviewThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In itself interesting content, structure was difficult to follow and the history - in my humble view - was going back too far into the past whereas more recent developments where only touched at the surface, quality of slides was poor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course helped me in getting introduced to the IOT space, it is very basic/preliminary in nature but helps in setting up stage/ context for acquiring more knowledge and hands on next sessions of the certification.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fine, but I would give the certificate out for free and charge for the ones that follow in the specialization as an incentive to enroll.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teaching has been concise and to the point which is good but not so good for a few difficult topics. Also I've been experiencing video lag and audio stuttering while streaming the videos so there's that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much useful if you want to learn about IOT but helpful if you want to learn historical development that lead to IOTThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the last module of this course is very interesting and kept with the specialization, the first 5 modules are a waste of time for the most part. Why would I want to learn about AT&T for two weeks? The amount of useful concepts introduced in the first 5 modules won't take more than 15 minutes if unnecessary things were removed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gooed clear presenters. Give a good idea of how connectivity works. Last module was a bit obvious (IoT applications)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a very basic course with little technical overview. The history and story of emergence of internet is described.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
pace is slow. so many video in pieces, and lecturers keep saying like" we will look into more details later" or introduction again and again. I am studying module 2 now, all small lectures like 1 min or 2 mins, which is very shattered, repetitive and annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is informative, but there are many basics that were not covered well & there was a lot of information that was not that interesting (like too much history)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really technical, but a good overview over the past years and even centuries...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great instructors.Lots of historical references and terminology. I would prefer more details about how stuff actually work - in simple layman's terms.Looking forward to the second course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic was interesting , but most of the questions need to be rewritten.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but very introductory. Don't expect to really learn something significant. Easy course. Accent is hard to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i feel this course start is somewhat bored because of teaching is not practical based and better follow udacity website tech for teaching interactivelyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Introductory, not completely relevant to my goals, could be ommitted. Nevertheless, I enjoyed the delivery of the instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This could probably be better broken into two one week courses "History of Phone Technology" and "Intro to IoT". Many reviewers say they bail out in first few lectures because content seems too far removed from IoT. I enjoyed the last few lectures with examples of IoT, but could have skipped the rest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much theory and history in the course, no practical applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much focusing on history of telephony and only little focus on IoT.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a refresher and provides a High Level overview of IoT and its historyas advertisedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While this course is well organized and descriptive, it barely touches the Internet of Things technologies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Reasonable, but slow to come to the essence.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of background information, most of which I was unfamiliar with. Kind of dragged on, but I think it'll ultimately be helpful in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not what I was expecting as part of the program at all. Being more a visual learner I had a very hard time with how the math was covered in this in the course, I need a slide that is specifically V is XXXX, R is XXXX so I have a reference point and I found with most examples given I was having to go back and forth between multiple items and transcripts to gt what I needed. The other thing that I think would have helped me would have been less presenting and maybe a couple of quizzes for knowledge checks vs the pause and think items that were included. I did like Scott's humor, or at least humor attempts overall and I think a live class with him would be better than video. Additionally I felt that the course was a bit out date already, it was recorded in 2015 and I think I would have liked it more if had only been a year behind vs. a year and a half.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ok up to Module 3. Module 4 very convoluted.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some more information regarding the HTML attributes like area controls would have been good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is very backward and needs to be updated though the quiz and project parts were very good and I enjoyed completing the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
no one is here for review my workThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course was super boring and the video lasted so much timeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really a beginner course. I had to complement this course with other JS open source courses only to realise JS is really huge. Additionally, the course requires prior knowledge about HTML and CSS as well and it does not seem to be up to date with newest language versions such as HTML5 and CSS3The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
JS should be more indepth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course is very good. Good explanations.there should have been more assessments in between the videos for the topic that is taught.too much is covered at once.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The javascript was very difficult, I could not complete. Def, for someone who has more javascript uner their belt.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Teacher was great, but I was behind a month just because nobody will grade assigment on week2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned many thing in this course. It will be knowledgeable for all the web base students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was very informative and the material was presented efficiently, however there have been some notable advancements on this subject matter which would have been nice to see covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course is great but i have problem with the assignments as they all have to be in parts and i can't get why we only submit last part as if it is right the others is right also, i didn't like the assignments system in this course but the course and the assignments itself were greatThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos and presentation are fine.The exercises are quite easy and the main problem of the course is that they are review for other students withput any teacher assuring that is right.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is pretty an interesting course, especially the practical tasks, but, after all, it is much better for those who already knows the technologies mentioned in the title. The information is given very quickly during the lectures, so it may be not so useful for web development beginners (even regarding possible background in other areas of software development). That is why I recommend that course for those who is looking for a good HTML, CSS, and JS revision, not introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little bit of more information on the course couldn.'t hurt it!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too easy, please do not repeat the same thing three times, it's just a waste of time and I'm not stupid. It's also too academic and should focus more on how to build real websites.On the bright side, it does give you some basics of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Instead of this course, I would much more recommend following "HTML, CSS, and Javascript for Web Developers" by Yaakov Chaikin from John Hopkins university, it taught me good foundations + tricks and good practices for professional web front end developers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Seemed very basic at the beginning and then got a lot more involved in the last week. I felt there was a lot of code samples to be pulled from, almost so much so that you barely needed to write javascript. More like copy and paste. Class was really easy. I did learn about some major topics of the DOM structure of HTML, so that was great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic the first week, good introduction the second and awesome after the third. 3 starts represent the median valueThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great assignments and bad videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
GOOD BUT NOT A FULL COURSEThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not bad but I think the other courses in this specialization are much betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic course for those who don't have any basic knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
clear and good example but limited contentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good class, professor is very entertaining. Concepts take into account the latest & greatest of HTML & JS. In general, i think a price of $79 is too high for a MOOC class of 3 weeks durationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teaches a lot of important stuff, but a bit fast paced for my liking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
quick intro of html css & js; but not deep enough to get more pro on itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course, maybe with one more week they can cover another js data types or even jquery libThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is great for advanced beginners looking for a refresher in html/css and fully dives into JavaScript. If you are not familiar with JavaScript, I would suggest supplementing this course with another JS course or book because the course moves quickly through concepts most programmers have a hard time mastering. Still if you are a total noob, you should take the course anyway, as the projects emphasis use of form validation and object-oriented programming in JavaScript which is important for any new web developer.Due to the lack of support from the instructor and aides in terms of technical issues, grading, and discussion board input, I gave the course a 3 out of 5. My understanding is that Coursera is working with the instructor to take care of these issues though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
need more engagement and exercises before every week taskThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think your home assignments should be more difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
detailed introduction but I feel sometimes the topic can be a little bit deeper.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
can be more interesting :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
more excercises should be added to the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall it's a good intro if you know nothing or very little about those topics.That said, the class is too slow.Homework is too easy and boring. It's all about following very specific (long) instructions - "put this line of JS here", "create a function called Foo", etc.Grading is done by peers, even though it could be automated. Participation requires running arbitrary JS written by other students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Structured Course that gives beginner to intermediate level expertise. Short course, so there is not much time to give challenging assignments that would prepare you for a job or industry level skill in this topic. The student enrollment was limited (compared to my other courses on Coursera) and hence the discussion forum was not active. There is no TA or instructor participation in discussion forum; hence my advanced questions in forum (intended to learn beyond the course) went unanswered. You can learn this all on internet, but the instructor nicely covered 3 topics in 3 weeks, which is helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class has a lot of good information but I felt as though it was a bit disorganized. There were way too many people taking the class but not enough to grade the assignments. On the plus side I was able to switch to another session of the class while keeping all of my progress so hopefully my assignments will get graded this time around and I'll be able to complete the class. If an auto-grader or a way to ensure that everybody who turns in assignments will get those assignments graded back quickly could be implemented this would be a stellar class. Despite it's faults though I would still recommend it as I did learn a fair amount of HTML, CSS and JS quickly. I look forward to additional classes from this university. Thank you for your efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need to explain more topicsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was some really great information presented, but mixed in with tangential and unimportant sources (I don't care about the fashionable aspects of IoT!!)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some good content however it is too reliant on reading a lot of white papers and articles. Some of the readings are very good, however a number of them are out of date for example 2012 in a space that has already rapidly evolved since then. I would have liked to see more examples of how people are exploring ways to address vulnerabilities and activities for cybersecurityThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the persistent reading of the slides to be a little tedious. A little more interactive activity would have been nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course but for the amount of content provided and how much was taught this course is certainly overpriced...still a good introductory course, teaching very basic stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
better than my other coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a standard overview, the course is fine. However, the lecturer skirts around or hand waves away controversial or difficult subjects, and he's apparently afraid of offending anyone by getting too close to saying "fuck" or "sex" even in an academic setting. Additionally, this course won't introduce anyone to forgotten and erased artists of the past - women are largely absent from his history of rock, even though Janis Joplin and The Supremes didn't come out of nowhere. The quizzes are also too heavy on the trivia - "who published what when" questions rather than critical thinking questions about why or how.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good cource. However more details should have been betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Labs are ok, Lectures lack interaction (just slides presentation) and the monotonous tone and long sentences of the presenter makes it hard to understand and difficult to pick out important points. (IMHO)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
That was a pretty good introduction on how various systems work, together with a nice practical tutorial. However, the delivery has ENORMOUS potential for improvement... for now it's just slides with an extremely impassive voiceover. There are so many good ways to engage with the learner and yet none of them have been employed here. After doing a great Deep Learning course by Google on another platform, this one was a huge disappointment in that regard.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Teacher is not a communicator.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It provides me with exercises to practice but some of the videos explain things awfully or just not at all. Others are good. The discussion boards are helpful. I just wish they didn't talk as much about what something is as opposed to how it works. Many videos often don't show any code or very little which makes understand syntax difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
if you're a somewhat experienced programmer looking to start and hand on learn how to build apps this course is not for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its learning curve is almost vertical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a solid java class that has almost 0 android learning. If you are expecting any kind of Android related learning. you will get none this is 100% a java class that just runs in the android environment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too little detail but nice course as an idea.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Now that I have completed the course I'd like to give some feedback on how I think it was.1. Quizzes are horrible. The fact we get no feedback on incorrect answers is not very helpful. There are only 3 quizzes where I missed just one question but no matter what, I can't get them correct. It would be helpful if there was some explanation why an answer your selected was wrong, a hint or something. Also while some of the quiz answers are obvious from watching the lessons, some are totally not and if someone doesn't have ANY programming experience I think they would find some questions almost impossible to answer. I have a programming background and out of all the quizzes I just missed 1 question on 3 of them, but I've been trying to answer them again, and again, and again and I just can't get them right. If there was feedback after taking a quiz I'm sure it would of helped. For those 3 quizzes, I took them so many times all the other answers are memorized and I just keep trying to get that one right. It's not helpful and then it turns into a "just keep selecting different things until it's right" thing instead of understanding it.2. The course says it's for beginners to programming but I beg to differ. I think the way the material is presented and how the assignments are laid out I do not think someone(or not many people) would have gotten through that Week two ascii assignment. I thought they assignments in some cases were harder than the lessons. Maybe it's because they way they were explained in the lessons which brings me to #33. I do not think the instructors use the best/most clear examples to present the material to students. There are many easier examples to teach about looping than showing an Ascii art example. Because not only does the student have to grasp the concept of loops, then also have to think about ascii print logic. I think to someone with no experience would get pretty lost pretty quickly in this course. Some of the things explained in the lessons I would actually look up other videos of other people explaining it to get a clearer picture.4. Some material is not consistent. Like in some assignments the text is wrong, for the Account code example, you never really mention the mOut or the interface the class uses which are in the example files and what to do with them when you write the other constructors (The course goes over this later when talking about the constructors and calling a constructor from another constructor but not that early on when you're working with the Account example files5. It seems this course really isn't fully developed yet and is still going through it's growing painsOverall, I would say there are many other courses that are far better at teaching the basics of Java. For me, since I do have some Java experience and a programming background it wasn't too bad, But I'm thinking of the guy who has never touched a line of code before. I just don't think the course does a good enough job at explaining things to someone like that.I really hope the next courses in the specialization are better organized than this because starting with the next course because the next ones are more important to me than this course was only because of my prior backgroundThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is nice, lectures is fine.But assignments is a bullshit. The instructions are uncertain, with typos. There is random number used, and you have to do magic with your algorithm in order to match expected output. I strongly dislike it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the course contents, but in my opinion the slides should be more modern, and the main idea in each lesson should get more highlight, and the ideas to retain too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course in general but it could use more exercises and solutions for those exercises. It could be a great course in futureAlso, sometimes it's confusing like you are asked to download code and write it along with the video but the files already (at least partially) contain the code that you should write and it looks quite different from the video.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Actually I like the videos. The school is so dynamic! I love it!Just not that systematic. The structure of this course is kind of loose.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are great. The activities are fine. The final activity needs more structure/scaffolding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Longer than expected. You could move more of the content into the third section and balance the time commitmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good, nice details and the labs are great (although you can do these anytime as they are outside of Coursera). The quizzes could be more challenging. Also should you run into any technical difficulties or have a question that is best answered by an instructor you won't find anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are very dry and not entirely helpful. The labs are well laid out.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Labs are ok, Lectures lack interaction (just slides presentation) and the monotonous tone and long sentences of the presenter makes it hard to understand and difficult to pick out important points.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It could be much better. The experience is old LMS not MOOC like.. There is lack of peer assignment, forum is silent. Lecture is in boring format/tone (to slow), quizzes are boring (single or multiply choice questions - can be solve by tries and errors, open questions are ambiguous).I like content of this course (I learned few new things), but you have to work on form...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If I could give a half star in addition to the 2 given, I would. This was a great course. However it was hard to understand the professors and some of the language that was then in turn translated wasn't quite clear when some accronyms and definitions were a few words off. The lessons taught were great and the knowledge I acquired was exactly what I was looking for, it was just the accents that were hard to decifer. Thank you for this course. I will most likely still take more from IE Business School, but at least will be prepared for printing out the text of the videos instead of stressing over trying to figure out what was said.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was really basic (but 4 weeks - it`s really short period of time for such topic). I think HTML5 and CSS3 courses were better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is quite challenging for beginners. I tried to do the assignment, the code of the assignment are those that i've never learnt before..i only learnt in the forum. Please review so that learners won't be too stress out..Thanks for your kind attention.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a short introduction to JavaScript. Their is some useful information, that is very very interesting and easy to understand, but it is too little to understand JS.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good, but some gaps of information in the middle of the course. It could be better organizedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
VERY small amount of knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very hard and confusing for the beginnerThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good fundamental course. Colleen is a great teacher and I like her unique teaching style and viewpoint.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good for course for beginners in javascript. You need to have some familiarity though with programming in general.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well structured and focused on the front-end as is the idea of the whole web design track. However, for a person with no previous knowledge of basic programming, the assignments would be hardly possible to complete or would require far more hours. The course is strictly focused on JS UI and DOM and should be probably preceded by another course covering javascript basics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While there were many typos in screenshots and code examples, this course has been a tremendous help to me as I reinforced some things I already knew about JavaScript and learned new concepts about the JavaScript language (like coding in events or working with the DOM). I definitely feel like a more confident programmer, even though I do wish the instructor could've explained some things in more detail (like when to use the dot attribute notation over the setAttribute method).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good courser for the beginners, right place to start, and begin where the course ends.THANKS A LOT. especially thanks colleenThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very very basic....needed lots of outside referencing to complete. Needs more material about parsing, semantics and syntactically correct language.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for beginners to get used to the terms of JavaScript and basic working.Unfortunately it's not as good as the HTML and CSS courses in this specialization. The basics are touched upon but I don't feel confident enough to start JavaScript coding on my own yet. More explanation of the concepts is needed as some things are really difficult to understand and you have to search outside the course to understand them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teacher's narrative is pretty clear, easy to follow. good for beginners.But the course content is very simple, somewhat too simple for the course title, it only touches on very very basic of javascript.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was really great and understandable, in my point of view it would have been a bit more challenging, but still a great course, especially thank to Colleen and her great approach!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic, the tasks are pretty plain, course just scrapes the surface without giving any understanding of working with JS, the course "HTML,CSS and JS" by D. Rossiter provides a far better understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very average this time around, not as design focused as the title of the course leads you to believe.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week on NSURLSession and CoreData is ok (but compared to other courses on Coursera - so and so). Everything else - not very good. But anyway, quick dive into swift.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although Parham Aarabi is listed as the professor throughout this specialization, it's a bit of a bait-and-switch. Prof Aarabi is an award-winning professor at U of Toronto, but it turns out he knows little about iOS and has Jack Wu teach most of the material. Jack Wu is probably a heck of a developer but he's a terrible instructor. This class is the best of the three in the specialization because Mike Spears does a pretty good job with the sections he teaches.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is taught too fast!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good but i felt the last two weeks like stuffing content. I'd have like to dig deeper into mobile development instead of wasting time in appleTVThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
once again, brief intro that lacked a lot of how to do it actually, pasting code suddenly wasn't fun at all, but overall, the load was easy to grasp but totally needs more practiceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked this course, but there were a couple of advanced topics (Core Data, WatchOS/TvOS) that I wish we could have more time to spend on. I feel like there wasn't enough time to complete the assignment as we had in the previous courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm quite sure you need a quite strong background in maths to be able to really understand this course, it should have more math lessons, or readings about it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course material is very good but what I believe is that Image processing is a course where only theory isn't sufficient. Programming assignments should have been made important and compulsory part of the course instead of just MCQ quizzes.This is the reason why Andrew Ng's Machine learning on coursera appears very engaging. Whatever they teach in theory has to be implemented as part of programming assignments which makes learning experience wonderful.I hope that you will give due importance to programming assignments from next session.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very tough course, mostly because of the amount of work expected. Learnt a lot but it wasn't fun and the course material needs work in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite disappointed, I thought we'd have something more structured or at least different from the previous courses.The content is here and good, but I was expecting reviews from pro U.X and not student like the previous courses.The good upgrade though is that we have clear examples of submission before we send ours.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week 4 is very bad!Bad quality of video.Bad speaker.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
looks like it has great contents but really hard to finish it , due to video and audio issueIn some lectures , I can't hardly read the blurry syntax and almost impossible to hearThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video quality was so bad, can not see the code clearly. Please update the better video.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While this course, tackled the core problems in dealing with intercultural communication, the videos and case studies were confusing to me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am sorry to say, but I think this course helps me littleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is well presented but painfully slow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough face to camera time, in comparison with the other two modules in this course specialization. For me, that made it harder to recall the information effectively. But a very interesting topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of application that are discussed within the course have been updated, so the tutorials are not longer relevant. This made it challenging to utilize the applications to the full extent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand that it's important to know and get familiar with the tools but in my case I already use hootsuite to share and analyse my content. It was very confusing all the tutorials around the platforms.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course. Felt a little salesy at times, with all the monitoring products features (some which wouldn't work due to changes in UI or incompatibility with my computer). But overall a great overview of monitoring software and the importance of understanding your audience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Honestly- I think the first two classes are very boring. The fact that there is a 60 year old man sitting at a table is the antithesis of what this course should be to be honest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
more of an ad for all of these software companies rather than being taught anything.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the course useful to better ground and assimilate the ideas presented in the first one.But on the other hand, as mentioned by other learners, I do find it a little too much on the commercial side.I did find very interesting to learn to use some of the tools such as Klout. I think that in time, and working in the Social Media department of a company, I would get the chance to see the interest of Lexalytics but I DID NOT understand anything related to Bluemix... I felt it was superfluous in this course.All in all, I did appreciate the course as it made me think more deeply about my goals, but I'm not entirely sure it was worth the €71. I feel it could have been shortened a tad bit and go more to the point.I do look forward to the next course though as I am learning a great deal no matter what :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a very special MOOC since they give great tools but it gets a little bit complicated because at the end, you need a tool that sumarizes rather than teaches you programming. Either way, I believe all the MOOCs are fantastic and necessary. They give great examples!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting content and great softwares/tools. However this second mooc is a bit too much on the commercial side (including VERY pricey softwares that few of us will ever use I guess). Fortunately, the other moocs of the specialization are much much better!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would prefer to learn about less SMM tools more in depth, rather then getting to know so many just briefly. Felt a little bit overwhelmed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked this course, but there is room for improvement.For the assignment where you list keywords and hashtags associated with your target audience using Social Mention, the keyword results are only as good as the search term you use. And there was not much guidance on how to determine that search term. For instance, my target market is comprised of sales and marketing managers in corporate and creative environments. What should I search for to find out what they are talking about? I truly don't know. I took a guess and completed the assignment, but it would be helpful to understand the strategy for using social mention successfully.Secondly, the IBM Blue Mix section did not work. I signed up (using my Coursera email) but never received a confirmation email. I checked my spam folder. I created a support ticket through IBM and received support emails, but never got the confirmation email. They re-sent it several times but it never came through. Viewing the discussions, I was not the only one this happened to. And I had stopped watching the videos because I thought I needed that access to finish the course. Getting that straightened out would be a huge improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much basic stuff about Twitter and how everything works in detail. Could be more advanced.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found it was very interesting, for sure, but maybe too focused some times. Also, it seems good for listening to twitter, for example, but not other social medias that could be much more interesting in different situations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the assignment, and the course... for the most part. What I didn't care for was so much time being spent on the IBM BlueMix and other software tutorials. I don't really see the value in those software, and it felt very sales pitch-y. I can't imagine using them in my day to day, so it just felt like a waste of time. But I did like all other aspects of this course, including the Taco Bell insight, as well as the details on Social Mention and the other free web applications that is more pertinent to future social work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the monitoring tools a bit difficult to grasp in the time frame.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
instructor is just reading out slides hence, it's not that exciting to watch the lectures. Just can read through slides to complete itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction, but not enough details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information was useful. Particularly the one regarding AR. Though I believe it was too generic in some issues and too technical in some issues without explaining more or less what was meant (e.g. when talking about the maths behind AR)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
one AR lecture is 20 minutes, nearly fell asleep...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to understand and better with technological knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good overview of the subject.great for introduction to the domain and understand what and how...migth not be enough if you want to go deep into itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materials of the course are very good, and the presentation is of high quality.A drawback is the lecturer seams follows too close to the slides, so that he looks like reading the written words only.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would help if there are case studies, practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Slide show with good information about the domain, but nothing practical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Slides, I learned a lot of IoT and AR, specially IoT.Unfortunately, the Professor only reads the slides. I was expecting more from Yonsei UniversityThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative and helpful. With all due respect, I just want to give some suggestion as a learner. I think the course should include some self study materials for student and every topic should include more information and example. Just reading the slides isn't always helpful. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
+ Very interesting course about emerging technologies; makes one understand the basics of IoT and AR interaction as well as functioning+ No electrical engineering background necessary+ Academic and supportive sources presented at the end of each lesson- Not very entertainingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting material produced and comprehensive information but the lecture itself is mostly slide readingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
course is somewhat efficient because the instructor is keep on reading the slides and nothing more than that!! thats it!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected a little more from this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of slides reading, but content is good intro into the field and breaks down the applications real well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic and the guy in the video was just reading out things on slides which made it boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the teacher has opportunity areas in terms of keeping the audience engage...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was more historical than I expected. Gave me some new and interesting knowledge especially in security topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher is great at performing but the pace of the class is way too fast for me.The assignment is hard.But, hey, that's Berklee.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good and simplified instruction. But I think it needs one more week discussion to improve improvisation. Also, grades are usually late.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material was amazing (thank you!), but for those who audit, being excluded from the discussions and the tests at the end of each unit made for a "less than" experience. Please don't call yourself a MOOC if the free content is so different from the paid version. I'd like for my Coursera listed courses to show this as complete (but without the badge or Yale specific recognition) but it shows that I didn't complete the course, didn't meet the deadlines because I can't do (although I can see) the needed assignments. For me, I don't need badges or certificates, but I do like being able to access and do everything within a course. This "less than" experience isn't how most Coursera courses work. If the content wasn't so amazing, I would have given even fewer stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The basic ideas exposed during the course are interesting and good food for thought. However the course contents practically depend on the film and book by Swimme and Tucker; so at the beginning of the course one is shown the complete film, and over the ensuing weeks a particular book chapter and its corresponding fraction of the film is presented again; the quiz (which is very little demanding) at the end of the week is basically based on those contents. I paid for the certificate since the idea of a "specialization" appealed to me, but I am not sure it was worth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Subject matter was well presented except too many stops to push his book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish a more extensive exam was administered. I think it was far too easy to pass. Gives the impression the course was not to be taken seriously, while, quite on the contrary, it was interesting and would deserve much effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's okay... but paying for a certificate it's not worth it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
excellent course but should be more in depthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a good overall approach to Human-Computer Interaction. It teaches how to do participan observation, interviewing, storyboarding and heuristic evaluation.However, I would say that some of the assignments were too simple in terms of complexity and there was few opportunities to apply the theory in the assignments.In general I found the course useful for people who want to learn more about how understand better customer necessities, for design in general.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe there is important to have access to the comments of our peers, I've receive some bad grades and I don't know why. And I think part of the learning process is get to know here I'm falling.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Grading by students concept is not 100% accurate. No feedback from teachers. Material is not very easy explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information and assignment design, but please just have someone on your team go through this. I could list the issues with your lectures, but they're so easy to detect by anyone who is watching them actively. It makes me think that QC isn't a part of your workflow, and worry about the quality of future courses in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro - I'm learning a lot. But in the end I feel that this specialization is not focused enough on developing portfolio pieces. One portfolio piece at the end of an 8-month course does not seem adequate to me. So I wish we focused more on developing high fidelity work - in addition to the need-finding, user research, sketches, short weekly assignments. This high fidelity, digital work could even be optional, but I need some guidance on what work to develop and how the overall process should look.Or even being allowed to enroll in the capstone before completing the first 7 sections would be helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Prefer more references/examples shown in lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a great introductory class, but would like more personal feedback from professionals.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of this course is good but the production quality of the videos are not vary high.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the content of the course.However, there are some remarks I want to share.For one of the asssignments I have to create an accout on Soundcloud. I never used it before and do not understand why I should leave somewhere my personal data if I do not plan to use this service in the future. I assume it as direct manipulation and do not like it at all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was inerested about this course, but I couldn't understand enough - the speaker talked too fast and I've lost the main subject trying to understand. Sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos could be bigger and reduce the echo in particularThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great topic and content. But there are several things that make this course cumbersome. It would be better to have a few shorter videos than to have one file of 30 to 60 minutes. Also please do not use hardcoded subtitles in the video, because there already is a option to enable subtitles. The last recommendation is to not mix videos and resources. Use the videos to lecture material, to narrate a story or show clips, but put all the resources (mandatory or optional) on a separate HTML page (as other courses usually do).Thank you for making the history of spaceflight come to live for me!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but could be more challenging. For people growing up with the space race it has a lot of interesting video and written material.But there are a lot of simple errors in the material and the assignments. Hopefully that will be addressed. I'd give it 4/5 once it's all sorted.Recommended if you can cope with the odd frustration.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Despite being a very interesting topic, I did not find this course as enjoyable as others I have done. Maybe covering these many amount of things in such a short course is too challenging. Anyhow, if you want to learn about India, it is a good course. However, I would recommend the one from The Ohio State University ('The importance of India")The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Of course, this course will give a whole idea about the India of contemporary time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first half of the course is excellent, but slows down in the second half.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course presents a clear structure and an interesting approach, including materials on the assessment of minorities. Furthermore, it is well supported in scientific evidence as multimedia materials that help to understand the concepts addressed in the course. However, the materials are someway monotone, the subject is addressed in general terms, which is understandable given the time set for the course, but it may had been better by focusing on concepts instead of examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course but lacks details and practical knowledgeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course & I am grateful for any one you puts effort into making education available. The -2 stars is due to complete absence of moderators leading to a defunct discussion. Also be aware that there are a lot of peer graded assignments. Which I think work well, but do mean more work than a lot of courses. In addition you must pass all tasks, which meant I actually failed the course by getting the second top mark you can get on the last assignment despite passing all the others (a fair bit of work put in),The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I worked really hard on this course, but was stymied by a couple of quizzes. If I could not answer one question correctly, it meant I could not answer two or three of the next questions, meaning that I could not pass quiz. With no recourse, I was prevented from passing although my overall percentage of points earned was passing. I would still like to pass, as I feel that I really earned the certificate. I would really like a chance to speak to someone who can help me resolve my questions. My other problem was using one of the models, which I never could master, despite reading the help sites and trying two or more times.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is addressing a critical subject matter. The material is great. I love the math.But these are my personal metrics: A 4-star course has a high level of student collaboration and teaching staff participation, a 5-star course has very responsive teaching staff. I love learning the material but the learning environment is disappointing.As the course progresses to the later weeks, the inconsistency between quizzes and lectures grows. Not greatly but enough to frustrate. Some quiz questions, with multiple choice options with only one correct answer, will not accept any answer. There are a few questions which are not covered in the video lecture (or covered in later weeks). Some answers can be found in the book (but the book supposedly is not required). Some answers can be googled but the answers vary wildly between sources.Mathematical Thinking from Stanford is the gold standard.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For someone who's been a senior software engineer for a bunch of years, the topics on design patterns and tactics could have dug a bit deeper.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Adequate information to grasp on. Learn something useful. But the videos are a bit boring that sometimes I have a hard time to carry on. Hope to share more interesting video examples and reading materials. Good effort but spice up the video a bit with salient stuff instead of pure talking and notes would be good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Opening the quizes and the internal acreditation for free should be a most for such a good course like this.Its a shame that "non premium" users have access to only the video material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but basic course. Mostly a series of tips on how to take advantage of human susceptibility to persuasion. The last week, concerning how to resist attempts to manipulate you, was probably the most important.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the course was unfortunately slightly dry - I was expecting more from the videos. The speakers know their information and showcase the different types of power and influence you can exert on people and they can exert on you, however, I believe it could have had more real world examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good concepts, very useful tips shared in this course.I reduced 1 star because, it has very less illustrations. Interactions, live examples could have been added in the content.Especially the video background is not good. It matters because, it's distracting while listening the class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Super costly. The course needs to make at least some of the quizes available for the free usersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought all of the information was great but at times the course was just very bland especially in terms of presentation. Also, the title is somewhat misleading and the presumptions that the course creators make about its students assume I am a business guy sitting in an office or a part of some team which makes the activities that you HAVE to do in order to pass the course a bit harder to complete. This is good because if what the activity desn't really apply to your situation it makes good practice to imagine a situation - not soo imaginative the task is incredibly easy - and apply what you've learned. However, as I've said, if what you're being asked to do is harder to apply than the activity in many ways isn't all that practical. I prefer Cumulative tests as well because they assess everything you've learned and whether you've retained the information or not.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The only reason I give 3 stars is because there were no pdf documents of the lectures. Being able to check back notes fast is important and very helpful and I can't see why they are not given.Other than that the course content was very interesting and fascinating. Well done on that!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course remind me so much of course done by Wesleyan University - Social Psychology, by great profssor Scott Plous.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are a white man and want to learn how to influence other white men, this is a great course. For the rest of us, this course provides some helpful tips and techniques. Unfortunately, the course instructors ignore the all-too-common psychological biases some people have about others based upon race, gender, age, orientation, etc. And near the end of the course, we watch a white man encourage us to use more emotion -- specifically anger. That is a laughable suggestion. There are ample examples of the fact that the anger of white men can be effective when the anger of others is counterproductive. Here's one: https://asunow.asu.edu/20151027-study-shows-angry-men-gain-influence-and-angry-women-lose-influenceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Covers the basic of Linear Regression, would like to see more advanced material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared to other courses in the specification, this course content is too shallow and brief.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Disappointed that it's all theory and no application. I know there are a ton of differeint fMRI processing pipelines, but even just to walk through one would be much more useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty good lectures that touch on many aspects of fmri but doesn't really get into enough details to really learn about the difficulties with this methodology. Would be nice if they had some real data processing exercises to demonstrate someof the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a great course due to the well designed and produced videos, peer feedback feature and structure of the course. However, I feel that the lack of input from CALARTS is the drawback. I have been in other courses in Coursera and have found the input from tutors really reassuring because I am getting expert feedback. If courses like this are to be continuously supported by Coursera clients/students, this kind of feedback is critical. If certificates achieved through Coursera are known to be only peer reviewed, such certificates will not carry weight and be recognised by other organisations/employers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although a neat idea, I was a little disappointing to find that over the course of 4 weeks we'd only be creating and adding to a small paper game. I was hoping for something a little more in depth. And although I don't disagree that this course provided some wonderful input to creating a game, I felt that it was something that could have been done in a single lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was ok for what it was. It is a very brief introduction. Fun teacher, but very limited information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction course. Perhaps a bit light on material... reviews from others are very helpful!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A quite simple beginning, might end up being a little bit too simple. The future looks promising, though!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very little content. Most of the value comes from working on games for the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It felt few content, i think there could be more content in this course. Though i have to say i learn new stuff, but i which it had more content to learn more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fun and a very intresting approach to game design throug board game design. You get good tips for designing games and the different and important things to know. Though I think it could go deeper into some topics and explain a little more beyond just giving examples, videos are good but a little short, each week is roughly 20 minutes long each. Even though I really liked it and got the best of it .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I know that the title says "introduction", but I felt it was to basic...I liked the approach of the homeworks, but I missed more reading material or more sources to explore...also, being an introduction to game design, I think many issues froom game design were not touched.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A whimsical introduction to game design and the springboard for a Specialization Certificate, therefore important to take.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative and provide some great ideas and insights.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course with varied content and I very much liked the way it was build up (individual, business, cities, nations). Reason why I rated it 3 stars (only) is that the course was too easy - however I'm a sustainability professional. Maybe the word "introduction" can be taken into the title - as the course would serve as a good intro-course for practical application of sustainability.Geoffrey (The Netherlands)PS: the videos of the Parkers can be deleted from my point of viewThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's too diffult for some of the questions in the Quiz. Have no idea or support to solve them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great job on the course material and labs, quizzes and the final exame however, tend to be very confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of topics crammed into short videos. But still I was able to stick to it complete it. There are a few mistakes here and there that create confusion. Had to watch the videos over and over for some concepts (whcih is ok). All in all a good course but can be improved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a good course for beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit complicated for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was useful and I do feel a foundation is being set.The area where I think the course fell short is on the support we got from mentors or instructors in the forum, basically null - pun intended. There are some points where it's easy to fall into a rabbit hole, like I did. Without support, a simple challenge supposed to take a few minutes can turn into hours, days.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is overall an ok course. Samiliarly as a programming intro class, IMO, the quality, range from the project design and content originzation, is no where close to the IIPP offered by Rice. I do not enjoy this course as much as I did in IIPP.If you are just interested in getting touch with programming, instead of learning Java like I, go to take IIPP.I think the first week should appear later, probably should be swapped with week 2 or even 3. The first week class was just super confusing without knowing the basic concept like vairable type declearation and the connection between different methods.Good Luck!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There exist some sort of help for solving programming.However, those bad quiz as well as not so comprehensive courses design totally ruin it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More technical aspects could have been touched upon. Details on how to implement code on any java platform using inbuilt java libraries and several others.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has very interesting programming examples and the exercises are really challenging. The philosophy of this course is to teach through example problems by explaining and solving them.The exercises are very well designed and reinforce the concepts very well. But, the later exercises might be a bit hard for an absolute beginner. Nevertheless, once you can successfully solve an exercise set, you can be sure that you have mastered the related concepts.By the way, this course uses many custom libraries which actually help in writing interesting programs to solve real life problems. The course resource page with detailed documentations is really helpful.Personally, I enjoyed the course. If you have some basic programming skills and want to solve interesting problems, you should give this course a try.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel like we're left behind by the teachers of this course. The teaching style does not help in getting the right code to work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for novice developers trying to learn Java. Not good for experienced developers trying to learn Java.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The staff of this course is really nice, that's the best part of it. Unfortunately, in my opinion this course is not intended for real beginners. From class one I struggled trying to understand what was going on. This may be because instead of just using a typical ide like eclipse or netbeans, they use bluejay, which works different than the rest of ides. In addition, programs used in the course are pretty confusing (If you know 0 Java). I learned most of the basic concepts (classes, methods) for whole week 1 from a single 15 minute video-course from youtube without all the struggling. As I mentioned this only applies if you are a total newbie, if you already know some Java I think you'll be fine.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need to show more stuff on Java instead of focusing on using BlueJ and stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was very informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not helpful, too many concepts and content-of-no-use. expect more for the next courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good only for those people who have only started thinking about launching their first businessThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great introduction & analysis of conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a course with lots of information but the delivery is a little weak. It is a presentation with an instructor in the corner but he or she mostly just reads the presentation aloud. There needs to be much more interaction, much more animation and passion, and the use of "real" people in a "real" environment. I can tell you that my mind wondered constantly because of the lack of passion and interest in the subject being conveyed by the presenter as well as the monotonous delivery. Again, the content is valuable and solid, but that in and of itself does not make for a good course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gives a brief outline and moves very fast and to create a LivePlan is a paid thing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Did not find it really helpful ...may be the way I expected it was different. Also may be because of my engineering approach towards management. I don't know...But thank you for putting this up and giving me a head start into innovative ideas for starting a new business.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Material somewhat simplistic and professor likes to "hold your hand" rather than exposing the material and letting the student run with it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have been one of the best on Coursera but a little broard in scope and not for beginners as more is required than taught.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed this course and have learned so much! I wonder if things could be explained a little bit more in the lectures so you are not asked to do things in the assignments that you have no idea how to implement?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is not that appreciable in terms of technicalities or theory ; But faculty does teach many good things through examplesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In comparison to other courses, I felt this was a little too superficial for the true challenges of Information Design. Still good though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have preferred more depth!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit of a mess. If you are going in expecting to learn nuances of creating effective wireframes and mockups, you will be disappointed. Assignments are good and thought-provoking, but not clearly written. You will get out of the course what you invest in it. Take your assignments seriously and invest a lot of time, even if you know that you are able to pass with a lesser effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Poor video editing. Homework assignments were poorly written making it difficult to know exactly what was being graded. Often times I had to submit a version and redo it after I started working through the grading criteria during peer review.Decent information covered, however I felt like this was more of a course on responsive design than specifically information design.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is oriented to alumni that have a minimal experience with design concept refreshing and updating know how with interesting information sharing with the classmates. The pratical exercises helps to consolidate technics and expertise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The structure of the lectures as well as the assignments might need some redesign.In the lecture, I think it might be better to explain the algorithm very clearly without talking about any coding details first, and then have some lectures explaining the code implementation. Right now, the coding implementation and the algorithm explainations are mixed together in a way that is not really easy to digest.However, I really appreciate the solid content of this course. The markov assignment is a actual assignment copied from the CS201 course in Duke. Moreover, it is implemented with even a more sophisticated and better desiged structure. In the CS201, the concept of inheritance is not introduced yet. For all of you who made it to week03 assignment, you can applaud yourselves.Sadly, the assignment design of this course is very disappointing. Despite its rich content, it requires the students to take a long time to adjust some details at some corner of the method to do the quiz question. It is very error prone and tedious. The final quizs need some simplification in the structure or format.Overall, I still recommend people taking this course. Very Good content. Just be prepared for the assignment, it really needs a considerable amount of patience and efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Despite having a strong engineering background, I found this course poorly communicated. The heavy use of technical jargon makes the concepts (which are intended to be simple) over complicated. The predictive text is interesting but simple exercises are needed to clearly teach abstraction and interfaces clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Please show the quiz answers for verification purpose since we have to buy the course to submit answersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Course, but in my perspective the teachers could explain better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting concepts are being taught, but the course is uneven. The first project required a lot of work, while the last week had no project at all.Minor errors in videos and programming assignments. Somewhat messy code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Succinct, relevant & lively coverage of topics. ***** rating couldn't be given in the absence of Certificate. Frankly, issuing a certificate doesn't seem a lot of work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative although its a little bit too theoritical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good subject and good selection of documents.I don't appreciate the "speaker" voice on the presentation, I rather like to see and hear the author. Too fast and too short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice but required a certificate of participation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed the last part of the course related to the Gesture Interaction and the practical exercise on third week, but overall I missed much more modern materials to show us. In an Input and interaction course or an Interaction speciality I do expect more other audiovisual support than a teacher and readings.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
leading to much sources which is really good enough to seek for more info in law.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is interesting but the professor is bad at lecturing (lack of structure, some rambling).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am hopeful that the information I've learned in this course will show its usefulness in the future. I feel that the course could've been organized a little better (and if I had it to do over I would check out the Reading a Case very early on in the course.) As a teacher, I am disappointed at the rubric that is given because students are grading each other and may not know what an "average" response is I feel that the rubric should be better structured to help give a more objective grade.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good idea for content and good content except poor support from Moderator. In fact zero support as far as I can see.First time I came across grading done by students - it's highly unreliable and not necessarily fair. It's halfway through the course and 2 out of 3 of my assignments haven't been graded because of other students not doing it.There is a requirement to use Adobe Illustrator which is a real pain if you've never used it before and the timescales are tight - it's a 4 weeks course with weekly assignments. Unsure why there is this endorsement for the Illustrator when there is other good and cheaper software avail. (Affinity designer for instance).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You have to use adobe illustrator to make the infographic and I didn't think the course did a good enough job giving the basics for that. I had to do a lot of googling to figure out how to do stuff on my own. All of the assessments are done by the people in the course and I thought people were a little too harsh. If someone is completely new to AI then it is a bit much to expect the infographic to be magazine quality.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed this course but I was not satisfied with the assessment.The content kept me engaged and highly motivated. I acquired some very specific and useful skills, which I developed by completing projects on topics of my choosing that were meaningful to me. I really liked Karl's casual and somewhat spontaneous style - this is a breath of fresh air from the video tutorials out there where lecturers are reading from prompts or reciting from memory.The biggest drawback to this course is that it relied completely on peer grading for the assessment (which you have to pay for). I don't think this assessment method was sufficiently designed to reduce the influence of graders who were overly subjective, hadn't sufficiently mastered the content themselves, or were disinterested in putting effort into the peer review. From now on, I will think twice about paying for any course where all of the assessment is based on how my classmates grade me. While peer review can be useful for learning, I don't think it's an accurate assessment tool. Especially if I'm paying to learn from a professional in a field, I'd expect to receive some feedback and assessment from that pro.Another area of improvement is that there were several instances where videos repeated things covered in previous videos. These things could be cleaned up a bit and the course would be more polished.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
that's very good, but it could be better if there is a way to pay and get certificate. we are in educational and science word not politic word. I live in I.R.Iran and there is no way to pay.I suggest you to provide some prepaid card for Coursera, that we can use of them, same as ITune gift cards.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Difficult and kind of tedious subject. Professor knows his stuff but has a foreign accent. Makes it a little difficult at times.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much HR and not as engaging as the other courses in the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not many new concepts. Mostly common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think participation in the forum discussion in this course seems not so active and less of interaction among students. If there are some incentives or some grading can be applied to push people to talk more, it will be a very good learning experience to all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting a bit more after the great first course of this specialization. Although I enjoyed week 2 and 3 (would give 5 stars), and walk away with relevant information that I can implement in my work, I found week 1 and week 4 difficult to get through. Long lectures, not always relevant stories, a presentation style that did not speak to me, and a bit slow. Nonetheless, I still learned some interesting concepts and I am looking forward to course 3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course gave an overview of hiring and developing talent, but had far fewer actionable takeaways than the first course in the specialization. I found Cheri Alexander's sections to be extremely long-winded, unclear, and redundant. Also, I like the idea of mixing up the assignment format, but creating three movies is a lot to ask for a management course, especially when the same assignment could easily have been done in another format - it felt forced. Also, I found that the order for some lectures seemed off and the flow between instructors was not as seamless as it had been before. For instance, we were asked to create a development plan at the end of a week about hiring and before the week on development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite good in average. Will be better to have always or very often the slides in background. Few presenters were not much interesting. Good examples given, but sometimes I do not see how proposition can be used on daily basisThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
We surely all know that the human power is vital to the develop of any given organization. And an effective talent pipeline would help a lot. But there's not enough practical advices about how in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For some reason, I cannot stand the way Cheri Alexander teach the class. The rest of the teachers of this course deliver the material in a much better way. It feels like if either she reads the notes or do not understand the material. She sugarcoats every word, read it in a monotonous way, smiles a lot. I would prefer someone who feels like actually knowing what he/she says, someone who cut to the chase right away. With Cheri I feel bored. Scott and Maxim are the best.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the course overall, but the HR component/perspective was only somewhat useful. Beware of the final unit (week 4): the takeaways and the final quiz are not well aligned. In the week's final project, though the questions doesn't ask for them, be sure to explain your rationales. When reviewing your peers' work, the points rely on whether you've explained yourself. Cheri Alexander's inclusion of videos felt like filler and the notion of having to create a video as an assignment is time-consuming and ultimately not necessary to our learning. Because I experienced a great course with two of the three professors in Leading Teams, I can only conclude that Professor Alexander designed the final assignment, criteria, and quiz. These components were not clear. Fortunately, my classmates were very supportive and understood the spirit of the assignment. It's a good class, but I enjoyed the first one in this specialization more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the topics were of great interest to me, the videos were not as engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Two of the weeks' content was not based on specific, cited research, which was disappointing. Inspiring and Motivating Individuals did an excellent job of that, as did two of the four weeks of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some parts of the material were very academic and lack enough explanations and examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are many interesting elements in the course but one of the coaches I can't connect to. I don't buy that coaches pitch as genuine.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I guess may be good if you've never done introspective exercises before. The quizzes tend to focus on irrelevant details from the videos (probably something to do with the instructors focus on "observation" which seems to mean trying to remember all irrelevant details). I'm hoping that as this specialization moves beyond introspection to interacting with others, it will get better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am a bit disappointed. The main concepts would require more explanation. There are too many requests for essay writting and it sometimes feels an infomercial for the school.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are some incorrect answers in quizes and some instructions for the ssigments are qiute unclear...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic explanations, maybe will need to make it more thoughtful!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview, but some of the content is just quickly mentioned and not put into practice. Give more room to use in examples, create action, tell stories. Some of the lecturers were just reading down the notes wer already see in front of us and were not finishing their sentences in an engaging way (sometimes they made comments in a very low tone) . Some of the sounds are not good quality (mono - just on one ear)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The 3 last weeks, excellent. But the two first to basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was very scattered and included several different lecturers. It was the least focused course in the specialization, but still did provide insight in an area I probably knew the least about.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as inspiring as Developing Innovative Ideas, but yet a very informative Course. I only audited the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is difficult to write such a course for all possible entrepreneurial ventures there may exist, but I found the strong reference to ICT and technological innovations difficult to apply to my own venture. I think parts of the course are only relevant to such innovations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Though the content is great, it is kind of messy altogether! At the end Prof. Green strongly invites us to enroll for a degree in his field at the university of Maryland and there wouldn't be any problem with that without the kind of messy feeling that the course leaves you with. When you put both together it awfully seems like the university tried to diversify its communication and that the only objective of the course is that you enroll in a degree. At the same time, the technical issues of some lectures give a relatively bad image of the university of Maryland...Too sad because again, the content in most videos is great... Just reorganize it and put it together with more cohesion. Among other peer reviews would be preferable to the current way of testing...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content wise this course is excellent, quant finance enthusiasts would love this course. Truth be told this is an insanely difficult MOOC to pass/complete, not because its hard, lets face it, the contents are very advanced and its assumed that students would have background in advanced finance, but the problem lies in the fact that the professor does not explain the topics well enough. The professor might be excellent in this field but simply can't explain well enough, he is mostly reading his notes/slides with a few drawings. Second problem is the notations used in the course is extremely confusing, it makes maths look scary. This could have been a the best MOOC on Coursera but the professor's explanation is simply not upto the mark.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its good information but not quite what I was looking for in terms of actionable steps that I could take to engage with stakeholders from different countries!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good starting point in Urban Infrastructures Management, but too theoretical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos and quizes are too long and too largeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the production quality to be low enough to be distracting. Similarly, I think the scripting and performance are in need of being stepped up so they don't detract from the course. The concepts are useful and the facts of the topic are communicated well. However, many of the analogies used are childish and cheesy, I think. Also, the presentation is , awkward and amateur/primitive, imo. These days, there are kids putting out more gracefully performed and highly polish productions than this on Youtube. That makes be believe that it's within the realm of possibility that the caliber of the MOOC be increased significantly.Thanks, for learning how to learn ;)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the initial videos very informaive. Then it suddenly chnged the order and I didnt find a conclusive endThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was not too fond of some of the comments/thoughts presented (ie. test gods, lady luck, that zombie talk, and the discreet mention of evolution as THE fact - referencing to Charles Darwin as some great intellect). To me that was drawing the idea that the Almighty Creator does not exist. But that is silly, given that only now we humans are just coming a tiny bit close to understanding how our brain works and how all the intricacies of the universe function - when He had that all figured out and established from the beginning. My point is, give credit where it's due. TThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
My background is a degree in Cognitive Science, and I believe my review may be more specific to this perspective. If your background is psychology/cognitive science/neuroscience, then you may not learn a whole lot of new learning techniques in this course. However, it was an easy and light refresher and provides a lot of useful analogies to reshape (or ingrain deeper) learning techniques you are already aware of. I did learn a few additional learning tools that I plan to implement. If your background is not from one previously mentioned (or similar), this is a great, easy course that will help you learn in all areas of life and is worth taking, esp. for the small time commitment each week relative to the potential life-long benefits.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learnt a lot of new things about learning how to learn. I now have a different perspective in life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting learning course. You need to stick to follow the videos (may seem a tedious by moment). Overall, a good average course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course targets mostly students audience, but not people with the aim of self-development, who passed their academic study long time ago. Therefore, information concerning learning process somehow too much basic, but at the same time can be quite useful if you are not aware of all these facts. What didn't also suit me is a lack of structure and a bit confusing videos explaining different concepts of brain structure and functioning, that seemed too much scientific in the frame of this course. But what really hit my interest is enthralling optional interviews with different scientists and just talented people. They were really motivating and inspiring!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought this course will be a bit more helpful, there were some good methods I learned like the pomodoro and other concepts I wan't aware of before. Dr. Terry Sejnowski might be very knowledgeable but he can't read a teleprompter and it makes his videos very hard to focus.Overall it was a good courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good enough to learn a few concepts about techniques to improve the learning process. Four hours per week is all you will need to finish it with good grades. Great work!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is way too much concentrate on studies for students, not well correlate with studies for everybodyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
What was helpful to me was: the discussion on spaced repetition, which boosted my confidence in applications like Duolingo and Memrise, and helped me discover Anki. The pomodoro technique is nice to know about, though I have rarely used it so far. I think I was already at the point where I don't need an actual pomodoro timer to get into that mindset. The best two things I probably got from the course was changing my way of thinking from focusing on product to focusing on process (though not always possible of course), and using recall to test myself on what I know rather than reading things over and over and just hoping it's gone in.What I didn't like about the course was the presentation style, the pace, the content density (very low in my opinion), the irrelevant information, the hand-wavey explanations, and so on. The absolute worst of it was the full recommendation for using analogies but with no attempt on explaining how to make *good* anaologies. This is key. Most analogies I come across are misleading for all aspects of a thing but their very narrow scope, and sometimes the thing itself too (after all, you usually make them when you're first learning about a thing, unless you're teaching) and so without knowing how to make good anaologies while they are good for memory they are on average bad for understanding, and I don't think that can be stressed enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I've been enrolled to this course for over a year already. I abandoned it after the first couple of classes presented by extremely boring teachers. I wouldn't say that their way to deliver the message about efficient learning is motivating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good stuff. I learned some useful techniquesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ive learning a lot with this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Accessible introduction to basic learning techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting and applicable advices. But the theory too "empirical" and "metaphoric" for my taste, a little more rigor would not hurt!May 2016 - French studentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did learn things about the way I think and the way I learn. I am an Anatomy and Physioligy student so I appreciated the information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Many useful techniques and perspectives in this course!Take this course if: you are looking to learn new techniques to improve your time-efficiency and performance in learningDon't take this course if: you are put off by pseudoscientific assertions (an explanation based on the insula being the "fear center of the brain" comes to mind) or interspersion of useful information by neurobiological theories that have no relevance for improving your learning performanceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic information, focused strongly on test-taking strategies. Nothing bad here, but not really specifically adapted for lifelong learning. If you're a student and don't feel like you have effective, robust study strategies, check out this course as there are handy tips and tricks and some may be new to you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The beginning sections of the course were interesting as they were descriptive of some pragmatic approaches towards thinking and learning like the POMODORO technique (excuse me if spelling is wrong). The later portions could have been better although they weren't that bad either. Overall, I learned how to learn!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting but not practicalThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked it, but I felt like they didn't get very in depth about a lot of the topics. It was hard to take notes because there seemed to be a lot of skimming of subjects and jumping around.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a nice courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is on a very basic level as far as the neuroscience and level of material and for that reason it was not super useful to me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Various helpful techniques but I did find the course rather boring, especially the multiple-choice questions and all the "scientific" facts about the brain. It also seems more geared towards high-school or university students than towards the general public, so maybe I was just not in the target audience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is good but a lot more citations and examples could be includedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content, well presented. Just too short, and should provide more content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned some interesting Tools about Learning. I would love the course to engage us with more concrete LearningThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course, but I did't like how the last week focused on test taking. The course should focus more on 'learning how to learn,' not how to ace a test. In that regard, I felt the course began to be oriented more towards students rather than working adults. Why not spend more time on learning how to think innovatively?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course and worth doing. Could be completed in a day or two if you're just viewing the videos and answering the quiz.Positives: The content is interesting and it gives you plenty to think about, and a decent grounding to go away and learn more if you decide to.Negatives: First week doesn't add much. The videos are awkwardly delivered and the analogies are a bit contrived.Overall, a good primer before moving onto other courses, as it could plant a few new ideas that will be valuable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting, and packed with some easy to understand, easy to apply techniques. On the other hand, the real theory behind why these techniques work is deliberately omitted from the videos. This creates the feeling of a bit of esoteric knowledge, or, what it is worse, a feeling of trial and error techniques, like the ones anybody can develop on his own... Also the total lack of exercises makes it a little bit boring to follow at times. Overall, a good experience.Quick note of speaking speed: I understand that reading slowly is best sometimes, but Prof. Oakley is EXTREMELY slow, so much so, that I watched the videos at 1.25x and still felt like she was speaking at slightly slower speed than a normal person..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Personally for me who had read about neurology, psychology and human behavior. This course does not build a lot on my formal knowledge. However it would be useful to anyone who is interested in learning and curious about brain facts and psychology of learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Found 1/5 of the content useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it had some useful tips on learning how to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, although course content and test questions were very easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
lots of dry theory, not as practical as I expectedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the material of the course, the interviews but I think it is pretty strict with the answer(s) the ask for in some of the first assessments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too some extent useful It indeed spreads useful techniques and concepts in learning. One thing I do not like is the testing questions. Some of these questions are poorly designed. Using intuition or commonsense is already enough to solve them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
When the course started it was very interesting. I really enjoyed learning about how the brain functions and how memory works. Barbara Oakly was great.However, towards the end of the course I found that it got boring and not that stimulating. Maybe the parts dedicated to test preparation and studying should have been shorter.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Worth doing, but hardly enough content for 4 weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very easy, but probably helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice structure although needed more assignments outside just the quizzes, to get you to use the skillsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good instruction, but it was a bit too basic - many of these concepts are common sense to most people in college or beyond.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too slow, too vague, but you can feel the ideas behind have potential.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is an interesting course, however, it focuses a bit too much on current students and test-taking. Learning is not something that stops after graduation and I would appreciate if the authors gave some attention to those who are already done with school, but do not want to stop acquiring new knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gave a few good advices about learning and introduced some noteworthy concepts, but the videos became quite boring and repetetive after a while.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were some interesting insights coinciding with my own experience of learning (I have learnt 8 languages by myself). Particularly the part about chunking was a really good one. On the other hand, Week 4 focusing on how to pass a test in my opinion jumbled the previous material up - passing a test doesn't mean knowledge, it means ability to pass a test. Half of the questions used in the final Quiz shows that this course itself has tried not to develop chunks they were recommending but to make students memorize the content of the video without checking whether or not the content was actually understood and "chunked" into real knowledge.So, a better name for this course would be "Learning how to learn academically". As for me, I appreciate non-academical knowledge. Kids master their native language without getting the ability to teach it - and this is the true knowledge even though in the farewell video prof. Sejnowski equalized the ability to teach to the knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a decent course if you are looking for some very general guidelines and concepts about how your brain works to learn things. I find it rather vague, but it's alright.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only few starting videos give new information and techniques, the rest 80% is quite useless. Course would be much better if it gives real tips and techniques rather than constant repetitions of the same information in different forms. If you read the course contents - you already get 75% of what is presented in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
looks good ...lets see how much of help it can be to me Thanks courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really like it. The course was a bit to short, but still I managed to learn few new things. It was definitely interesting plus interviews with well know people is a huge plus. Keep up a good work!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice tips, long for what you get out of it thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The tone of the course wasn't always to my liking (with the cartoons, animations, etc.) but there is some great advice in here, and I would encourage everyone to take the course. Barb's (the instructor's) personal background particularly resonated with me: she is someone who entered Engineering, a very demanding field, without much science background, and had to adapt to many new and challenging ideas. I am contemplating a similar change, and it's comforting to know that it can be done.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The contents were interesting. Presentation rather poor. The speeches seemd disorganized. I had to rely on transcrips: downloaded and edited. The comments are at times too casual. And other times too much special terminology. Most of times I understand what she was trying to say. But listening attentively was very difficult.Heavy americanism impedes understanding; especially when the student does not have familiarity with US pop culture. I had to check how a pinball machine works. Zombis and four-armed (impossible) octpus were obstacles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Meh.I appreciated the new perspectives on learning, and the smaller chunks of video and assignments (which allowed me to spread the work out over the week).The "Thanks for Learning about Learning" phrase was fine for the course introduction and the final module, but became annoying as the closing phrase. of. every. video.Dr Sejnowski's skills are reading a teleprompter distracted me - I suggest doing some practice and redoing the videos when the TP won't be such a distraction (watching his eyes track back and forth didn't do it for me).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well presented, great communication and relevant content. The course was well designed and coordinated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher is not very enjoyable to listen to, however the content is very interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
an online editor is not goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You cannot submit your quizzes nor your program assignment unless you're a paying member.This is the first time I ran into such a class in Coursera.Sad.Please allow non-paying people who want to learn, to participate in quizzes and peer graded assignments, like other institutions are doing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not bad, but not amazing. I would recommend University of Michigan's Programming for Everybody (Python) over this course. While the game-oriented approach is fun, I don't like the excessive focus upon the simplegui module which was created by the instructors specifically for this course. You will learn some basic python concepts, but you'll spend way too much time learning how to use this module which you will likely never use again, and this is at the expense of learning how to use some of the more commonly used standard modules (eg datetime, sys, etc). I also found glitches in the materials, and many of the questions and grading rubrics are unclear or ambiguous. Very frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was interesting but I think Coursera is not quite what it used to be. The courses are more expensive (This one was $100). You can't do it free in a practical way, which on principle excludes people. They are simply replays of old videos and people are not inspired to participate in the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course needs you to PAY!!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent Courst but you have to pay in order to access the quizes and assignments... very dissapointing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to understand, but I just cannot recall too much half a year after finished it!Maybe it is a little bit superficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just a basic introduction to computer science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor, Michael Scharf, seems to have a heavy bias to "justice" (as in punishment) and that leaves me with a poor taste as I listen to his content. I found an error in content that bothered me but did not interfere with the main points of the course. Overall I'm happy with the understanding of International Criminal Law that I have gained, though I am displeased with the biases I found in the professor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really like to the content of the course, but the problem of it is that it does not really incorporate the legal skills one acquires from Law School and is thus somewhat of a false representation of the case law that is offered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course gives a good introduction to international criminal law, showing in details the evolution of key principles and institutions. The readings , though details are a great resource for they keen to take deeper dives. The main concern , however is the sudden death approach that is used to evaluate the performance on the final examination. Preferably answers should not be binary, but provide the student with wide choice to gauge the degree to which performance on the exam truly measures knowledge acquired during the course (leaving little room for guess work, as it were).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it was a interesting courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is extremely useful for young emerging scientists like myself; however, the videos were very hard to follow because the team speaks fast and with a very strong French accent. The materials are well-prepared, but my attention kept drifting away from the content due to language impairment. Also, some of the introductory notes were lacking proper grammar and I believe that, in a course with such a theme, this is simply unacceptable. With a bit of work, I think this can be a very useful tool in writing scientific papers!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course contains some interesting insights on writing a scientific paper. What I like about the course is that it is given by graduate students. But this is also a drawback. Sometimes, the material seems too simplistic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It might have been a better option to conduct the class in the instructors' mother tongue with English subtitles, though concepts are well enough communicated. I am a Francophone and I still find it not easy to understand the English (having French translation in my mind.)A good introductory class to have a first glimpse at the general context of academic publishing. Good general overview to rethink the steps of publishing plans for early stage researchers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course who teaches the way you have to do to write correctly a scientific paper, and gives an idea about the process of publish, it is useful and necessary for those who wants to continuous study and have their own work knows on the fields who works and research.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is good, but there is a student speaking that is really difficult to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thanks to the course, learned a few tips on online searching. Some contents could be consolidated to shorten session times. Overall, appreciated Coursera's knowledge sharing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful tips, but for the little amount of material, it's not worth $70.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the peer graded assignment is too difficult for non-native speakers of EnglishThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Completed it in a day but haven't read the recommended texts yet - which I will do. Some extremely interesting and thought-provoking material. Would have liked more than 3 weeksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too repetitive and too much dialogue bullshitThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit too commercial. Promise the cure for finding a job , but what did you learn ? This course might help you on awareness on your own abilities.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I could not understand because i speak english...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's good but depend only save informations than understand itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good use of figures and graphs. I like the input of historical references to help understand the material. Lectures can be disengaging at times, the professor uses a lot of pauses which makes it hard to follow. Overall, it's a good introduction and overview to material science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instructor has lack of knowledge. They are not subject matter expert and they tried to deliver their best.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really clear step up from the scratch to android/java programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Switching back and forth between Linux and Android is going to be problematic. It adds an unnecessary complexity to the course and adds extra skill set requirements which were not mentioned as needed ahead of time. While they say you can choose one or the other, later lessons will only use one or the other (it switches) and this causes issues if you actually intend to follow along and learn something.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wasn't able to finish the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I passed every quiz doing the course across 3 sessions, yet I cannot speak a sentence in Korean apart from 'hello' and 'thank you'. Something must be wrong with my brain or how the course is designed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good course, but much more ambitious than the description or name suggests. I had to watch the videos at 75% speed in order to figure out what was actually said, as I have never heard any Korean before. I used the quizlet flashcards and some youtube videos in order to learn the material, as the "lecture notes" were not always very helpful. So in all, a good course if you can access some supplementary activities. In fact, adding the quizlet flashcards to the lesson either before the lecture or before the quiz would be helpful for future students. I plan to take the class again in order to master the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the instructor was good at presenting the information, I felt that the reference sheets should of had the phonetic pronunciations next to the Korean writing. This would of helped learn the symbols better. After the second week, we were expected to know what they represented. I felt it needed a video on just learning the alphabet. I did still learn a great deal of vocabulary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An alright starting course, but the exercises could be a little more in depthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy course. I would have preferred more English phonetic pronunciations, though. Everything was in the Korean alphabet.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was great overall but my review reflects the sentiment that I felt like they could've added more topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gread course, shows the basic of IOT.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not good as this topic was not taught in great depth. For beginners it is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Starts very simplistically. Since I was auditing the class, there was no feedback for quizes of exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very basic course. Could have more in-depth information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good overview of the landscape of of IOT.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor lecturers were great! I enjoyed watching the his videos. However, theres's still room for some improvement. For example, I would add /more/ technical info at the video slides and also a /lot/ of literature related to IoT and embedded systems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt it was too basic. It took me about a week, but if I'd had the time I could have done it all in a day. Hope the rest of the specialization is more in-depth.. Also there are no forums.. makes it impossible to interact when you have questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is reasonable and gives an introduction to the uninitiated. The peer review sysetm however relies on the experience and knowledge of others which is a flaw in how some of the coursera modules are evaluated.If you are looking to expand your technical knowledge, opt for a course the has an automated test system (such as the courses on Data Structures and Algorithms).If you are just considering studying engineering, this course and specialization will be a decent and simplistic introduction into the field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Best Explanation so far :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Reviewing process is quite slow, thus you have to wait until someone review your assignment and grade it, even if you complete this course in just 1 week but you can't pursue certificate in just 1 week because review of assignment 3-4 days minimum for each one.Coursera should improve that problem, but overall teaching quality was great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is OK for introduction if you're not already familiar with the IoT devices and embedded systems. But if you already have done some projects in IoT and Embedded systems and are familiar with what they are then you don't need this course. This course is designed for a complete beginner who doesn't have any idea what IoT and embedded systems are (and now that you're researching about a course on IoT you probably have an idea what they are) and as a guy who had already done some projects in this area in undergrad, I found the content to be very simple and lacking any new things to add to my knowledge. But if you are a complete beginner then go for it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Don't get me wrong, this is a good course, the teacher obviously knows his stuff and delivers the information in a good way. It gives you what you need to know. But I expected more. A wider grasp on things, additional readings, quiz’s, related articles, links and so on. Maybe not mandatory but in addition to what already is there.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros:-Gives a brief overview of IoT ecosystem. Dr. Harris teaches complex things in an easy manner.Cons:-Assignments are not available for audit students. Request coursera to open assignments for audit students as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course for somebody who knows absolutely nothing about the presented subjects ( like networking, what is embedded software etc. ). Everything is explained in a way your grandmother could understand it.If you are somewhat familiar with them and are looking on information on what IoT exactly is, this course isn't really for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Theorical Course. Nice for those that want to understand some concepts of IoTThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes too easy, but may be good as a start point. Video lessons are long for the amount of the shared information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought the content was great, but I thought the assignments were too onerous. I did the first one, but I didn't feel like I learned from it and peer feedback was very slow. I looked at the other assignments, but I thought they only asked me to put to paper things I was already thinking about anyway. Given the untimely and low quality of peer feedback on the first assignment, I didn't feel like I'd learn anything from completing and submitting any assignments. I refuse to buy a webcam for Coursera (I have a phone with that capability but the Coursera app doesn't support it for identity verification), so I can't get a certification anyway. I thought the content was interesting, but too basic to pay for. The major value I see in the certification path is extensive feedback on the capstone project, as I thought peer feedback came too late and wasn't extensive enough to be valuable. I do think the instructor does a good job of presenting the contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is far too much introductory and the practical assignments are not challenging enough. Yet it is only an introductory course for the IoT specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos took to long. and uh fnck y=uThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This Course is very Good For Children.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Intresting sinds my volunteering job with Coderdojo Belgium and my teaching job in 8th grade. I only expected more excercices.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course itself is easy to follow and informative. However, the programming relates primarily to animations so is most appropriate for those interested in design, game design, etc. The course description should better specify this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very basicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Should provide more examples and exercises for every topic. Research the web for additional exercises if you want to learn something here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is not for absolute beginners. Even though I passed every exam and assignment, I found this course extremely difficult. I found myself having to rely on other lectures on python and book and internet blogs. This course is not a stand alone course as it if stated.I wish that there were more exercises where you could practice the lesson that was learned. I think each lesson should be accompanied by an optional exercise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments and assessments took at least 2 to 3 times as long as described.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
content is great and direct to the point. But 2 disappointing factors could have been avoided to make this course perfect1- sound is almost in one ear which can make you feel dizzy if you are using headset.2- instructor is reading everything like a robot. Very fast , no passion or whatsoever.I guess 3 stars is fair enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is interesting but the videos are quite long. Also, in the audit version all quizzes are blocked.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
He is awesome in reaching every aspect of Classical music.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course itself is good, however the assessments need to be worked onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned a lot of things related to journalism from such valuable course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
sir, could you pl. include some real time problems or natural phenomena while explaining a conceptThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, and the topics covered during the course sessions were very much enlightening.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is intended to tell about other courses but contains not so much useful information by itself.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A decent introduction to the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be more in depthThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro course on software product management. The interviews with software product managers were interesting, as well as the supplemental materials (TEDtalks, reads).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic. Interested to see if the next course will be more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was helpful but final test was poorly worded and very confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much information for people who already work in related projects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information, but the material is a little dry (the subsequent courses in the specialization are much more fun) - it's hard to make the introduction exciting, but adding some interactivity would be helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a super-short course and is helpful mainly to give one an idea of what software product management means. I found the lectures on Agile principles, etc., very theoretical and textbook-style -- not too interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very theory heavy. Not sure how memorizing concepts from the Agile manifesto will help in becoming a better product manager. I hope further courses are more application oriented.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent introduction course.Without the rest it is useless in my opinion.So only take in case you want to follow the entire learning path.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe this introductory course would be better if it stresses more on the Agile Manifesto PartThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful overview for the specialization....not sure it's the best overview of software product management outside of that context.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice introduction, although I don't see any reason to call this "a course", if it's less than 2 hours total (at least it felt that way) while we have to listen to an intro every 5 minutes of it.Would've rated it 2 stars based on the content, but the level of presentation was really good and I appreciate the effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provides general introduction to software product management which can help students to pick up founding concepts of a number of how a product management cycle looks like as well as the spirit of agile practices.As an introductory course, the material do not cover practical tools or details on how the actual product management should carry on. Expect the students should take the full specialization to advance the skills and knowledge to take the knowledge into a practical level.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maybe not enough content to be a course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very weak on modern-day best development practices, and many of the "phases" discussed are closer to the anti-pattern of Waterfall, not Agile. I'm surprised to see an entire course on Software Product Management without a single mention of Lean principles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is good content, but way too broad and general to be considered a proper introduction. The course was too easy for my taste to be considered worthy of a certification.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was ok, just an introduction for the specialization. I'm looking forward to learn more in next courses in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is good, but basic. Even at the reduced price, it seems pricey and this information could be rolled into another course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very theoretical course. If you don't know much about software management, this course might have some good info, but covers things you probably know if you have been involved in any software management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Seemed like more of two week advertisement of the specialization and Agile, rather than a course. Some good information in the video lectures, but very heavy handed on the delivery.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit 'light' on content but ok for an introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is helpful for covering many aspects of project and product management, still it seems to be to basic which put in question whole specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is different from expected. It is more Software Project Management than Software Product Management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to understand and follow. Good pace of lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great subject and some very well presented videos. However there were several which were incomprehensible. Either because of the quality of the video or the very heavy accent of the speaker especially to a non-American viewer. One doesn't always want to read a transcript but to listen and concentrate. If all the videos had been of good listenable quality I would have given the course 5 starsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall this course has covered a lot of good and interesting information! I found the presentation to be lacking somewhat as the course-leaders were reading off the info in front of the camera, which gave the lectures an artificial sort of feel. I did enjoy the different interviews along the way, which spiced things up a bit. The grading of this course needs to be revised, in my view, as some things will go amiss when students grade each other. All in all it's clear that a lot of work has gone into this course, and that is definitely to be commended by all involved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general this was an easy, interesting and enjoyable course, Video interviews and lectures by key researchers in this exciting field were a highlight. It's an introductory course so not deep, but fun.A couple of things significantly detracted from the course for me.One was a feeling of unqualified evangelism. I think the microbiome is indeed a hugely important field, but the level of hype here, and lack of any critical perspective, was off-putting. This is particularly disturbing for products like probiotics, which have become a huge industry with little solid evidence to support them, or to choose between them. Also, they devote a lot of time to selling the American Gut Project. Which is a good cause, but I would rather they had spent that time teaching me something useful. I resent being duped into watching ads when I've signed up to be educated.The other thing that bothered me was the course required us to divulge a lot of personal information to other students in pointless, time-consuming projects. I didn't learn anything from these projects and found them annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Repetitive and surprisingly dry course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course can be more comprehensive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content..but should also have some graded excercisesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Contain could been more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very helpful courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too long for learning so little. I have learned more while reading a book for 3 hours, than with this course for 4 weeks. But anyway, it was helpful, because the more tasks you complete, the better you get.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a good course but I expect more..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a good start if you already have a little experience with CSS. As a neophyte, I found that there was too much material for the amount of presentation time. I needed many more examples and exercises. I felt dejected each time the instructor said not to worry about getting it right and just experiment -- that's easy to say if you aren't being graded. The fact is that the material is extensive and often complicated, and it's imperative for me, as a student, to be correct as fast as possible. The result is that my grade (A) does not reflect my comprehension of the material. I managed to commit the material presented to short term memory so that I could pass the course, but as always happens when someone crams, the information is gone from my head.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Missing key examples and explanation of so many terms a good try though I appreciate their effort to provide free knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was great. I wish there was more coding and more examples as well as the videos showing more examples rather then slides with text of the properties.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very well explained. I think the professor is very good. But I expected to dive a little more in some details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview, but very detailed and definitely not for beginners - especially due to a lack of personal attention. I have had to supplement a lot of the material I missed through other resources. Still, a fairly good overview of CSS3 for those who already have a little understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the emphasis on the spoken language and the bullets on China and its culture. I wish we had also the Chinese characters as in the first course; there were problems with the computer assessment of some of the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher is very nice.I rated it with 3 stars only because this course does not contain any information about chinese hieroglyphs. In my opinion it is the main part of the language, and should be included.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's ok, good for remeber conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm torn about this course. The instructor's approach and enthusiasm are great, and the content seems fine. But with no direct access to the instructor, interactions come from discussion forums and peer reviewed assignments. The discussion forums were lifeless with virtually no staff participation. Throughout the 4-week course, there was one discussion thread with staff participation. Legitimate questions from students about content errors or technical problems went unacknowledged. Peer review is an understandable part of this course, but it has limited utility as the only feedback mechanism in a course populated by beginners.This course is still quite new. I believe it can and will be much better if the pool of students grows and there is more staff participation. It's still a worthwhile course as is, but a tougher sell than earlier courses in this sequence.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great teacher, but i was expecting more advanced content. The assignments were very basic.I loved the ear training videos.The fact that you cannot submit the quizzes and the final assignment unless you pay for it is awful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish there was something more interactive than videos and multiple choice questions.Maybe a simulation software or something fun like that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting concept and great insight into the workings of a research project, yet limited in scope, effectively the long term effects cannot be proven on evidence and the practical feasability of the ideal seems to be rather limited. I would love to eat more deer, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the course but I think that it could have been more informative and a bit less repetitive. It would have been nice to have had some concrete examples of balanced Nordic meals. The course failed to mention dairy products. This said, I really think that the concept of the New Nordic Diet is great and should be adapted and adopted in other parts of the world!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a Difficult one. I think less of reading work and more video lectures should be included.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is thorough and well-explained, but the tests' questions and answers are absurdly badly-designed so they become very difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
May be my english is too bad, but i found this course too difficult to understand, especially pick all the right answers in a list.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its all reading no lectures..was boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class was informative, but the delivery of the material was less appealing. Much of the material could have been presented without so much of Melissa's presence and waving hands. It was very distracting. More visuals of the sites, tools, and ideas would have been better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Better than the first, but it looks like each element was created in a single day. Some segments were repetitive and dragged on, though the instructor seemed both personable and knowledgeable. When the ONLY visual is the instructor, it gets hard to watch. An interesting model of both what to do and what not to do in creating your own online course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Less is more. Not always, but it would be in this case. A lot of the lectures are unwatchable for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the videos weren't as clear as the previous course's videos. I suggest less gimmicks and more focus on learning the history. I will admit there were times I was lost on the quizzes because the videos weren't clear enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the content should be presented more interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i dont want to know the history of language and the pendulum swing i just want a list short and simple in a single 20 min video and move one. this was so boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A great course and fully packed with interesting information about different methodologies thought time. Wouldn't give it 5 stars because most part during the video lectures are just silly and although I know the professor is trying his best to convey an idea, it seems like there are moments it just drifts away from the point. Also, the "angel x devil" debates are equally silly, opposite to the following overview video which is excellent. I'd recommend everybody to take this course but I certainly wouldn't do it again and neither dowload the videos for future reference.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not so interesting and boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very nice course, active forum, no issues technical or otherwise -but- it is more about science than Philosophy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excelent but haven´t this material in englishThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Seemed like a good course, however I could not stand this professor's voice so if that doesn't bother you I'm sure it is decent. (it might possibly be the poor audio that is off putting as well)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
OK but was expecting better. I was missing the structure a little bit.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much ideology, need more tools to use in daily work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would be much better if it cited the studies that the professor refers to in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While this course has great content, it lacks interactivity, exercises, peer learning opportunities and leaves desiring more real-life use cases and examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd encourage some refinement of the quizzes, for clarity purposes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
some quick and interesting input; kind of basic and superficial, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is perfect, however, since I am a person who prefers more concise information and pragmatic skills, the teaching examples with analyses might seem lengthy and not so efficient for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor Jack looks very skilled in iOS, but is not very skilled in organizing his thoughts. Lot of sentences are changed halfway, making it frustrating and very hard to follow along.As in part one there is a steep chasm between the final peer assessment and the presented theory. Components required for the final assessment are introduced in part 3 of the specialization, which is to say a little late.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are much better than Module 1 BUT still too thin on information required to complete the final assignment. I probably spent 30 hours in all completing the assignment because I had to spend so much time looking up material that was not covered in the lectures. A lot of my time got wasted since it is very difficult to figure out the syntax/structure of the language from the very skimpy lectures &/or the very technical Apple documentation.Also, not ONCE did the instructors participate or respond to the forum discussion so it was not a surprise that the forum was barely used at all.I am stuck with soldiering on with the next 2 modules since I pre-paid for the specialisation but really I am very disappointed with what I am getting for a paid course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good but I would really appreciate it if MVC was tackled in more detail. Also, I wish there was a video about UICollectionView. There were materials online about it but none of them was helpful for this this course's project.It was also a bit confusing to follow some sequence. Some codes were added then removed then added again. The explanation was sometimes confusing too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are no notes for the course and the structure is quite loose. There are no assignments besides a final app. The time frame is difficult to keep up with, if you're not a full-time student. You'll spend time looking stuff up and re-running videos. If you've never had a course using Xcode, this will be a steep-learning curve.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Jack Yu is good person but don't why he does not his sentence and tells the less important thing first and the most important in last and because of this speaking style I am having difficulty in deep conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Constraints were hard to understand even after re-watching the videos. I think more time could have been spent on the videos and more information could have been relayed to the students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Relevant and well organized material when looking at it, but in total it is way too thin. More tips and tricks about Xcode as a tool would have been nice. Some of the videos are pretty unrehearsed. One of the lecturers hesitates and stutters a lot.As for the final assignment. Being reviewed by only three persons is too few. One of my reviewers had problems with his Xcode environment and couldn't run my submission. Guess how he graded me. The other reviewers had no problems, luckily.There is almost no help to be found in the discussion forums, which seems pretty buggy. There are no TAs and the staff doesn't seem to be very active either.I'm sure the course will improve in the future. It's at the time of writing the only Swift/Xcode/iOS MOOC on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
needs weekly code testsneeds more quiz questionsneeds more usage samples - e.g. autolayout/specific UI components gotchasThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thank you.With all my respect to authors, I skipped Parham again and found a few errors, for example statements like "if bool == true" and layout related errors in the "starter" app at the end of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A big improvement on the first course. Still, the material is not enough or you should have to do small exercises to prove that you understand the material. But progress is there.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting something more in depth for methods and functions on swiftThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is really helpful, but definitely need an improvement.-Lot of information is Missing.-Need to be more clear in the lectures.-Similar course named iOS App Development for Entrepreneurs by UCI is constructed in much better way than this. Please take a look at it and try to make changes.-Udemy courses are more helpful, however i always prefer to learn with Coursera because of its reputation. So, please teach more stuff and help students to make most out of it.-The assignment was really challenging and interesting too. My humble request is to MAKE A VIDEO OF THE ASSIGNMENT WITH ALL BOUNS AND PUBLISH IT AFTER THE DEADLINE, that would be really helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Much better than the first course on the specialization. More structured, easier to follow. The final assignment was challenging but not out of reach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This could've been better, but i understand that you want to minimize time of videos, but at the end it lacks many information about delegates and protocols and so onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs Improvement.Lecture and associated staff should participate more in the discussion forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quality of the course is not as I expected from a Coursera course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In short, I am somewhat disappointed with the course overall. Of course both speakers have amazing experiences and that is valuable in itself but I do believe the structure of the lectures is not envolving as it should be. It seems that the basic rationale is being 'fired' in a not so much 'educative fashion'. Still there is much to learn from these contents.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course and Assignments were good, but don't hope for an answer in the discussion forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Discussion forums for this course was not quite helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The concepts taught were very useful and interesting, but the only drawback I found with this course was the confusing nature of the Mini-Project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
OK, big improvement from first 2 in this seriesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fascinating material; but accent of the lecturer was sometimes difficult to understand. The peer reviewed essays were good topics; but in one case definitely should have attached to the following week. The multiple choice tests, however, seemed to focus on trivia. Flawed; but still a really interesting course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A fascinating course but delivered in a rather wooden fashion by the lecturer. Good illustrations. I would have liked to have known more of the overall value (if any) of the Jewish contribution in the context of Chinese economic development i.e. was it of any overall importance- did it make any difference? Is it still relevant?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content was nice. Delivery was good. Learn a lot that I have never been aware of.Course logistics was lacking. Hard to keep track where one was. Information about the course was sparse.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most interesting topic, previously unknown. excellent illustrations, although flashed up too fast. Poor, sometimes erratic and tiring verbal presentation, which sapped energy for peer reviews.Can be greatly improved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Bare bones. Pros: mostly clear, Cons: it may require outside supplements to fully understand and complete the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I love the content overall. However, I'm very disappointed that there are no video lectures at all. Ironically, I could find some old video lectures of this course on YouTube. The difficulty of this course warrants video lectures to convey many concepts and techniques, such as the Fitch system.Hopefully you can add video lectures back to this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too slow for my likingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Reading and only reading! Could have at least a voice, some interaction!And is too expensive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a little dry and boring,but it's very usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great experience and basic knowledge of PE & VC but too much theory, and no descriptions given about the assumptions made while valuation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am almost done with the course. The course Is a great intro touches on some of the important subjects but it lacks the depth required to cover the topic appropriately. would love to see a specialization in this topic with more hours and content covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is not enough material. Course should be longer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introductory course to the world of VC but fails to provide a deep enough dive into issues of internal VC/PE deal flow evaluation, processes. Not analytical enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great overall material.I think work needs to be done in order to improve the presentation of new concepts and vocabulary as well as the English of the speaker (and the corresponding caption).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very nice introduction in the private equity world, I like that the differences are explained between the anglosaxon an european systemsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really good and the professor well prepared. It should include more real life examples and it should analyze a real PE firm or fund. Most of the courses are abstract and they do not analyze a real life case.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some few interesting insights on epistemology, but nothing moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first few topics of the course were really insightful and valuable, but this trend didn't hold out for the whole course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite low level of detail - skips over lots of the underlying mathematics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sad to know that I need to pay inorder to get a online certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are great, but the assignments are way too easy. It gives little grasp of the difficulties involved in ML.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introductory course. I recommend this course highly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is a good beginner course with lots of detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well constructed and easy to follow, but lacks mathematical derivation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introductory course. It would have been nice to see some more deep mathematical demonstrations of the formulas, at least as optional videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Matlab is very out of trends nowdays.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a great specialization - enough detail while still being high level and pretty clear and easy to follow. I was sad that they ditched the last two courses though - was really looking forward to them, and the specialization feels really incomplete without them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
got better as I went along. The first few weeks were a little roughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides a good description of the different types of Machine Learning algorithms. Yet, it doesn't include how to apply these in real assignments. And includes very little the combinations of different disciplines like Computer Vision, NLP and Data Science. This makes it very difficult to parse the content, and think about how to create applied applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Here I compare it with the data science course I took this semester (AC209a, Harvard University). This course is very introductory, with limited depth in the programming assignments. I recommend this course for those who have not take any data science / machine learning course yet.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simple and accessible introduction to Machine Learning for people without strong Maths and IT background. Can become quite slow and boring (almost irritating) if you come from an engineering or technical background (some videos could have been summarised in half of the time).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's so low that I can do nothing now after learning with every work in this course done.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I gained a solid conceptual understanding of Machine Learning, its terms, problems, and solutions. But I consistently felt unprepared for applying it in Octave.The audio is poor and frustrating, which the course addresses in the first week by essentially saying, "deal with it". Also, the instructor has no idea what "intuition" means, but uses it incessantly. It's a small nag, but it builds up over 11 weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learnt the basics of machine learning. Looking forward to learn more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good introduction to ML.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, but very practical at the expense of theory. A few mistakes in the lectures and some bugs in the scripts of the programing assignments that you need to manually correct, but not to bad. Very nice as a basic course if you have limited interest in math and just wanna start applying it. If you are interested in the math behind or mainly neural networks (which are only covered briefly), this is not the course for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very useful course for newcomers to Machine Learning.The basic ideas are plain and clear and its cover major aspects.However, the value of the course would be much higher if the real practical examples are used in roll forward manner. For instance, throughout the course we are considering housing pricing from the plain gradient descent algorithm to much more complicated issues.So far, topics are too theoretical. An sometimes it is hard to apply to the practice.Moreover, it is nice to add the course with notes in pdf format because to listen or watch video lectures is not convenient. At least, it would be nice to have the set of outer links to read each topic in details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice introduction. Not formal enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Despite I guess the course has a pretty good coverage of the ML basics, it is definitely just an introductive class. In particular I was surprised by the low quality of the material.The following are my notes and suggestions:-- I found the lectures highly redundant, with many unnecessary repetitions-- using a vector notation (like an arrow or a simple line on top of the letters) throughout the course would have make formulas much more readable-- too much hand writing on the slides while talking: a better set of slides with blocks of text shown at the right moment would be much smoother and readable-- very, very poor video editing (many times it's clear some parts of the videos were meant to be cut!!)-- the desire to create a format suitable for people with a scarce algebra preparation lead to use not the appropriate terminology, which would be more correct and easier to understand. Just realize that ML is basically applied math, and without a good math knowledge it is almost pointless to approach the subjectThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
homework assigments in matlab are way too painfulthinking about if i should add x0 = 1 or not, X or X', how to sum over i,j,k, that was ok in 2010 but in 2016 there are tools that will spare us such detailsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The initial course is too heavy in theory without enough examples or exercises to follow up upon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too simple course. It may be nice for juniors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gave a good introduction but with little proofs or derivation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very educational. Maybe a short course in Liner Algebra could be included on Coursera also I have noted some of the assignments are a few years old as I have seen a few attempts to solve these on the web dating back to 2011. Maybe these should be changed to keep the ideas fresh.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maths covered is very preliminary. But the coverage of course is great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview of machine learning. In general focuses more on how to do, but due to course length skipped on some of the how or why in certain topics. Good mentor responses. Lecture video pause points are bugged. Lecture and assignments are quite detailed to walk you through it. Course content not designed to be difficult. Weeks are not very balanced. Some weeks take longer than other weeks, and you don't really know until the week starts. One thing I really dislike is you can't take notes online while watching the video. You'll have to do it elsewhere (on paper, on notepad). There isn't a quick summary of topics covered in the video you can go to. This would help if you wanted to rewatch a certain part but couldn't recall which video it was in.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is useful, but too verbose.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am halfway through the course and while the course is able to give good intuitions of what's going on at any one point in time it often lacks dept.The real reason I'm rating it 3/5, though, is that the mathematical notation is all over the place. You will find a matrix product such as A*B' only to go on and implement A'*B. This is SO confusing.I would still recommend this course, but you should definitely record every single lesson again without mistakes and fix those errors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was quiet mathematical for a beginner like me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
After years ,the math part of the course was difficult. Anyway, good course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a great intro to machine learning, but it needs to be polished and updated. There's too much discrepancy over the assignment descriptions and the tutorial discussions. Tom Mosher is fantastic in the tutorial forums - would have spent many hours wandering aimlessly if it wasn't for his guidance. However, he does point out many holes in the course as it currently is, and I'd have to agree with him. Linear algebra review should absolutely be a requirement prior to the beginning of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
At later stages also , examples should be used for explanation !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have loved a little more theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe this course is great at all, but I also have to say there are a lot of machine learning algorithm should be taught in this course, such as Decision Tree, Naive Bayes, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are a number of issues with this course, and more generally Coursera. While the course does cover the material, it uses non-standard mathematical notation. This can be very confusing and seems as if it is purposefully so. There are several mathematical abstractions used that perhaps have a purpose in later machine learning applications but seem unnecessary here.Another issue is that the course assumes the use of Octave which is not available for Windows users apparently. It also allows the use of MatLab but the quiz questions are in Octave which means the quiz is not necessarily testing understanding of the course material as it is Octave.Generally, the opportunities for feedback to Coursera are highly limited. A colleague once took a course online (through another platform). Some of the course material was objectively wrong. However, there was no ability to submit feedback. I have the sense that this could easily happen with the Coursera material. It totally undercuts the apparent validity of the platform.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good , but elementary ( undergrad level)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course especially for math/cs students - a lot of focus is put on explaining the math behind algorithms and equations, so if you search for practical examples and use cases, maybe try to look for another courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am mixed on this class. I like it Ok because it gives you a deep level of understanding behind the numerical underpinnings of basic machine learning algorithms. But I don't feel like it's helping me become effective at using them. The course would get a higher rating if it focused more on practical applications, and not so heavy on the algebra. Also, it would get a higher rating if it used Python, rather than Octave for the programming platform.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
fairly easy, good for startThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand that many people want to quickly jumping on the topic, but there should be a minimum set of prerequisites before starting this class. This would avoid digressions such as explaining basic vector/matrix operations or unnecessary calculus reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If only the audio was clearer. Subtitles are also out of sync.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Audio quality is not great. Also, all concepts could be easily taught in Python rather than Matlab.Great material never the less.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Poorly described, but versatile in coverage. Could do with accessing Lecture Notes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments are too easy. I am not able to practice optimization methods implementation (Like - fmincg etc).Video lectures are good but at some places lack the explanation (Like how do we get the cost function of neuralnets). Still very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has provided the insights into what is machine learning and how machine learning algorithms works. It would be good if it can provide real world problems and how to approach to solve them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course. Introduces the basics well with a good emphasis on the underlying math. Bayesian techniques are missing. Also another suggestion : assignment submission in other languages , especially R - the industry language for prototyping ML algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A much awaited end for a very compelling specialization! Nevertheless, the work felt a little bit lonely since there was not any input from faculty staff, which led to some unsatisfactory feeling after some peer reviews.Other than that, it was a great opportunity to make a very interesting research and analysis in the framework of what we have learn in the topics of microeconomics, macroeconomics and data presentation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instructor is very dry. Needs better on camera presence and ability to communicate the ideas. There should be more homework for practicing the material covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very informative in the areas it covered, Unfortunately it almost totally ignored the Israeli Arabs who make up about 20% of the population; perhaps it is normal to exclude them in Israel, but this is supposed to be an international course. With regard to the 'peace process', we were informed that one of the major problems with 'peace negotiations' between Israel and the Palestinians was the 1948 issue, yet Rabin was clearly murdered because it was thought he would return land occupied in 1967 - so your analysis doesn't quite add up. As right wing and religious extremism in Israel and amongst the settlers has clearly worsened since Rabin's death it would have been appropriate to explained how it is now possible with a two state solution, and how todays level of extremism is likely to affect Israel itself.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very informative but the slides were a little boring. The content could have been more engaging. Sometimes the supplementary reading contained examples that could have been better explained in a video. I would have appreciate a more comprehensive explanation of content on slides using markers or pointers. Sometimes I did not know where I needed to focus. I hope the instructors create more videos for the same content. This is may be because I am more of a visual or an engaged learner.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content could have been boiled down to about 3 lectures. Most of it was common sense. The high level over view of the life cycle of data analysis projects was interesting and overall this was a good introduction to the field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is quite general, I liked the examples, although there could be more varied examples from many other dissimilar disciplines.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of talking head videos without enough visual aids to solidify the adult learning process. Not very "Executive level" as the course title and description imply. I would expect more "TED Talk" level lectures and materials, with plenty of real-world examples. Content in these courses seem more "new manager / new supervisor" level, if not actually geared toward an undergrad audience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lot of talking, lack of visual, templates, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Personally not a big fan of Roger Peng's approach while teaching. The lessons get a bit confusing, and so does the questions from the quiz.Jeff Leek's approach is more calm and simple.Nevertheless, the course in general is really good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think these courses need to be condensed into a single one as the contents are rather limited individually.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very short. Quality of the course is OK.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Didn't get much into the managerial aspect of a data analysis. Instead, it covered best practices for conducting a data analysis. Not the same thing and a little disappointment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too theoretical for my needs but gives a good background to how to approach analytics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lecture component not as concise or well edited as expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much substance to take from this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
long lectures, hard to understand material. Filmed in interesting locations relating to subjects. Not easy but worth the effortThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
NO ESTOY DE ACUERDO CON QUE SEAN LOS ESTUDIANTES LOS QUE REVISEN EL TRABAJO FINAL DEL CURSO. DEBERÍA SER LA DOCENTE.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
informative but somewhat redundant. You can learn this stuff just fine at a stable. Tedious course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good basic information overview. Helpful instructor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Professional communication should be clear, correct, and effective. The course has helped me to improve these skills. Congratulations to everyone who took this challenge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great teacher, although I would rather need more examples of elaborate emails, that I could use at work.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clear and essenzial focus on the main aspectsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Brief and accurate course. It provides useful information for writing professional emails. It´s a pity that the free version does not include assignments and peer´s review.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Entry level for writing English emails.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Unfortunately we can not submit our tasks with do Un upgrade in our account.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content, feels very automatedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course, with valuable information about Storytelling applied for Leadership in organizations. However, don't expect much depth in the classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good, but exercises could be improved, should also add a few interactive quizzes (e.g. a quiz before the segment to ask what they think are the 3 - 4 factors of X,Y,Z; then a quiz at end to summarize). Also add sources.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good course although the assignment at the end left a lot of room for improvement. Instructions were not clear and as a result, most of the assignments I graded didn't meet the scoring matrix...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs to cover more material in a more engaging way. Felt too lecture-based and observational. Possibly story-telling itself needs to be anchored more to specific usage occasions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that this course could have more content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is OK. Not too informative or too poor. However, it is in the same context with its specialization series.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final assignment could use a little bit of work, from a clarity standpoint. I actually think that the exercise is quite rewarding, but the expectations of, and directions for participants aren't entirely clear (and that's coming from a native English speaker).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good, I missed a deepening of Storytelling elementsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first two weeks are focused on self growth, while the third is too focused on the company... I think it is a little bit incoherent. Anyway, it is a good course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the course and the material; I would suggest to include quiz, to the end of each section.As well, it will be easier to write a story from final task after each section, not at the very endThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic was so intersting but the content was not enought practical!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good basic course for money managementThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic course and good for high school to undergraduates as the title suggest. Good for overview of managing your finance. Budgeting which is the cornerstone of managing money is well talked about.Very limited coverage on the investing portion and I disagree that intelligent speculation in the stock market is the way to educate individuals starting out on investment. I would prefer Dr Navarro teaching this topic and hearing his perspective on stock market. Asking people to cash out when a stock lose 10% is equivalent to selling low and buying high. A better question is has the business change when the stock price drops. A better read would be The intelligent investor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because it was very general for me. But, for undergraduates and beginners, this is a good introduction and for them I would rate it 4 or higher. One suggestion, make this course a little harder by introducing some numerical problems or making the course with some more depth. I would reccomend these course to almost all freshmen and sophomores as essential to building good financial skills for their future.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course is to basic. It's more for people who not has managment educational formation looks more like a personal financial course. its can get better but they need to add more advancing subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good general information on basic financial literacy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course contained good information and it was discussed in a clear and easily understandable fashion. I was a bit disappointed though that the level was pitched quite low and so didn't answer a lot of the questions I have. If you have next to no financial literacy, however, this would be an invaluable course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, though much of the content is relatively basic and only qualitative (for a professional, might be good for a new student). Wouldn't recommend following *all* the advice (e.g. on topics such as debt) but it's anyway interesting to have the perspective, and it definitely makes very interesting points.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm not going to recommend this course strongly. I learned from it, not denying that. The reading materials were great. There are critical organization issues to learn. But there are two things I don't like. First, the assignment is not well designed. Article reflection is a convenient way to give an assignment but sometimes off the topics in the course notes. Other courses have along assignments but they are much better designed. Second, the instructor threw a lot of terminologies with much explanations. I don't think people would ever remember or use them correctly. Why bother using them?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course lacks coherence which comes as a big disappointment as it follows two excellent modules by Greg Northcraft.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I appreciate the logic behind this class, the content seemed very subjective and loose compared ot the class prior.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The vast majority of reviews for this course are glowing. Well done!Coming from a non medical background I found this course very challenging. I hardly used any of the suggested readings or references as I found them too technical. I had to start at a more basic (high school) level and work my way up. After many hours of work, many failed first attempts and countless hours of eating comfort food, I eventually reached week 13. Did I feel ready for the final exams? I suppose it doesn't matter because I did pass and received my certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is a little hard to student who not major in medicineThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
for me too much graded questions - but in generall the course is goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hi team, I just had one feedback on the course content that there were some principThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a lot of reading existing content, less from the master himself :).. was hoping to get more business case examples. still, an amazing introductory course. thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I suggest including more practical examples in the videos in order to further understand the theory. Also, some concepts are mentioned but not explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was Super Boring Course Im sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content could have digged deeper a bit more and the assignments could have been harder.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very basic course. The contents do not cover a whole lot of ground. I personally did feel that there is a lot of repetition and this course did not help much . I somehow feel this course and the next ( the practical one ) could have been combined into one. Otherwise, not worth 2 courses of money.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found that the five points to learn for each module become overly distracting. I hope the course doesn't face any constraint to get the five points. Otherwise, the course is fairly good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This stage of the course i feel could be summed up to just one week worth of work. It mainly revolves around ZMOT and best marketing analytics and data collection techniques and rawly around 30 minutes of content, and the last week was more of a "let's sum up". Compared to the first stage where every single week had a new subject, with lots of content this one i feel, just didn't cut it. I do feel I learned a lot from it...and i plan to finish the specialization, but this one should be aided as part of another another module.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course but would have liked some additional video discussions from practitioners in the field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative, but needs more challenging assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
sometimes is dense, a little bit boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For an introductory course it is ok, however can't help get the feeling that the material is just skimmed through. In an effort to structure each session in the same way, detail has been missed out. Practical examples and hands-on exercises are very inadequate. Not impressed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I don't like the peer review. I don't find it helpful at all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good course, but a bit elementary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor is really makes the topic boring. I would also like to see more examples of real world application.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good class but very little case studies or real world example.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
well organized but need more assignments and practical assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is very similar to the Marketing analytics in practice oneThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compliments: The course introduced me to a number of reporting and research tools that I was not aware of. I have also become a great fan of Avinash Kaushik and his blog in the process.Criticism: The lecturer could have gone into more details in many areas of his course as opposed to just assuming that the prescribed reading material had been read. Many detailed points were glanced over and one prescribed reading material (Peterson, E. T. (2004). Web Analytics demystified) was written in 2004 and as a result much of the information presented in this text book is very outdated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Short and sweet, easy and quick and gives a genX some insight into GenY (and now GenCThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor knows a lot, but it could be a more deep course rather than just a introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good introduction in digital marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is much too easy, to my mind. Some more practical exercises or more readings in fundamentals could be a nice addition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This Module was very interesting. It just have to be updated as things change so fast!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecturer seems to be reading off the text - could be better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really worse than previous too. Information is to abstract, the teacher tells some obvious things. The one thing I liked are course materials - for this I give 3 stars, not 2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is good but I see some space for improvements in the structure and delivery. I would like to just give positive feedback: 1) the videos and power point slides are broken in too small parts. Each movie/power point starts with the same advertisement and music and it is taking time and attention. Suggestion is to reduce the nr. of videos/presentation to just one or two. 2) for some reason the teacher is looking for my "rigth side behind my shoulders" and not "to my eyes". I guess there is a small mistake on the camera positioning. It results in loosing the eye contact. 3) There is no "call to" go to forum for open discussion. There are no suggestions to topics to be discussed as well. All the forum sessions are empty. The course shall ask comments on the forum like the other courses do. Apart of that small issues, overall the content is quite important and the instructor is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Instructor is excellent and easy to follow. The readings were rich with information. The subject matter is very good, the quizzes reinforce the information instructed, and the testing is sufficient.I would rate the course a 4.5 with the exception of the Peer Review portion. The staff does not enforce the Rubric Instructions for the Peer Review(at least my experience).Most reviews do not critique, offer constructive criticism, and in some cases I am confident, the answers were not even read. I would like to know why a score was felt appropriate... if I received a 10, what worked so well? If the score was a 7, what can I do, in your opinion, to improve the answer? The overwhelming majority of reviews were simply "very good", "excellent", and "nice job". These answers do not fulfill the rules outlined at the start of each course and I believe students not completing the Review properly should have their grades reduced or listed as incomplete.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was good, however Prof Clifton is very difficult to listen to and watch on the videos. Mistakes in the PPT and her presentation skills do not meet the expected standard. She seemed as though she didn't know the material and is seemingly unaware of what is required for successful on-camera delivery of lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The proposition of the course is very interesting. The content, especially from the required book is very good but I think the instructor could dive deeper in the content of her lectures and they could be a little bit more dynamics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lesson is informative but the course professor does not share value on each slide. She's reading each point and does not provide additional insight.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video lectures are not engaging at all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not very creative in terms of approachThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The books, readings, and additional resources for studying are really good and helpfull. The only thing is that the videos where they explain the courses could be more fluid, dynamic and with a better domain of the tool by the professor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is basic content i wish it was a more outside just a lecture style where the lecturer just reads from the slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is good, but the way the lectures are given not so much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of this course is very good. However I feel it is unfortunate that the lecturer did not make an effort in preparing the presentation of the material. This makes a huge difference. Especially when it is an online course, the lecturer needs to bring the story to life rather than simply reading with hesitation from the slides in most instances.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was poorly put together with errors that are not fixed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course structure is okay and availability of course material e-book is big plus for the course.However there are negatives also.This is a course on "Digital Marketing" and it has to be taken to great heights in terms of content and delivery.Most critical issue is delivery. The most happening and lively subject like this needs a delivery in a exalted method. Though reference material is good collection but there is total disconnect between video lectures and those reference material at many instances.Revamp all video series. Add more case studies videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Among my registered courses in the specialization this course is the one that should be invested with more effort from creators in order to give students more practical lessons. Regards.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was pretty boring, repetition of Digital Marketing previous modules, would appreciate it more if the professor did a better presentation!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The landscape is quite basic and would require further development to be more relevantThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course but it's too much academic, I can see that you were talking things you don't understand or read a script without put any of your efforts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little bit too basic, I expected more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very slow pacing but ok contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some times the questions in the test were in my opinion irrelevant to the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would be great to make a voice-over in English as wellThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only average. Much is said, little information delivered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is wonderful and I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it. BUT, it is not well monitored, the peer review process is broken and questions are not answered, making it frustrating. For example, I wrote an essay and received a non-passing grade. I re-wrote it and submitted it. The comments back were very good, but the grade remained a non-passing one. Very difficult to figure it out. I posted a request for clarification and received no response. So, course GREAT, administration of course, not so much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
On scientific and philosophical reflections there are unbalanced focusing and biased approach to Enlightenment tradition of thoughts and Utilitarions views in particular, on the very contrary to what Prof. Shapiro explains in his MOOC "Moral Foundations of Politics".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a little annoying, because the videos are the same all the time... but the professor is very good, he knows so much about filosofy!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
though the flow of ideologies eventually became distinguishable, the comments on the several artists and philosophers noted were woefully uninformed and inadequate, even distorted, and the professor's eventual humming and hawing, irritating in the extreme, suggested that he was not at all prepared for his lectures - the final presentation of paintings without commentary at all was thus both a relief from his indecision and, at all of twenty minutes, an outrageous waste of time having left all of these however masterful works without any appreciable contextThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very compressive , not long enough and still there is many info i didn't get !! :(but thnx any way for ur effort :DThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Did not like the peer-graded dynamic, and also the lectures were pretty basic, I felt that it lacked depths in some subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was disappointing compared to the first course in the series (Introduction to Data Science). If you enjoy reading academic papers and peer reviews then this course is for you. If you don't then just search the web for tutorials on Matplotlib and Seaborn.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I gave the feedback to the detailed survey by the University of Michigan. I enjoyed the course but I would like some more guided work before facing the assignments. I think the professors can elaborate better the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The last week assignment is easier and no strict rules to achieve. The majority will do the minimum to finish the course.It would be more efficient to push all students to make hard plots in Matplotlib (interactive + animation) with strict rules.This is not a level of an intermediate course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first week was interesting as it broke down the different layers that occur behind the scenes of matplotlib. The next couple of weeks felt a little shallow and rushed. Maybe we will explore more of the functionality in the later courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty well structured class, but quite expensive considering very limited lectures and assignments that are mostly "find your own challenge on the internet".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course that could be better.I think that this course provided a reasonable introduction to Matplotlib, but the lectures need to go a bit deeper and provide more examples. The course left too much of the work to the student. [For your reference, I have a PhD in Mathematics, taught for several years at a highly selective undergraduate college, and have extensive experience in industry as a Matlab and SAS user.] The homework assignments were substantial, and I enjoyed doing the final assignment which required merging two or more datasets using Pandas and then Matplotlib to plot relationships. The course website provides estimates of the number of hours required to complete the assignments, but these were gross underestimates because so much about Matplotlib was left to the student. I would have preferred a bit more lecture time, more examples, and a few side tutorials on using Jupyter and notebooks (how to download and upload), especially since we were grading the code of our fellow students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Seemed more introductory, here are the tools - go have fun rather than actually teaching teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first course in this series was really good and this one was so-so at best. I got some skills out of it since I obsessively plotted everything and over did the assignments, but the peer grading rubrics are crap. It's all or nothing so if you submit *anything*, you get a grade (and it usually approaches 100%) but I didn't really get much helpful/thoughtful feedback on anything I did since you literally get ZERO feedback from the instructors (nothing!) nor did I get much in the way of helpful info from the people who peer reviewed my work. I find that pretty disappointing really.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
First of all, the instructor is very responsible, keep updating information on the forum and course material. The course is a decent level of basic plotting technique review, should be in more detail. Compared with the first course of this specialization, this second course is much less challenging, require less effort to accomplish. The first course is the one attract me of this specialization, the second one, somehow, is a bit disappointing, especially compared with plotting skill of R in another data science specialization, which is even an elementary level course. This course cannot be labeled as intermediate level.Another problem with this course is the peer review, the grading policy should be changed to punish irresponsible reviewers, no useful feedback got. What kind of responsible one provide feedback in two words, where require to answer three questions (week 4 assignment) to review.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent overview but could have spend more time showing plotting techniques in more detail than showing what makes an appealing plot. Also The section on the back-end of MatPlotLib was more detailed than it needed to be for quick overview but not detailed enough to be very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This subject could be more productive if they'd go a little bit more into details on how to start and apply all the strategies they have taught us.I do appreciate the hard work and knowledge sharing on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is not a bad quality-price course but after working Accounting and Finance IESE courses I have to say that this one does not have the same level. To improve specially content organization: firt week is very heavy comparing with the others. The first and the last videos of the course, in Starbucks, in a very windy day, they have a very bad audio. The fourth week exam doesn't offers the pdf of the results. In final exam results they say 3,8 is 45% of 15,3 ¿?... Anyway, I expect more quality in the next course of the program "Managing people"...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content was mostly great and clear, but on occasion it lacked proper elaboration and definition of subjects discussed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the idea of this course is excellent, the reason I gave this course 2 stars is because of the logistical issues with the peer review process. SInce the idea was for participants to develop a project with ongoing editing based on peer feedback, this process is key. There were issues with accessing comments from peer reviewers and not enough submissions for me to complete all the required peer reviews. In the end, coursera staff were able to override the last bit so I could complete the course, but the experience was quite frustrating and disappointing. The other learners who I did have a chance to share work with were wonderful and thoughtful and several also expressed similar frustrations. This capstone course could be improved with the addition of supervisory staff/project mentors. Overall, however, the 4 course series was excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very few o no information about the Latin AmericaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
We need less lectures and more application based courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Given the great reviews I expected a lot more from this course. It does cover some new developments and provides good examples, but otherwise quite boring and standard fare.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course itself is interesting, but cases need to be updated. Digital world is changing very fast and articles from and examples from 2010 and even from 2012-2014 are not actual anymore.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general I liked the course and content! However, some cases studies should be updated. The digital world changes dramatically fast and the course must follow it. We always expect to learn the latest trend and current examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is already old and needs to be updated. Of course it is still actual, but still - the newest text are from 2014, so newer examples would be great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic, lack of academic insights, too much simplification of the concepts.Suitable and for sure insightful for participants without any business background whatsoever, but not for others.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor is excellent and presentation materials are very good. I gave only three stars because much of the course content is outdated by over 5 years and in some cases over 10 years!. This is unacceptable in a digital marketing college level course because the technology evolution cycle is getting shorter with each passing year and some of the case study examples are now obsolete.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the examples used and the assignments given were quite old dated that no longer exist. Also, some of them were region specific tasks. This is a global course site and hence course structure should be such that every region could easily access the information and can contribute well in the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very elementary introduction of key concepts. Some of the material is a bit dated too.Overall, it was structured nicely and not terrible.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was informative and engaging. However, the process of receiving peer reviews on exercises was extremely frustrating and detracted from my overall satisfaction with the course. Many people ignored the grading criteria and gave me a lower score than was warranted, despite having answered the question(s) fully, referencing lecture material and even including additional information sources (all of which was referenced with links). I know that I am not alone in this experience, as these types of comments come up frequently in the forum posts. Since there is no recourse for a poor grade other than to resubmit an exercise to a new cohort of peers and hope that they are more fairly critiqued, this grading process puts students at the mercy of peers who either do not understand or do not care about the instructions for grading each other's work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great learning overall. The down side I've found is that Peer review assignment, some of the peers don't review my assignments nicely, I tried to make interaction but seems not working.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for someone seeking to know fundamentals of Digital Marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This Course needs a Update, im really disappointed of Week 4 and the Assignments are Outdated and nothing newThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Found it to be a bit outdated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good start to the course. Though I feel more energy and enthusiasm by the instructors would uplift the course. Some content is not prevalent at present (outdated).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting concepts and introduction to the specialization but I wish the lectures were more natural and energetic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting to have a broad view of how marketing tools create value to consumer nowadays.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The concepts and knowledge this course covers are useful and practical. The length of the videos is the only thing I dislike. Sometimes they are too long.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found it to be a very basic course, instead of being offered as a separate course this could actually be covered in one module as part of the advanced level. Also, some of the case studies are outdated as i could see the course was developed in 2014. given that its a digital marketing related course, it becomes all the more important to have more recent and relevant case studies for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course definitely enhanced my marketing knowledge but I recommend it be updated. Assignments such as Red Laser should be updated considering the app has been shut down.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought the course was illuminating and a great start to the specialization. I had me thinking and discussing what I learned. Professor Aric could use a little more energy as he had a very scripted feel to the lecture videos which almost felt like he was reading from the marketing dictionary. However, he was very thorough and informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall okay, but feels quite outdated. As a marketing professional and child of the digital age I feel like the course didn't go deep enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some good case studies and interesting content, but it's a 50,000 foot view of marketing. I was seeking a more technical and channel specific insights. This is much more conceptual and high level, so it was less useful for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the information dated and the exercises applied to digital marketing as a consumer first and foremeost secondarily as a B2C marketer. A B2B exercise would have been valuable as well because the markets act so different. Some of the exercises were not remotely useful. I did enjoy the Radiohead, Threadless, and Thingiverse exercises and learn from them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful eye opener in different directions.Out-dated, could use an wisp of technology update with a few years since recording.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos rather slow and don't keep you focus. Voice of the professor is rather low key and slow. Hard to pay attention at times. Even though there are examples, it should be more interactive with other videos rather than links of text.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course isn't what I anticipated. I see where many topics related to "marketing in a digital world", but most if any had a indirect relationship.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content was comprehensive, thorough and required note taking with preparation for quizzes. Solid academically.Some of the assignments required use of third party applications and websites that did function as anticipated or are no longer supported.Peer grading was very poor. It frequently seemed students did not read submissions, off handedly grading. At times comments did not match the scores, such as "nice work," or "good job," while giving only 3 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor is a bit monotone, he needs to be more animated. There are too many assignments , not all can be done while living outside the United States.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Terribly boring. Valuable information, nonetheless.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
May be too wide in terms of issuesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked that there were many practical exercises and it was talked about many crazy new technologies.Still, I feel that there was a lot of subtle publicity throughout the course and sometimes the focus was more on the promoting a brand than the lesson and knowledge itself (ex. 3dhubs, the professors lab, Daqri, ....).I understand that to understand better, we need examples, but I wonder if it could maybe be done in a different way.Nevertheless, I learned a lot.Thanks a lot for all the lessons!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a valuable course which tells you new innovative concepts about digital marketing, but I think many ideas introduced here are going to work for large businesses. so as a small business owner this course is not perfect for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course for practical knowledge of new marketing concepts / possibilities through the changing digital environment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
you cant do the final thing unless you pay so That minuses 2 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would give it a 3.5, with the extra 0.5 because of the great interaction, ease of use, and clarity of progress. It was pretty hard for me and I barely made it in under the deadline (jumping session to session to complete). You definitely need some R background by the end for the project. I expected to get more in information in using R for inferential statistics too... though there was a presentation and each lesson had followup for use in R. Great use of examples for each section. That helped me a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This level of detail was good for easier statistical concepts but there are much better courses on Coursera for Machine LearningThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not an intro class. But you can practice a lot if you know something.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Disadvantages : Lacks Rigour, Lacks Support from instructors , Expensive , Peer review ( this is somewhat bad as most barely give any comments, though towards the end, reviews tend to be pretty good). *** DISCLAIMER *** I am not statistically significant as i only receive 3 reviews per week.Advantages :Quick to earn cert, prewritten code available for easy use. Assignments on your own data. This is probably useful for people wanting to learn techniques for data analysis, who need not go too deep into the technique.I would recommend this to people learning techniques for data analysis in various non-mathematical and non-statistical fields, though the content lacks rigour, and you need outside sources to help understand techniques.This course IS NOT WORTH PAYING USD79, there are definitely other courses much more worth the money. You can audit it for free, if you do not want a cert.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not deep enough on diagnostic and interpretationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was okay for an introduction to the methods, but I would have liked to learn about them in more details, i.e. the course was too short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but could have explored the topic with more depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course stays a bit superficialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an interesting course but I'm disappointed at the lack of female lecturers/interviews. I'm a female and would appreciate leadership/encouragement via role models from educators in this traditionally male-dominated field.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very useful course with good information. Current iteration is a little rough as an online course, could use a little thought into the peer-review process works specifically around how to distribute the code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The contents of the course are interesting, but it feels too short, and the assignments trend to let you down (the scoring system is sometimes a bit brainless)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a good one for gaining more knowledge regarding managing peopleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The module of legal was very focus on US which does no apply to international students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was overwrought in general - seemed like it could have been accomplished in four weeks instead of five. The instructor was clear most of the time, but there were places were the concepts were unclear, probably 80 percent was on target. This might explain the inconsistent grading of written assignments. Needs some fine tuning, but worth the time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good but slightly basic. Great starting point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The concepts were interesting and helpful. It would be professional of the instructor to cite sources and employ classic principles of curriculum design. The construction of quiz items is a particular opportunity for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good for those who start, inspirational for whoever. Thanks. BlahoThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i supposed that may be i am not very clever so the content and the question after the class also make me confused. a little bit disapoint with this course. but i saw a lot people below think this a good course so may be i am wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
basic knowledge about synthesis that you get anywhere on the net.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is good and very interesting, but extremely little interaction takes place in forums, especially not at all from the moderators.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes I don't understand when the lecture gives some examples of an abstract conceptThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Course. Taught well. Should be free certificate. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really a fan of Mick's way of teaching, he seems to have spent most of his time playing with the music or drawing app rather than explaining the features. I also think it would have been helpful to explain more about the purpose of Session.get for retrieving the features and plotting them into data. I think one of the issues with this is there aren't really many active folks on the discussion, so it is difficult to try to find a solution to problems you are having.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just showing examples of some good projects and their code at most part of the course .Also comparing Meteor with Wordpress is wrong and I don't think Meteor will reach Wordpress.After all they are different tools for different jobs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its not bad, but its not great either..the teacher's passion for music may overcloud his jugment..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i thought the course is about showing us some examples of responsive web designs and how to make creative responsive websites as the title suggestbut the course is about 4 basic websites and how they are developed using meteorit goes on describing how to code this stuff and how the code logic is written and add a little to the meteor learning experiencei suggest you change the title of the course to be what the course is really aboutThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really liked the 2 first weeks, but when it came to the week 3 and 4 I started struguling more understanding the meaning of the multiple equation that where explained because of a lack of real life context use.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
On a whole I am satisfied with he expanse of the course curriculum. However, I wished it covered certain in greater depth such as the Quantitative methods of Marketing Research. Also certain parts of the Consumer Behaviour section were quite repetitive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite interesting course, I would prefer more practical examples. Week 4 could have been split in more sections. Was difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not up-to the expectation. Course content was not of that much strength. Other parameter were pretty well and test question of week 3 were good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a very theoretic course.I would have enjoyed it more if more real life examples were compared with all the theory.At some points I found it too tedious, even though I found marketing an interesting subject, I have to say that the last 2 weeks I found it really hard to pay attention and follow the class.Ways to improve it: More real life examples and more visual explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Long, especially the week on Iran. Really proud of myself for getting through it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I once had a boyfriend who said my mind was like an encyclopedia that had come free from its binding. To some extent that's true, and it makes me, I think, fun to drink with. I think the Prof of this course would be super fun to drink with, too. I can only imagine the directions the conversation would careen, how many diversions and reversions and tangents we would go on. In terms of instruction, though, I find it rather exhausting. First we're talking about Ottoman reforms, then a diversion into Goethe (or some other dour Teutonic thinker) then a tangent into- but we'll cover that in another video so in 1924, but if you read L'etranger.... I've taken to listening to the lectures while doing something else, and then parsing the transcripts, trying to tease out some sort of linear narrative for my notes and it's just so effortful and time-consuming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I took this course before when everything was still free... too bad I can only audit the course now. still good course though! :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Good:Very palatable content and provides information at a very slow pace for ease of learning.More reasonable content and far more worthwhile than the first Arduino course of the series.The Bad:Not worth the money when looked at generally. The first and second course could easily have been merged. A lack of introduction to electronic circuits also hinders full use of what is being taught.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I don't like to tie quiz to the paid courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very well Explained.Tried to cover basic in very systematic way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course, however more examples could be includedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good but I'd like a more complicated one. This is too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the pace was too fast. it would have been nice if there was any a complete but simple example after teaching each concept. specifically regarding I2C everything was in rush.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course contents are fine.Unfortunately the absence of a course board where students can discuss and eventually receive help from the teacher has an bad influence on the course overall ratingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not really in debt treatment of the subject. Lacks realistic applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course is missing some key elements for a complete beginner. I would suggest to expand on Bootstrap and how to work with it. For example, what do I do with the bootstarp files I have downloaded, where do they go, how to find their classes etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
We were introduced to Bootstrap, but not taught much about how to use it and how to structure our html for it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It focuses too much on bootstrap framework instead of in my view focusing on building responsive sites from scratchThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as good as the former three in the Specialization. The BootStrap part could be better in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand peer review is a bit difficult, but being quiz only made this course a bit too easy. Colleen is a great teacher though and I like her unique teaching style and viewpoint.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very helpful but sometimes it is too slowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too many videos with repetitive content. Homework was much more complicated than the information given.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some quiz questions ask about material that is not discussed until later lectures. Some quiz questions are vaguely worded. Course seems under construction - many later lectures unquizzed?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very nice, interesting but videos are too long comparing others courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material was very interesting! The videos were a bit too lengthy, however.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course but I would have expected more techniques (SVM for instance)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Turi stopped working on SFrame (at least on Github), and SFrame does not supports Python 3. Expect some difficulty if you use other tools like pandas - the programming assignment completely assumes you use SFrame. Fortunately data of csv format is provided, so you can complete it anyway but again, don't expect a smooth ride.Also the lecture tends to cover general concepts than mathematical details. I don't like it, but that would be a good point to the starters.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos were pretty goods. But a bit too slow and easy. The assigments were ok, but too guiding. Also there were too much reimplementation of algorithmThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well, after the regression course, which I actually found interesting, the classification course doesn't look so good. The programming assignments are mostly pointless. The use of graphlab doesn't make it better. The info presented in this course is rather superficial. If you're entirely new to machine learning, you could find some value in this course. If not, go buy a good book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared with the regression course, this course was a slight disappointment. 1. there is less material compared to the regression course. Maybe this is because classification concepts are more intuitive. 2. the slides are much less prepared. Some of the sides even re-use earlier lesson slides in the beginning as a "review", much like soap operas re-use scenes from earlier episodes as "memory recall" to fill air time. 3. the math is more handwavy compared to the regression course. Neither course are supposed to go in depth with proofs, but I felt the regression course was at the right level and this course degraded too far. Do note it's very possible that I'm biased because I have seen more of the material from this course than the regression course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All of the courses lecture are great until it reaches week 5 where it's really hard to catch, the programming assignment doesn't give enough hints and lecture in this topic doesn't help much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercises for Scikit-learn users were not organised.Course took too long to startThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
First. I like these courses allot. They are pretty close to covering just what you need to actually do machine learning in the real world and not dive too deep into topics that have no practical value.However:This course was a bit too thin, the last 4 weeks of the course contained little in depth informations and seemed to brush over allot of different topics that could have contained more information. Although they where important topics the course could go more in depth on at least 3 or 4 of those topics. The last 3 weeks could have been a course on its own if properly explored. However the concepts are well enough covered to be usable in practice i belive.The programming exercises where ridiculously simple. Everything was reduced to filling in 1 or two lines in a bigger function. I understand that the point was to see how these functions are made and that it increases our understanding of the algorithms already existing in packages like schikit-learn and graphlab. Also the content became a bit too repetetive (actually started in the second course but continues in this course). The time used on variation over the same topic in different models made it challenging to pay attention when the lecture finally came to a new point (brain fell a sleep while waiting for something new).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content seemed to be rushed out, as a result, the quality is not as good as the first two.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of interesting parts of the course are available as optional and a lot of the difficult parts of the coding exercises are provided to you - the challenge is not there. :/The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting and well taught. The professor is very enthusiastic and it makes the course fun to watch. The problem in my opinion is that the content is too superficial. It's completely lack of mathematical background and the programming exercises are sometimes no more than copy paste.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, but overemphasizes niche software product (graphlab).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very overwehelming with lots of names and without explanation, just like real lection in real university.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not the best one on coursera. Included many details that are not really relevant and quizes just checked if you memorized it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
average course not too good not too badThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not bad for refreshing your memory, as in my case - I already received the information while studied in academy, and new key principles but overall memory was shady and needed to be refreshed. But to speedy for a newbie in the area, pace could have been slower.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I rate this 3/5 because of how accurate it looks. I wish it was more practical and that gave some real explanations (not just "this concept is called like this... because it is called like this"). As I said, anyway, it has a plethora of notions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I miss the slides for static consulting alter the vídeo.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You have to pay to take the the tests. You might as well watch videos on YouTube or better yet get on Khan Academy. I did like the instructor. Even though he takes a while to warm up, he's really good at showing the big picture connections of why things happened.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am giving this 3 stars for one reason. Although the instructor was terrific and the subject matter interesting, you cannot take the quizzes/tests without purchasing the course (I like to test my retention of the material). As I am an elderly and retired audit-only student and have NO interest in getting a certificate or using the course for college credit, I found that off-putting and dropped the class. Hopefully, other Coursera courses are not going to adopt the same requirement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It does not let it show as completed unless you purchase the course and take the quizzes. Quizzes cannot be taken unless you purchase the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe the assessments focus on insignificant details mentioned in the presentations rather than the big ideas that I believed was the crux of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is much to praise: nice mapwork, a steady and organized march through time, and some interesting case studies (I especially enjoyed the lecture on Henry Adams).However, the title is a complete misnomer, as the course is regrettably white bread history. I found the approach stale and western-centric, as the content actually covers western Europe and the stretch of its influence through the time period. I also found myself questioning the veracity of many conclusions, as the lecture often had difficulty citing more than a couple specific points of evidence for his arguments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some pretty interesting start based on mathematics, but too lengthy obvious advice for someone who gets the concept right away.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was a lot to try to remember from one quiz to the next and I have memory problems, but if you're a person with normal memory abilities, I guess that wouldn't be a problem. I really enjoyed learning more about ancient Egypt.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative course for anyone not familiar with the ancient Egyptians; The quizzes have a low (50%) threshold in order to pass, but are not always easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was extremely easy. I hoped it would be more of a challenge. No homework, only a 10 questions test every week (that is also extremely easy). As someone who's always been interested in Ancient Egypt, I already knew some things and ended up being able to pass the tests with 90-100% without even following the course. It's really an introduction for people who are pretty much new to the subject, so I'd recommend it, but for people who are looking for something more, you might find it boring. Even though the teacher is nice, the description of the course made me hope that it would be more interesting visually. I mostly read the transcriptions instead of watching the videos, because the teacher would just stand there and talk without moving, and it was not stimulating to me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very enlightening course ... i would have liked to hear more about the mythology and the gods rolesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very basic overview of Egyptian history, not as detailed as I had expected. It didn't cover as many topics as I would have liked.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The subject is interesting, but the presentation is dry, boring, in monotonous tone. Feels like somebody is reading a text book. No pause between thoughts, no animation of any kind. I am sure, the professor is a great scholar and authority on the subject, but as a lecturer he is not that great. It is unfortunate, because I was eagerly waiting for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is obvious that a lot of effort has been put into producing this course but the assignments were just a bit too difficult. They were too involved and very unforgiving of small mistakes. It took more like 8 or 9 hours of problem solving and debugging and having to try different things and there was one every week so it became pretty frustrating as it really ate into my weekend.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The only setback I had was during the purchase of the course. My amount has been deducted from the bank, but no intimation from this is obtained, neither from Coursera nor Paytm. Please DON'T RUIN YOUR IMAGE because of this. Except for that , This is an excellent course material. Loved going through the videos and assignments. Was equally challenging and FUN to learn RORThanks :)PS : Please initiate the Re-Payment process or at least reply to student's grievances in the Help and Support Forum.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is really good for Ruby beginners but it doesn't provide enough basic information on Rails framework. The lectures are clear and of a good quality as well as course assignments. The one think I really didn't like is that if you use a new version of Rails you'll have to downgrade. It's not a big problem but new versions bring new functionality and give more power to the developer. But if you don't know Ruby and Rails at all this is a good place to start.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For an introductory course, you really need to move fast and stay focused as there is a large amount thrown at you in a very short time. While this was all very good information, I would much rather have 6-7 at least to spend more time and have more exercises with the code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This one starts out pretty slow, in fact I had a hard time getting myself excited about working through the material unlike the ML specialization. However, it does get better at the end. Not sure I'm sold on this specialization yet, but we will see after the next course. I think overall from Coursera I'd like to see more interaction and graded programming exercises in between videos to really hammer the concepts home.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course. A thorough introduction to ruby on rails.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1. please the instructor speak loud and clear. As English is not my first language.2. please the instructor and mentor check QA and answer them timely.3.Too many information to understand in 3 weeks of courses, Ruby, Rails, Gem, Bundle, Rspec, Unit Test, Black Box Test, and Food2Fork, Heroku.4. And only 3 weeks the instructor could not make these knowledge areas which I list in point 3 clear. Instructor said that we are not cover this point in this lecture in different lessons several times, so skip over something until this course finished. I suggest that add 2 more weeks to this course.5. I like the assignments from this course, these assignments job help me recall what learned in the courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final module is vague , but the course is nice as a wholeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good but the examples could have been better and there could have been more material. But whatever syllabus was there in this course it was clearly explainedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
No really what I expected. It's too advanced for a beginner to Ruby and web development but I feel it would be to slow if you read the tutorials and recommended books.When first module and tests are very easy and guide well, but the pace rushes at the end.There's a lot of parts when "we'll se this later" is mentioned, which means that maybe the examples are not appropiate for the pace of the course.The little exams and practices are way too easy compared to the week's qualified test. Some parts of the test require to check the documentation or looking in the internet cause it wasnt explained in the videos.After trying some Java, Ruby seems pretty easy but from what I've seen, RoR should be a tool for startup enthusiasts who require easy prototyping and low knowledge of programming/web development.This course is explained as if the students are programmers / web developers that already use tools like github, heroku, unit testing who probably dont require that explanation in first place, but is not deep enough for newcomers.I recommend take a bit more time and include more steps of learning, maybe 1 first course for Ruby before getting into Ruby on Rails. And since is an introduction it should include an installation tutorial. Should I install from repository or a Version Manager (like RVM), the gem concept, what setup do I need, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic introduction. Having said that I couldn't really recommend it to someone without any prior experience. Most concepts were glanced over, for someone without prior experience the material would be too demanding but for people with experience (e.g. me) it was too easy (even though I had no Ruby / Rails experience).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it's ok. i would love more practical examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of material is presented here which is both good and bad. You will find yourself googling a lot of things as the videos cover certain aspects quite quickly, even some that are important to the assignments.If you have the time to research some of the concepts on your own I say go for it. However, if you don't have much time or you are a complete beginner I would maybe try something else.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Rough around the edges. The assignments are not clear enough. I never got contacted by my mentor and didn't know how to reach out to him either.Content is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could've been much more clear with the examples if there were some loads of practice problemsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared to other courses I have completed on Coursera, this is one of the most confusing ones so farThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The voice is not good!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I struggle sometimes with tests. But after all everything when was goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Subject matter is excellent, but I feel that the course material had too many trick question for a beginner. Also the lectures would have been more absorbing if they were not just slides with a wall of already inputted code (i.e. a live recording of the coding would have been more informative... like what is done in most other courses)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignment grading had a lot of technical hurdles. Content on Ruby was solid. Rails coverage was very basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course provides a simple introduction to Ruby. Unlike some others, it requires you to install Ruby from scratch (no VM with preinstalled components) and the final assignment requires you to do a project from scratch as well (no template). This is good and provides a much more real learning experience than some courses. However the bad things are: the deadlines are way too strict; the lectures are way too long and seem to have an unclear structure; technical problems are frequent; a lot of stuff remains poorly explained.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very difficult to follow if you are not a programmer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good as introduction, but pretty basic for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction to the fieldGood presentersPoor illustrations during courseThank'sThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am a PhD student in genetics, so the background material there was review from undergrad courses. Obviously some people who are not biologists will need this background. I do wish, however, that the statistics intro was more applied and covered a better intro and application to the why!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an extremely basic course. In my opinion, it isn't worth $49 and is thrown in just to add to the total price of the specialization. It is a useful refresher, but doesn't really contain much information. Just a couple of topics are covered at a very basic level. You could also get this info from watching Youtube videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a little light, despite the fact that this is not my area of expertise. It was a goo start overall, tho.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course overall has good content. But some videos and case studies were dissapointing in terms of uniqueness of information. You could have easily googled it. Tests could also be more challenging. I would defitenely reccomend it to learners who are new to the industry. For others it could be less informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gives a good idea about this market, although some of the ideas could be more systemized and clearThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has a very nice content. The difficult thing is to follow the classes with a very difficult language spoken by the teacher. Her English is not so good, although she has a good know-how about the subject but the classes are completely boring and apathetic. What a shame!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course but with a few OUTDATED materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is very interesting, and I plan to go go through with it. A huge downside is that it is very difficult to follow the course because of the professors' strong accent and, at times, incorrect pronunciation. It is distracting. Also, it would be good to have weekly assignments, to stay on track.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The module was alright but I got bored halfway throughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is interesting, but sometimes its so hard to perceive the information with such accent :( I`m not lazy to read the subtitles, no.. but they also, from time to time work improperly and its not feasible at all to conceive the information . Plus, its absolutely inconvenient when you provide one huge assignment for several weeks at once! Why couldn`t you make it a few smaller to every week?(( I think I`ll disenrollThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content of this course is not much and thus one can finish it rather very quickly. However one of the lecturer's had such a heavy accent I had to use subtitles just to understand the content. I am not in anyway in the fashion industry nor aspiring to be so this was just like a "tester" for me. I was however surprised that its not all about modelling and the sorts but incorporates some business aspect about the fashion industry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Problems with translation from Spanish to English creating confusion to non - Spanish students. Not all the lectures are translated. I have noticed that some English translation is missing or is incorrect.Also, since I am a non - Spanish student I can not review correctly and accordingly Spanish posted assignments due to language barriers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too fast speech/ language use in combination with poor english translation, otherwise pretty well done.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1. Sometimes the audio of the recordings is poor, making it difficult to listen.2. For non-speakers of Spanish, the translations are not so great and sometimes lack proper grammar or are almost literal translations of the spoken Spanish version. This makes the subject matter, although very interesting, very difficult to fully grasp. This also occurs in the quizzes, causing me to either misunderstand or not understand the questions.Overall, it is a very interesting course but the 'execution' is not up to standard. It could be improved by updating the audio recordings, and correcting the translations for the subtitlesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material was good but the lectures being in Spanish with English translations was difficult to follow. I was disappointed in the short videos with subtitles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i would like to see some subtitles in Spanish, to help me understand much better the main idea ! but in generally is so good and helpful!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is interesting and mind opening during the beginning and the middle of the course. Learned some interesting principle.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's good for undergraduates, and people returning to academia (say, before starting a Master's course). It's a very short simple introduction. I kind of wish it had more examples of language to use in academic writing, contrasting good and bad examples.Some of the quiz questions and final exam questions need some proofreading. The videos from about week 3 to 4 have poor sound quality, but still understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course contains useful writing tips, but severly lacks practical writing assignments (peer-review assessment would be great here!). The quizzes are way too easy, IMO.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides a number of very useful tips for researchers, especially those whose first language is not English. There are a number of useful guides for new researchers to learn how to structure, phrase, and approach academic writing. However, there are also a few shortcomings of the course. Some of the material is overly subjective (giving rules for academic writing that are not necessarily applicable). Many of the assessment questions ask about issues which are either overly specific or simply incorrect (this is a very small percentage, but it is noticeable). The pace of the videos is also slow and oddly punctuated to the point that it can be difficult to follow at times. Finally, the course relies too heavily on academic writing for the hard sciences, rather than taking a broader approach, so some students may wish to keep this in mind when watching, as some advice may not be applicable to their own discipline.Overall, a recommended course for ESL academics, but could do with some improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Intended for Non-native English speakers, or English speakers without a strong literary background, 'Scholarly Communication' gives an overview of how to construct coherent arguments for academic publication.There are multiple typos and presentation issues throughout the course; however, they do not necessarily detract from the content of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a useful course, but please look into the spelling and grammatical errors in the text.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion, this course was way too theoretical. I wish we had more examples and practical exercises. After four courses in a row I was expecting much more skills rather than theoretical discussions all the way long.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Certain aspects of the course could be improved, particularly in the way the material is presented. There could also be more focus on what is important rather than unnecessary etymologies and listing of names which doesn't add to any conceptual understanding. That time could rather be used to go into more depth with some of the practices.https://evidenceandreason.wordpress.com/2017/01/29/review-magic-in-the-middle-ages/The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall a good course, with a section on Islam and Magic that felt very well elaborated. All peer graded exercises however were poorly designed and had awful correction criteria.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very interesting course, but in the beginning it may seem a bit disorganised and slow. The best part, for me, was the week 4, about magic in Islam. The topic was fascinating and the teachers presented a perfect lecture, a great balance between deep but easy to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor has a tone of voice that is a little monotonous, but it was interesting to learn about memory with moviesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked this course for the wide range of movie excerpts which underscored a memory malfunction. The scenes were often emotional, quite surprising such a short moment could be so charged.However the main emphasis of this memory module was to explore malfunctioning memory, to the side of pathology. This was done professionally without a doubt. However this was not what I personally was looking for although one learns about dementia, alzheimer, etc, which is interesting as they will affect most of us in someway or another.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This "should be" a five star course. It is a great topic, with wonderful clips from movies and is well-written.Why only 3 stars then?For a class about film little was adopted from good storytelling and filming techniques. The Prof slumped in his chair and clasped his hands in front of his chest for most of the course and spoke in a wispy, pedantic voice that made me uncomfortable in my body to listen to. I kept on wanting to tell him to sit up and breath and speak naturally! On top of that, the sound quality was simply awful!If the Prof were to take some acting or presenting lessons and improvements to the sound quality were made (or a professional actor hired to present the material) it could be one of the best courses ever, but instead, it was hard to get through for me even though the material fascinates me as I'm learning neuroscience and love movies.The world of MOOCs are different than your old standard classroom style. Visual and auditory presentation really counts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I appreciate the effort that went into making this course as well as obtaining the film clips. Having said that, if you want to go deeper into the psychology of memory this course is probably not for you. As I progressed through the weeks, I found myself becoming less and less interested since I already know the basics of memory and psychology. I felt I wasn't learning anything new but the clips of films allowed me to see the films in a new light. Maybe if I had bought the book that goes along with the course, i would have gained more insight but as a standalone course, it rates just three stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting topic, however the course lacks practical side.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course deals with many interesting theories about motivation, leadership, teamwork and culture. However, it lacks practical examples and case studies (there is only one in the last week). I liked the required reading material, but I did not find videos very engaging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is theoretical, which is nice, but more practical example like case study would have kindled my interest to go for the certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its a good course but have some problems in the quizzesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have enjoyed it more if I had had enough knowledge to do the Honors quiz!I downloaded all the videos so I could play them over without chewing up my data, but the quality is so poor you can't always make out the writing - i's and j's all look similar. It would be better if the presentation material was bigger and the facilitator images smaller - you need only see a face, not the whole upper body in the foreground.Nevertheless, I have been enlightened !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week 1 on Technical SEO was hard. Also, I don't have subscriptions to the various tools but it might be useful for future reference. It was too technical for me. Week 2 on Global SEO was already covered in an earlier course by Mrs. May. Week 3 on Mobile SEO was very insightful. Great! Learning about metrics (week 4) is always useful, so five stars for weeks 3 and 4.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The composition and visual elements part of the course was incredible but the Lightroom part could be improved. Going through every feature in Lightroom is not helpful. It's better to focus on teaching key useful techniques to achieve desired effectsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course seemed a bit spread too thin. Not much real coverage on post-production; mostly just an intro and that was at the expense of more learning on composition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thanks for writing the new feature about the java8 for free.But for most lessons it is too easy to learn.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Unique and useful course. However some of the material needs adjustment, search strategy related material especially. It is introduced too late in the course, when homework needed it is all done with, and in my opinion there isn't enough pedagogic content on the subject. MiniZinc docs are quite minimal, so supporting material would be helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is really, well, introductory. While the material presented is interesting, the lectures can be quite dull at times - especially later on in the course when substantial time is spent plugging numbers into the same expressions 3 or 4 times. Beginners will probably be better off reading a wikipedia article or any general chemistry textbook. For the others, setting the playback speed to 1.50 improves the quality of the course a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course offers a very wide range of subjects and also additional recommendations for reading, the basic didactic material superficially explores the work of each artist. I am sure that MoMA team has the capacity to offer a deeper content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course takes an alternate approach to understanding modern Art, moving it away from categories based on the time period in which art was made or what school the artist was part of and instead groups art work by theme. I really enjoyed all the pieces I encountered and felt like I had a somewhat better understanding of modern art after taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting and thought provoking course BUT the peer assignment tasks and evaluation criteria are moving targets that seem to be very hard to hit per my own experience and the discussion forums. Also what if you do not totally agreed with the IDEA that thematic presentation of art is the way that modern art has to be presented. And find themes as more of a way for art institutions to promote their own agendas and longevities. Which again is nothing new in the presentation of art but also can meander away from the artists' and art works' intent!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I very much enjoyed the setup of the course, that is the short introduction and then the discussion of different artworks per theme. However, I must say that I expected the course to be more thorough in the discussion of the different themes and artworks. I believe the course would benefit from a more in depth discussions of the artworks. This could for example include more background information about the artist or a comparison of different pieces by the same artist to better understand the artists' views and development through history. Such additions would elevate the level of the course and also help identify certain themes and events that often recur in art. To conclude, it was a very enjoyable course that help grasp basic concepts of modern art.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very highlever, i would have enjoyed more technique to understand artThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have taken many courses on Coursera now, and I've enjoyed and learned a lot from most of them, but I have to admit I was disappointed with this one, despite having a deep interest in modern art and art theory. Here are some of my criticisms:1. The course is aimed at teachers and art educators, which was not made at all clear on the course info page, apart from a single reference to the 'pedagogical framework'. If I'd understood this, I may well not have enrolled.2. I found the course very basic, with no consideration of art theory beyond a level appropriate for classroom discussion. This is in contrast to many other Coursera courses, which have been pitched at graduate level or above. I don't really feel like I learned anything on this course.3. The video lectures are very short and uninformative, but the weekly reading list is very long and much more time consuming that the actual tuition. I would have preferred a better balance between tutorials and reading.4. The weekly quizzes were very short (six questions, where other courses typically have 20 to 30 questions per module), and and questions focus almost entirely on the pedagogical set texts, with very little attention paid to the art history or the works discussed in the tutorials. If you are not going to be tested on the material, what is the point of all that required reading?5. The final peer-assessed assignment is lacking in instructions or guidance. For example, you are required to upload images of 3 or 4 artworks and discuss them. It is in fact impossible to upload more than a single image, but there are no instructions on what to do about this. People found various workarounds - uploading pdfs or Word documents, or zipped folders of images, but really, there should be some official guidance on this.6. Comments made when assessing other students' work are not anonymous - this is unique in my Coursera experience, where anonymous marking is the norm, and knowing how fractious people can get when they are disappointed with their grade, I am not at all happy about having my name made available to them.Overall, the only reason I persisted with this course is that I wanted to get a certificate with MoMA written on it. Too bad I couldn't have actually learned something as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mostly a guide for teachers bringing classes to MOMA; weak otherwise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I've learned about some paintings and object, but the format of the course was weak. Should have stuck with the historical progression of Modern Art--tried and true approach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have no complaints over the content. I would however, change the final quizzes, which rely too much on one essay rather than on the videos or on other reading material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is designed for school teachers and, perhaps, for art museum's workers. I'm neither, but I took this course because I'd like to know more about the modern art.The course is essentially a merge of two independent parts, namely, videos about artworks and papers about different theories of education in art. I took this course because of artworks, so I was not interested in papers.Videos were great; especially the first one in each lesson. Even my husband, who isn't fond of art in general, found these videos interesting. In videos, lecturer explains history and meaning of each piece of art.Required reading was dramatically different. First, students are required to read at least 10 pages (art papers) about approaches in teaching AND at least 4 articles in museum's website PER WEEK. Actually, careful reading not just browsing does take a lot of time, in fact, it takes way more time per week than claimed. In addition, these reading were not useful for me! I am not interested in teaching art, and reading same facts about artworks that I've heard in lectures is waste of my time. Seriously, I and most of people grasp most of the ideas from the first time; even if not, I would watch the video again. Why should I do extra reading that brings me no extra knowledge?On a good side, one can pass quiz without any reading. Just a bit of thinking process, and you pass with 5/6 or 6/6 score.Overall, the course is attractive because of amazing videos. However, I believe that this course must be reorganized in two different courses - one would be about artworks and understanding of art, another would be about teaching techniques in art.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent concepts and content. Poor quiz composition and monitoring by MOMA staff of discussion. Logistical hassles tainted joy from the delivery.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
there were mistakes in the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information, videos, links additional reading do provide important information. However this course is aimed at teachers and that is not clear from the title and much less with the small amount of articles that are related to teaching. This course also has lots of issues with its quizzes; getting no support from staff on technical matters or feed back on why a true or false questions is always wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Several errors on the correction of exercises, not so deep material about the statistical analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I posted a question on the last week on the forum and never received an answer from a mentor. I had one response from another student which did not actually address the issue of my question and I had several views. And it wasn't as if there were a lot of questions posted. One course mentor could have easily answered all of them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Loved the project, but I am going to keep my review at 3 stars until there is a module to add capstone project to a web page. This would be super helpful for showing my work to a future employer!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although better than the previous course, it still was not very insightful. I wanted to know the components of the Integrated plan and not how someone was successful. Majority of the class was just copy from Stokes book. You can take that book and learn it yourself. The style of teaching does not really challenge or give insight.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material could have been better....Instructor was just reading out content, more practical example and case studies could be a part of content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very basic and boring. Really you can spend 5 min Googling the things you learn on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Unlike the previous courses within this Digital Marketing Specialization, this one seemed more "superficial" in terms of concepts and, specially, of materials provided: presentation videos and slides covered only the essential topics and were often repetitive. Considering this is the last step to the Capstone Project, I had greater expectations for it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was taken almost literally from the text book Emarketing by Rob Stokes, so the input given by the teacher was not quite relevant. Although the text book was an excellent tool.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course depended in big proportion of the material of Rob Stokes. It's OK to make the process as Stokes suggest but I think you can put more of yourself.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but less depth than the rest of the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has more interesting material than the previous one (Landscape) but again, the assignments are based on theoretical essays than on practical tasks (case analysis etc).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a difficult course with some hard topics on neurophysiology for people with no background on biology. On the other hand, it's a great challenge for everyone interested on brain decision making.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have met part of my goals of taking this program. Thank you Prof. Mathias Finger. I would recommend it to be more data oriented like those case studies with specific examples so that it naturally converges to creating case study for a city at the end of the course as final project rather than optional study. Also, suggest to reduce discussions centred to challenges (the course has taken too much of time) and more towards different new services adopted by different cities to capture benefits/impact to the city GDP.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really good level of detail versus other courses and difficult questions which really test your understanding of the subject matter.On the downside, some links were not added to supplementary reading, which is a shame as these resources really help with your understandingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the course does a good job of explaining most things but if you struggle with a problem or a topic support is nearly non existent and offline resources for julia are limited. No one used the discussion forums either unfortunately.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was helpful in understanding the basics of Julia, but there are still a few things I feel I'm missing. A longer course with more time for advanced details would be better in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it's a basic course very focused on the mainstream music industry, it is very concise and worth reviewing, unfortunately you can not get feedback from the exams if you don't pay.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro course, but that's all it is - an intro course. Expect great interviews and lecture videos, but don't expect too in-depth of a course. My review is biased because I already took Music Business Foundations from Berklee on Coursera and the material wThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not very motivating lectures.. Too much talk but lacks the essential clarityThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is super interesting. However, the lectures could be better explained and the material better organized. I found myself constantly looking online for extra material to better understand the concepts. Also, you can tell that the course is not anymore groomed and there are some mistakes in a quiz due to lack of care. In any case, the course is very recommendable to start with neural networksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I recommend this course for theoretical knowledge only. I was very upset with the programming assignments - they are few, they are not consistent in difficulty level and the way they being checked is not convenient.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned quite a lot that I can use for research, personal projects, and general understanding of neural networks, but unfortunately this course is getting quite out of date at this point. I would recommend to others looking for a first course in neural networks (for machine learning applications) look for a newer course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course contains basic informations on neural networks at a quite abstract level. It is not enough to easily understand them without a prior preperation in mathematical details. The quizzes need strict computations based on a detailed knowledge, but usually the course does not prepare You for that. The lectures sometimes sound "babble" and cannot explain even easy things.It is usually impossible to get the minimum of 80% in a quiz. These are only those who have previous knowledge that can pass it the first time they take it. They do not need this course, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures have basically no training or necessary teachings for the math needed for the quizzes. You spend way more time looking for resources about how to answer the quiz questions than the lectures will take to review. Even then you only given the necessary breakdown of the math involved after you answer the question correctly, which doesn't help in anyway when you are stuck.All this course did for me was help me find other courses which do a better job of going over the course materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is an advanced one and not really suggested for a beginner who would want to understand basic concepts. Also during the course, the teaching was fast and there was lot of content to understand. The practice programs contained lot of code which was confusing for a learner like me. Hence, hoping that these shortcomings will be sorted out as and when the course profile is updated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teaching and lectures are complicated. would be better if more simple language and examples were usedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, and well taught. Lecture videos and slides could be improved in terms of summarizing the content. Quiz questions don't reflect the content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for understanding the various types of neural networks, but I had hoped to spend more time learning methods for optimizing model fitment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good to learn from the master but not very detailed and hands onThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good overview but not up to date and some errors in quizesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the content of this course and for the most part I thought it was pretty decent. I just felt that the lectures needed a bit more structure since there didn't seem to be a very good transition between topics. The some of the quiz questions in this course were broken since they were missing details that we crucial to answering the questions (missing weights or having wrong answers since the posted values didn't align with the answer).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You can get many knowledge from this course, but you have to be prepared. Actually learning course gives me no pleasure. It is not complete, you have to guess many things and find additional materials somewhere else to pass all course quizzes and assignments. BTW some quizzes are invalid. I think there was some issues while migrating to updated coursera version, that is why some course materials lost.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have mixed feelings about this course. On one hand, scope is ambitious and getting to attend a course by G Hinton is a luxury. On the other hand, some topics are addressed confusingly (e.g. Hopfield Nets) or without going into much detail. But I think the worst of this course, and I wish Coursera would take care of that, is some quizzes being completely broken (missing or incorrect data), forcing you to go to Forums to get the correct question.There are big gaps of data and no course biography to follow or complete the missing gaps (lecture resources, when available, is just papers on the topic). Also, the course would benefit from better programming exercises... as it stands it is just "download a program, complete a couple of methods, fill in the gaps on a quiz"The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent content and overview of the field. Appreciated the links to journal papers as extensions to the lecture notes. Course is let down somewhat by lecture notes that skim the surface too much to really be useful and outright errors in quizzes and assignments that will hinder completion unless you read through every forum post to find the missing information. (Quiz 13 was the worst offender).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It lacks programming assignments and a base for understanding the algorithms exposed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
interesting history of neural networks and excellent coverage of all main architectures.couple of problems during the quizzes. An update is needed!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a bit disorganized and could have been better. While the topics are really interesting and Geoffrey is really knowledgeable, a lot of simple concepts have been made seemly complicated from the way they have been presented -- often requiring external follow up studies (and often discovering in surprise how simple they actually are). such as, contrastive divergence (CD1) algorithm to train Restricted Bolazamann Machine (read wikipedia to get it in under 2 mins), functioning of sigmoid belief net etc. I believe, the issue arises from slides based teaching, where a slide of texts is presented and then there is a long monologue of how that system works from start to end. A more useful approach would have been to actually draw-and-talk (good example of such courses are Machine Learning by Andrew Ng, Game Theory (esp. Kevin Leyton-Brown parts). Nonetheless, the course brings forth a lot of Neural Net topics and is definitely worth taking if you are willing to study outside the course also.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is not presented in a cohesive manner. In video questions are not very good and don't make sense often. Since this is the only course of its kind on coursera, you don't have many options either. The material seems very arbitrary and even with a basic knowledge of machine learning, and advanced mathematics it is difficult to understand the first week and the types of neurons presented, understanding which is essential I think.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of this course is not self-contained. You need to search and read extra materials to fill some knowledge gaps. Besides, some of the videos are missing and some quiz are not well clarified. Well, given all the complaints, the instructor is of no doubt one of the best in this field. The topics in this course is worth exploring using your own time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good, unique and relevant for machine learning today. Some things can be improved though. Starting around weeks 11-12 the lectures become a bit vague, and I had quite some difficulty understanding them. It seemed to me that these lectures were hastily created (even though I can only imagine how much work creating this course must have been). Furthermore, the lab sessions are rather easy and the provided code is annoying to work with systematically since they output results as printed text instead of something re-usable. This makes experimentation (like grid searches) a bit tedious. Besides these minor things, the course is quite good.Note that deep learning topics are only briefly touched, but you won't obtain the skills for training and designing them yourself without further exploration of the topics.Finally, many thanks to the teachers!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
hard to follow.. usually I don't know what is he talking about..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Long and unbalanced course. The first weeks are long with too much materials, that I think, should be separated to more weeks, than last weeks has no any new materials just short discussion prompts. Maybe it is my fault, but I waited for something else, this was my first philosophy and mindfulness course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course, and I would (indeed, have) recommend it to others.However the week on science seemed to lack any references that i could find; unless i'm missing the obvious. If there were none included then this is not acceptable when discussing science in an academic context. If they are there somewhere then i think the course as a whole would be improved by making them more apparent. Perhaps by putting the references for a lecture at the end of the lecture, where there is already a slide giving credit for the use of images. This is basic practice when lecturing on science generally.Either way I'm loving the course and thank you for producing it!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little heavy on the biology sideThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a very nice course but it is very small.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would appreciate a bit more of detail in some topics, butI enjoyed it a lot. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Advantages:1) I liked the idea of filming the lectures of Dr Seligman in the real class. Watching his videos, I felt like I was sitting is the lecture room with other students.2) I also enjoyed watching different researchers talking about their fields of study. Inviting different speakers makes the course more diverse.Areas of improvement:1) Design. Some of the presentations in the videos were not in the style of the course (e.g. videos on constructive journalism)2) Structure. The overall impression is that different parts of the course were not reconciled with each other, leading to fragmentation of the course. It concerns not only design, but also video lenght (for example videos on constructive journalism were way too long) and lack of a sigle thread going through all the videos and supplementary materials. It seems that the course has been made in a hurry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I rather liked the material and its delivery. Another thing I liked very much was students' commitment and achievements as exposed in the peer-reviewed assignments. What I disliked was abundance of personal-computer slang in the language of the professor, jamming all the peer-reviewed assignments into only two weeks and the incident with broken APA style.Despite my criticisms mentioned, I am grateful to the professor, HSE and Coursera staff, and my classmates for the opportunity and experience!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn´t like this course so much. Great part of the content is about mediation, arbitration and negotiations that are not sucessfully. I thought I´d see more about improving practices to negotiate and convince the other part in a negotiation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
slightly repetitive of classification course with no real use-case value except lots of math..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Dependence on GraphLab technology is a big minus. The lectures are poorly balanced in terms of difficulty. Apart from that - interesting course, I'm glad I took it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have enrolled myself in the other Machine Learning courses offered by Uwash , but have to say this was not properly organized. I had got my certificates for the other courses easily , not because the contents was easy , but was easily understandable and well organized and there was a great sense of satisfaction after getting the certificate because of the knowledge gained.But unfortunately for this course , especially the week 4 and week 5 was lengthy and not up to the point and the quizzes were hence not seem to be related. So got my certificate after a bit of struggle.I'm planning to see other online materials related to week 4 and week 5 , as couldn't completely understand from this one. If you can modify those two weeks, it would be great. I hope you continue the great work of illuminating millions of young people's interests through your great courses and organization. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This specific course traded off depth and detail for breadth of topics. Too many ideas were quickly described and not really built up to my liking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Feels like this course in the specialization was a bit rushed, compared to the first 3 courses. It had 2 modules (first & last) that were more like placeholders and the middle 4 modules went from concept to the maths behind the algorithm very quickly. It needs a bit of work on expanding the course and presenting a bit more slowly. Having said all that, the concepts and algorithms taught are very interesting and a good first step into the unsupervised learning section.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall a good and useful course, however:A) They could do a much better job regarding LDA, standard Gibbs sampling, and Bayesian model and inference. Many slides on these 3 topics only contained some text and the instructor tried to "verbally" visualize the related important concepts. Hence not a good use of a video session.B) Week 1 and the 1st half of Week 6 were redundant.C) It would be much better to have a 7-week course with more topics and may be with some optional videos on Bayesian model, HMM.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too superficial and hand waving.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the homework is getting easyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The retrieval part of this course is great, it deserve five starts. The clustering part was going well until it reached LDA.The LDA module is very poorly covered, and also very hard to understand. I had to watch the videos more than two times to try to figure out what was LDA, and a Quora article posted in the Forum could explain it much better.Then we get to the Hierarchical Clustering module, which was the most poorly module in all this specialization. There is only one video talking about HMM models, and Markov Chains deserve at least one week to even get started with it. And to complete, there is just one Assignment with only 3 questions.The specialization was going perfect until now. I am very disappointed with this course. I hope the last two courses are much better covered and not just ran over like this this one was.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting content but explanations are less clear with respect to the other courses of the ML SpecializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
great course, but module 4 lacks a bit in structure. hard to follow. without the forum, it would not be possible to make it in time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course rushed through the material at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this Course less well prepared than the previous 3 modules. Misleading hints in the assignments, code errors, etc... Also, I found the amount of work required higher, which is not in itself a bad thing, just a bit unexpected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
please rework in particular week 5, part 2The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
That course is quite good to get the fundamental knowledge about power electronicsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
My opinion:Not much monitoring of the forums by mentors\instructors, hence responses are non- existent\delayed\misleading. some of the replies by mentors were misleading, The rationale of the Volt-sec balance was not set out very clearly, The expression evaluator is very temperamental, i had to enter the expressions many times , a very time-consuming & frustrating process.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This Course is very standard. I would have given 5 stars. Once you complete the weekly quiz and PASS it, you don't see the worked out solutions for the weekly quiz so that you can review.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are serious issues with the quizzes. Other than grading correct/incorrect, there is no feedback afterwards.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More theoretical. Analytical and Intuition is not much developed. Good for getting familiar with switch mode converter circuits.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The theories for the models should be explained in more detail and with few more examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course presents an overview of different machine learning tools but I rather prefer starting from the second course were more specific competencies are given. I believe that in courses like this the contents are to sparse.It would serve as an introduction. But the contents of week 4 and 5 are not even in the specialization!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is really good, well explained=> 5 stars, nothing to add.Why the 3 stars then ? Graphlab. If you use the pydata stack, as it is said to be possible in every assignments, you get stuck on the quizz due to variations on data and the algorithm used, so you can't really get quite the same answers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
No good without the missing course and capstone projectsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Deep Learning part needs to be improvedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the Course very interesting, well prepared from the Tutors and I liked the case study Approach since it provides actual examples where Machine Learning can be realized. I am interested to enroll in the second Course of the certificate to validate if it will go into more Details and Background regarding the build of the algorithms theoretically and in Python. I would like to thank both TutorThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The whole eco-system is based on Graphlab create which is not very commonly used in the industry. The "Programming assignments" are very much like the exercise done in the videos - so no real thought and effort were needed. The Deep learning part is really bad thought and bad examined.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course introduces the key topics of Machine Learning, but the math behind the algorithms is not explained and the programming exercises are too easy. Unfortunately, it also relies heavily on graphlab instead of using open source software.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is better if allow me upgrade only when I finished this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are already familiar with ML you won't learn anything new. The deep learning part is new, but it too short and lacks detail. I believe the concepts are explained in a clear manner but they are too high-level to be considered "learning". By the end of the course you will be familiar with some concepts of ML and the Graphlab API, but you won't be ready to implement anything by your own. However, I think this course is good to evaluate whether you like the teaching style and the overall style of the specialization. It would be nice to be able to skip this course and still get the specialization completed. if you already know what you want to learn and you don't want the the full specialization certificate jump into the other courses right away. I will continue with the specialization with the hope in the next courses the topics are covered in higher detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good introductory course, however the quiz questions and over dependence of graphlab are off putting. The instructors share good insights about the need and motivation for various ML techniques. I wish there was more support on the project using pandas and sklearn. Graphlab is immensely powerful, however not adopted in industry making it hard to apply the learning in real world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A solid course, let down by quality issues in the last two modules. I hope these are fixed soon because it would make this a top notch course...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The only reason that I am giving 3 star is the design of the quizzes for each week. The readings are too long and the content of the quiz sometimes gets you frustrated!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not using scikit and assigment way too easy, not challenging, but high quality video, very easy to understand .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the course and I will continue with the specialization. I am giving a 3-star rating as i) the lectures need to be updated with correct data or need to provide guidance as to when one should expect individual difference when following along with the notebook, ii) instructor / mentor response in the discussion forums is lacking, iii) graphlab is now an outdated tool as it is not commercially available.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a valuable introductory survey course. For me, the challenge came from my unfamiliarity with Python not the material. I would rate this class as "entry level" for anybody with a college-level technical degree.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
thanks to prof and cousera for this wonderful course. I wish the programming part was taught separately from basic. I have taken the previous course which was case study approach with respect to which it was slightly tough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Professors and the lectures were excellent. Homeworks are way to easy. Would like to use open source tools like pandas and sci-kit learn instead of proprietary tools like graphlab.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some instructions of the programming assignments are not all that clear, which wasted me a lot of time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Professors are very good , i am really enjoy in this class, but no further discussion about implementing ML algorithm, just call the API to handle the sort of data.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is effectively a tutorial on how to use proprietary software to solve a range of machine learning problems.I liked the fact that the course covered a wide range of problems quickly. There were however two issues that I did not like.1) It is not well supported and given that the technology is proprietary, there are few other places that offer support (i.e. you can’t just look at problems and solutions on stackoverflow to get insight into the tech)2) For a course labelled as “intermediate”, it presented very little detail. Most of the course was dedicated to explaining particular problems, the solution to which was inevitably “then you train this really clever, one-line algorithm we have written for you and you query it for insights”. I felt a little cheated by this approach to a subject which should be really fascinating.While some of my concerns may be addressed in follow on courses, I am left with little insight into what really lies ahead. For example, is this really an “intermediate” course? What background do I really need? Will we ever get to the detail or will I always just be expected to call someone else’s brilliant algorithm and accept the result.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros:(1) Teachers know what they are talking.(2) They are energetic and funny.Cons:(1) The course uses proprietary and expensive tool.(2) The course is too simplistic.(3) The teachers, although they know what they are talking about, they aren't very good at teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I am aware that this is an overview of the other courses in the specialization, I felt that the quizzes and programming exercises didn't really get into the actual topic. For example the recommender systems quiz and programming assignment have nothing about factorization except a single superficial question. The material is clear and the overview is nice, but the practical part let me down.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice overview of the specialization. Since it aims at showing the advanced and interesting things you will learn during the specialization, some of the practical sessions are way too advanced. Thus, for me felt more like a mechanical copying of what the instructors did rather than an actual assessment of what I understood. Also, since some of the applications are actually repeated at the beginning of the main courses, it feels like a repetition somehow when then you move to the specialized courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The enthusiasm of the instructors was the best thing about this class. But I really wanted a more rigorous methodology - and didn't really get it here. But it was an alright introduction to machine learning but not enough if you want to know what makes the 'black box' work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructors are great and the material logically detailed. The only problem is feed back or lack thereof. The assignments are hard for a person who has minimal computer skills as described in the outline, so having someone to go to for questions, especially the programming parts are essential and this is lacking unfortunately. Apparently, and I don't want to put words in someone else's mouth, but the assumption is that the fellow students will have the missing information and that they will actually answer them. That is not the case unfortunately. So even though I emailed the instructors with no response, I managed to obtain some information from other student who were extremely dedicated and much more advanced. I may have entered the course at a minimal personnel time which may account for my perceived difficulty. However, from some of the griping, I am not alone. On the other one gets what they pay for and I was overall glad to take the course and respect all the aspects except for the one already mentioned.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Get ready for a course that assumes you have all the software they use already installed without advanced notice or instructions!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Generally ok. Towards the end of the course, the lectures could have been a bit more in depth - or provide students with a more in depth reading list.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course could have been marked by 5 stars if it weren't for the promotion of a commercial Python library developed by one of the speakers. There is no way a student could complete the course without having Python installed and a free licence acquired from dato.com.Students should be able to use any programming languages and scientific libraries to do their homework and the subsequent courses of the "Machine Learning" specialisation are excellent examples of such approach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could go a little more in detail on the algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very simple course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course is a relatively well put together, gentle introduction to machine learning. It would be good for people with zero experience with ML, who might be overwhelmed by other ML courses (Ng, Abu-Mostafa) out there. This course would not be useful for anyone who has any previous knowledge of ML.Many reviewers have taken issue with the software used. I actually liked the Dato libraries a lot, but I'd be uncomfortable using proprietary software for research. I thought it was friendly enough to be appropriate for this kind of intro class, and I really enjoy iPython notebooks for interactive teaching.I rated this course a 3 because of the price for the full course. This part of the specialization should be free. It does not provide enough instruction, practice, or content for the cost. Multiple choice quizzes are used to grade the programming assignments, so there is no feedback from the instructors. These answers are not made available to students in the free tier, which flies in the face of open learning. I am disappointed in the recent push to monetize courses. Please don't pay for this one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is great. It gives overview on what is going to be learned in details in the next courses. Considering that it is an introductory course and the fact that it utilizes the GraphLab library as tool, I believe it is overpriced compared to the other courses of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice introductory course but too much dependence on graphLab createThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's not a bad course, but it forces students to use GraphLab, a framework created by one the professors teaching the course, instead of using scikit-learn, a widely used framework for machine learning in Python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It should be 5 stars based on content - though I have a feeling it's a bit dragged out to create as many courses as possible for the Speclialisation.However, I think IPython isn't a great tool for this, especially as the requirement is Python 2.7 for GraphLab as it doesn't support Python 3 yet. Going backwards, I think. I also think ideally you would want to encourage people to write bigger chunks of code rather than get bogged down with word counting.However, the main issue is that the assignments are really badly put together. It's actually hard to understand what the underlying requirements are at first read - from about Week 3 onwards. The concepts are easy to understand, it's the way they are worded and jumbled. I had to read them over and over again because there is a fair amount of jumping around and since there is filtering of the data, the order you carry out the tasks matter very much.I was looking forward to this course and planned to take 3 but now I regret paying for this one and thinking about finding another one. I think the tool and the messiness of the assignment make this Specialisation not up to the task, sorry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think it was a good introductory course. However, I think it was too simple: assignments required no more than copy+paste from the lectures.I understand the primary goal is to hook people up on how good graphlabs is, but I'd rather leaarn numpy, sklearn and other widely available tools. At least show both in the leactures. Please :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is ok, the instruction was very poor for the deep learning section of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really just an overview of the topics to be explained in detail afterwards.Big plus for the use of python + notebooks but otherwise, if one is interested just in the overview and not in all the specialization, maybe the Andrew NG course is more detailed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is for you if you really don't know anything about Machine Learning and nothing about Python. If you do know something about it, look for a different course.I learned the most from lesson 5 and 6 about recommenders and deep learning because I knew nothing about these subjects.The programming exercises are disappointing: just cut and paste. I found this demotivating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did not have a lot of experience in machine learning, so this course was very good in the aspect of introducing people to machine learning concepts. Most of the times the material was very well explained, and I like the concept of the tutor writing on the screen at the same time they are presenting, personally it helps me more. Some of the quizzes were easy so you did not need a lot of preparation, some of them were more difficult or troublesome, like the quiz for Deep Learning. I also liked the graphlab module, I think that learning how to use it will help me with my own work.However, as this course does not really go in depth in the algorithms themselves, I feel that after one month and a half I have a basic idea, but I haven't learned much about how to implement machine learning on my own even in basic things, while other courses have more or less the same time frame and are more dense in their material. In my opinion, this whole introductory course would just be just splitted and each of these intrductory weeks would be appended as the first week of the subsequent modules to come. Because anyways, after 4 months in the specialization, if somebody continues to the recommender systems module for example, he/she would have forgotten the basics of this so they would need to cover again the recommender systems week in this course. And from the other hand, if some introduction is again repeated in the subsequent modules, then why have this introductory course anyways?Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All algorithms were black boxed. It was a nice course on how to use Dato's GraphLab and an overview of ML concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I don't like this course , because the homework can not match the lesson. I can not got more messages to completed the homework.So I will Unregister this courser , Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures are fine. However the content is way too easy. Another course on Coursera `Mining Massive DataSets` is much better, in the depth and horizon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Having almost completed this course, I can say that this course provides a basic over view of the concepts of ML. Quality and content are lacking. The professors, breeze thru the concepts in few short videos. No further guidance is available. You are on your own.While the quizzes test the concepts learned, no live help is available. Again, you are on your own.1. Some course materials should be provided other than basic fancy power point slides. The lectures don't do justice to the material content and quizzes. Some reference materials or write ups would be greatly helpful.2. Teaching assistants or moderators should be made available for each course to help out with any conceptual or programmatic questions. Students are left to collaborate amongst themselves and figure out a solution. For a paid course, I expect some real professional help.Many a times, I had to turn to google to help me out if I was stuck at a problem or didnt understand a concept. If googling was the only option, then I do not see a value in this course.I doubt if I will continue the other courses in this specialization.Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty high level overview. I guess it's necessary to give a roadmap for where the concentration leads, but I wonder if each lesson couldn't have been added in its respective module, or if at least the Foundations Module couldn't be shortened a little - or alternatively made a bit more challenging. I'm on the first real module now and the change in difficulty is quite significant.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that the course is redundant, it is to general, trying to capture to much, and using a commercial program tool that's doing to much behind the scene.The second course in the specialization is really great though and you wont miss anything if you skip aheadThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
would vastly prefer if this was taught using sckit-learn and pandas, given their broader use.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The concept and overall material covered was exciting. However, the lessons often did not connect to what was actually being tested. This course requires a lot of reading of the Dato SFrame manual. If the instructors focused more on showing how to actually do some of the tested material, I would've given this course four to five stars. At the end of the day, this course does give an entry level data scientist such as myself the ability to do some 'cool' analysis, which I truly appreciated. Overall, I would recommend this course to a fellow data scientist. I just hope the instructors focus on teaching content with more focus and clarity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent course. Not very satisfied with the assignments as they are suited for graphlabThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gives a really broad overview of ML concepts. Examples (and assignments) use a commercial Dato product called (GraphLab Create). Expect nothing else.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has so much potential but is based on proprietary software. The instructors are excellent and the content is really good. It would get 5 stars if it was based on all open source software.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The biggest downside of the course is that instead of learning on open source machine learning modules (sklearn) the course offers Dato's GraphLab, a proprietary piece of software that requires paid licenses to operate.To be clear, during the duration of the course students can use a student license that provides graphlab for free but this expires after a year. It seems like fine software but if you arent going to purchase a license after the class expires whats the point? Also, Graphlab is built on top of python2.7. If you are running python 3.0+ on your machine youll have to install a python 2.7 instance.Otherwise the quality is solid. The philosophical approach the professors take is to give you a taste of a variety of machine learning models. The upside is that if you want to get a taste you can. The downside the course feels pretty shallow and then the next course in the specialization -- regression -- feels like a pretty stark contrast. In general it could be argued that this is a problem with all coursera courses. How do you modulate course difficulty when you could be targeting students who are somewhere between high school kids to computer scientists? So the course and the specialization tilts between very easy and very hard.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a bad course, but extremely basic. Was expecting more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really liked the fact that we were given an overview of all the machine learning techniques before we actually delve deeper. However I would have rather appreciated it further if we used open source python libraries rather than graphlab!I think the use of graphlab really did limit our scalability and use elsewhere other than on the course.Please do consider using open source tools in further courses and also provide starter code for the assignments in one open source library in addition to the code provided using graphlab.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures are very easy and unnecessarily long and slow. I had to watch all of them on x2 playback speed to not die of boredom. Also, what is the point of breaking them into 3 minute chunks? Some people may need more time just for getting to the right mood to learn. I cannot imagine anyone watching 3 minute video, doing something else and returning back to it. Also, it requires me to start the next video and set the speed to x2 again.Overall, lectures are OK and material is explained well.Programming assignments are worthless, as they are basically "Fill one line of code that does X. By the way, here is the syntax. And here is the data to use." No thinking required.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am giving this course 3 stars for a few reasons:1) (Negative) Essentially no instructions were given for how to get Graphlab to actually work in Python outside of the notebook. I already have python on my computer, but the course basically only explains ipython notebook.2) (Negative) I think the course would be a lot better if it didn't use this pretty graphical interface of ipython notebook. Why use this? I feel like this was done to dumb things down so that more people with no programming knowledge could get by. In reality it just makes everyone learn less. Using python normally, with graphlab imported, would be much better.3) (Positive) The lectures on things other than ipython notebook were fairly good, and I like how the specialty is structured with case studies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much synthetic on very important parts, too much focused on graphlabThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course to begin machine learning with but it's too easy !!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this is an excellent course. I would have given 5 stars if this course is not based on Graphlab which is not affordable to the general public.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Recently, I got a certification of Machine Learning course of Anderw Ng.So the first course of Machine Learning Specialization is too easy for me.But I think it's not a matter of how easy it is.This program poorly explain how algorithms workEven if the lecturers keep saying that we are going to study in detail in the later courses,it's very difficult to stand boring situations.And there's a serious problem.They provide data for programming assignments, which shows different results compared to the one in the video lectures. So I am soooooooooo confused.There are some small hardships more. But I am stopping writing this.If at least one of the lecturers find my review, please contact me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video lectures provide a clear and concise introduction to interesting topics in machine learning (ML). However, the exercises are very general and use 'black box' ML algorithms for most of the solutions. For me, the exercise structure was more confusing than educating. I am aware that this is the intro course to the specialization, and I am looking forward to actually building the algorithms in the future courses. Too bad you can only take the entire specialization over the course of ~6 months, and not at your own pace! Especially since the homework is checked automatically.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
lectures were well done, but the strong focus on using graphlab ruined this course for meThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fun lectures but the coverage is too simplistic. Looking forward to the more in-depth courses in the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic, the quizzes aren't clear enoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the lectures are pretty great, engaging. the assignments stick with the lab exercise. the forum pretty active.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of problems with software installations. But, the professors for this class seem to be very passionate about the course and they teach well. If not for a lot of problems faced during software installations(which is still not resolved), would have given 5 starsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
as already explained in the preceding question, this MOOC is less well built and thus useful than the preceding one, partly due to the lack of time and efforts to present the tools, among which the score, the savoir relier protocol which stays on the whole quite theoretical, and some of the leadership models which are given too short a time for students to really make themselves an opinion about it.too many interventions from Oriane and references to what was certainly a nice show, would be good to balance testimonies from young students with more development coming from mature managersthis said, on the whole the MOOC stays a very interesting activity, and my last word will be to thank the team and wish for the SR community to become live, as I have found the conversation a very useful and surprising method.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is nice, few interesting ideas and tips. I was hoping for more advanced things, to learn a bit more and for less ads during these lessons. Anyway many thanks for putting this together!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would be even more interesting if the chinese caracters were written with the Pinyin (and not just the pinyin).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ok as intro to chinese languageThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I could not finish this course, although I admire the teacher for preparing this difficult material for English speakers. I have studied several Romance and one Semitic language but I was unable to understand the lectures here. I did pass the first few quizzes but I did not feel that I knew what I was doing. I really am motivated to learn some Chinese because it is like a 2nd or at least 3rd language in my city and very much a 1st or 2nd language in my neighborhood. But I needed something a little more tangible with which to get started . I am sure this says more about my inability than the teacher's ability. I know I am not explaining myself well; I simply mean that to learn a language in which the alphabet is different and the meanings are based on emphasis rather than actual words, requires, I think, perhaps a bit more anchoring for the complete novice. For example, i wish we could have learned some simple conversational phrases, early on, just to get started, without worrying right away about all the sounds. Then once we can do that, we could get a bit more technical. Also, it would be helpful to be referred to a relevant text book. However, thank you for the effort. I hope Coursera will offer more languages since I could not find any other languages in the list.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was effective in testing what was learned and in testing simple, useful expressions, words, and sentences. However, I would have liked to learn Chinese characters along with the pinyin, as in China reading the characters is just as important as speaking. Also, I believe the quizzes were a bit too simple, there should have been more multiple choice answers to chose from, more questions in general, and even some pronunciation practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty good course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For me this kind of teaching is not very useful. I will want to learn more abou grammar so I can make sentences with sense alone. And of course more of phonetics. The teacher was great, she speaks very clear and explain wellThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had loved this course, because they teach you a lot of in Chinese and we can improve your language cultural.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would give it a five-star but at the beginning it was confusing how to access certain parts, there were no instructions on hoThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think, for beginners, it's a good job but the quiz is really hard to use !!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher spoke very clearly, but the transcripts of each lecture should have included the Pinyin transcriptions. Without them,they were no help.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction, but it would be nice to learn a little more about written Chinese and some basic grammar. Also, like all on-line courses, this one tests how good the student is at listening, but not how good they are at speaking. You can get high marks but still be unable to utter a single word or read any Kanji characters.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course only contains a basic introduction to chineese. You need further sessions to learn a language completely and to have any significant benifit from the effort put in.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I´ve missed Chinese hanzi.But apart from that the course and tests are all good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Focuses on pronunciation and basic pinyin. I think this might be a difficult course to start with, although the quizes themselves are very easy. Vocabulary is very lightly covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well, it is a fairly good introduction to chinese. It's short and easy. However, I expected much more from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is quite good course for beginners those are Latin-Language-speaking people. You don't need to learn a chinese characters. So, it is very simple.But, I think that these lectures lacks logiccal explanation. Even in beginning, the logical sturucte is undoubtedly important for further learning.And, Quiz are really easy. So, you can finish this course even in a day if you have a sufficient time. I do not think that this course will make someone really spaek Chinee in China. But, this should be recommended for only those are interested in Chinese and do not have a plan to go to china.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An easy course, though I disliked the lack of Chinese characters (only pinyin - the transcription) and lack of grammar rules. I recommend it only for beginners who know nothing of Chinese.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very good course to learn some basic expressions and, most of all, get a good first grasp of Chinese pronunciation. However I found the course structure quite repetitive over the seven weeks: Every other module is structured in the same way: "Which fruit do you like? Apple, banana, orange...", then the week after it's "Which sport do you like? Basketball, cycling, running". For a seven-week course this was not challenging enough. But it's a good start.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a great course! The only thing I did not fully like was the we could not learn any of the characters. I guess this course helped to develop the tones and the recognition of them, but, I think that a little shape in the characters and how each sound could improve this course a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For the amount of money one is paying for this product, one would at least expect teacher-student interaction. The tests are too easy, one can't learn properly from them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the quizzes could've been higher quality. Many of the images used in the quizzes were very confusing. Also, i think more character recognition instead of focus on pin yin would've been more beneficialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd like to know more day-to-day information to keep a conversation, I like how it started, but some instructions were not clear. And I'd like to see the characters to start learning how some words are written.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learning some of the radicals and simple words would make this course much more valuable. It already is very useful, why not do better? :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is enjoyable and interesting so far.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great overview of many models and techniques, but very high level. Would have greatly benefited from links to resources to learn more about all the subjects. This course leaves students with only basic knowledge of the subject matter, which is fine considering the course timeline. But, for those who want to explore further please recommend sources of additional reading and research.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt that topics were not treated in enough depth. It was a lot of topics to cover in a 4-week course.I learned a lot from the kaggle competition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it gets on my nerve from 3rd Work onwardsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Problems with vitual machine for R assigment. For peer review detail evaluation guidelines is need.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the "practical" part is not really existentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was in some ways a disappointment. Although the lectures were intriguing and clear, I felt like the assignments were essentially "Go and pick up R on your own," which was pretty frustrating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course and specialization. A few inaccuracies need to be corrected so it can be properly pursued at its best.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures in this course were very good but I would have preferred much, much more homework to practice the concepts covered in the lectures.Also, I was somewhat disappointed when a certain issue with the course that I asked about in the forums was never addressed by the course staff. Of course, I could have been wrong about it but, but based on the response from other students I was not the only one having this problem.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a decent course. Not as thorough as Analytics Edge or Machine Learning (by Andrew Ng).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Who can read Korean should really learn this course?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was alright ..confusing at times an seemed a bit convoluted. someone needs to come up with a better way to explain these concepts so that they are not so jumbled.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Doug's lectures were great! He's entertaining and he gets the concepts across very clearly. I struggled with the course itself, however. The participation rate was low and the iOS app was so buggy I deleted it. The web interface was better but still difficult to work with.The iOS app would forget I was in the course and lose my assignments. It also wouldn't let me open the discussion forums. With the technical problems and low participation I can only give the course 3/5.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The annotations of the different poems were great and taught me a lot about different poetic elements, but the lectures were unbearably corny with all of the different sound effects and bits. I found myself reading the transcripts because I could not watch the videos without feeling like I was being talked down to or that the instructor didn't take the course seriously.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material is very good. The most obvious issue with the course, is that peer revision takes a very long time, which means that you will get overdue assignments no matter what. For instance, after three weeks I'm still waiting for a revision that I wanted to use for the final workshop. I assume that instructor involvement in project revision is impossible in this kind of online course; but perhaps, if the issue is that people aren't getting their work reviewed, there could be an incentive for reviewers, for example, get an instructor/mentor review, if you submit at least, say, 10 thorough peer reviews.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gets 3 stars only because I learned new things in the class. But the teacher (Bless his heart for meaning well) ended up being rather annoying and distracting with his constant antics. It's okay to throw that in every now and then but this was really awful, makes you want to forward to the parts where he is normal. That's when you can pay attention to him and understand it all. Think you should ask him to tone it down big time... Everything in small doses is great.I think there is an unfair marking system in the last week - I wrote about it too. I don't want to pay for a course and have my points cut for silly reasons. If that's how it works, I never want to pay for certificates. What's the point in paying for 'subjectivity' or 'having to adapt my answers to suit the course'.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Elementary and entertaining with some unique and creative prompts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as much creative flexibility as I thought there would be. Writing to prompts left very little room to create poetry that felt like my own. Good short course (knocked it out in a couple of days) for revising/learning techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought there will be deeper info.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too much focused on the U.S.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hi Team,Course is good.Videos and contents need to be updated on regular basis, sometimes data discussed is bit outdated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected much more in this course. In my point of view, a very long time was spent to learn how to draw something in the screen. I thought this course would be focused in Object Oriented Programming and all about the best practices, why not? But it didn't, sometimes was very hard to go on with this. Anyway, thank you all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic Course. It involves a lot of GUI Concepts which may not be useful for general programmers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The explaining part could have been better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
pretty good but expected more of helping writing own programsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
coordination is required between the lectures and the assignments so a to fill any gapsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Considering the contents of the second and third course, this was too basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very good explained. However the practice relies a lot in code that cannot be explained like applets or mapping components... Sometimes you need more time to go through the documentation of a graphic library that you will never use again than in doing the actual assignment's core thing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Peer reviews was unfair. It's must be any methods to exclude inadequate learners from reviewing. Blacklists is only one way to stop them now.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are a beginner in OO not recommend .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a difficult course but teaches you much about Java.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent Introductory course for someone who is a newbie.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very confusing course for those who have no previous experience in Java.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not nearly as good as Part 1.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Slow start to week 1 but 'The Modern and the Postmodern (Part 2) is a continuation to 'The Modern and the Postmodern (Part 1) so best to understand (part 1). Looking forward to week 2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructer is not fluid, a "mentor" is devoid of critical thinking in communicating through the discussions section, the peers are reviewing haphazardly while "mentors" offer their own essays (from the past?) where they use material outside of the course readings which may sound plagiarizing after that long warning in each introductory section for writing assignements.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was tough and was explained in a very fast way assuming that the student knows prior statistics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Be warned - practice problems come from a textbook not available online or open-source. Forums do not offer much help or interaction. Material is presented clearly and lectures are well-delivered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion the positive thing of this course is bringing a very important area to Coursera. But there are some things that I believe could and should be improved. First, Duke has presented courses that have a lot of content, and it is a bit disapointing to only see two modules on this course. At least four modules should be presented. Also the weekly content should be more extended. In most parts of the course there are a lot of technical concepts, and the course lacks any type of resources. It should had been included the lecture slides and also external sources for further student development. Just having the videos to learn doesn't provide - again in my opinion, a very engaging learning experience. A small detail - in part of the course page the course is entitled Oil & Gas Industries, while in another place is entitled Oil & Gas Industry. A small detail but it should be corrected. This is my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assessments are way harder than the taught content, be aware to spend way more time on them than the estimates.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is not really about Functional Programming, but more about Scala in general. I've learnt much more about FP by reading Learn You a Haskell for Great Good by Miran Lipovača, and Functional Programming in Scala by Paul Chiusano and Rúnar BjarnasonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Howeworks are way to difficult even for someone who has programming knowledge like me and the lectures doesn't do enough justice to prepare students for the homework.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If looking only at what is being taught in this course, it's quite good. And I can heartily recommend it.The lecture videos are extremely monotonic! Which makes it _very_ hard to keep focus and pay attention. It feels like hypnosis sometimes. Several colleagues have the same experience with this course. Which is why I'm only giving it 3 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The grading seems to round up to 100%, which makes the assignments that are already generally easy far too easy. I took this course instead of just doing my own thing so that I could get some structure and motivation. While there was some structure, it was quite basic, and the motivation was diminished by "good enough" not being much. I was considering taking the later courses in the specialization, but I'm afraid that without real grading I won't learn as much as if I learn more slowly outside of Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments took me so long. It was supposed to be 3 hours but, got obsessed to have them ended ok, but in 15 hours nearly. I would recommend to build up from very basic stuff, and as the learning advances, going into more difficulty.The hints for the assignments were valid in the the last lesson, but for another lesson, I think lesson 4, there was no hint.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a decent overview of FP principals, but a poor introduction to the Scala language. In fact, the requirements should just come out and state that you must have prior Scala knowledge to most thoroughly appreciate the course. The last 2 assignments may have been ok for 3 hours (doubtful) for someone with Scala experience, but they really should be marked more appropriately for time for those of us new to Scala. I'd say 6 hours; easily more than that for the last assignment.Also, no slides or related handouts are provided. If you remember seeing something on one of the slides shown, you'll have to look back, scanning through all the videos trying to find it. This is a very poor way to manage course content - forcing students to rely solely on the videos.I'm left feeling I've only learned a smattering here and there of Scala, and don't think I'll take the remainder of the specialization as I had intended.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first couple of weeks were awesome - love Scala the language and the whole functional approach, and the detailed description of how the language actually fits together.Also love how the homework teaches you how to setup IDE, create unit tests, and submit actual code as homework - not just workbooks and multiple-choice quizzes like in some other courses.But why oh why was it necessary to go in specific detail over how to define natural numbers from first principles using classes, or spend a whole week on lists, etc? All that might be fine for general education in a university context, but as someone who does want to understand Scala, but from a perspective of getting cool things done - that bit was a total waste of time.Would be a better and shorter course if those 'didactic' bits were trimmed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1) quite academic assignments which are hard from the 1st one and are very far from regular programmer's job2) very quiet voice/record made it really-really hard to listen the course in subway/metroThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was Ok. I would have liked to learn a bit more about monads / monoids etc and I found the final week a bit disconnected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material, but the lecture format was very dry and composed primarily of long videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was splitted in order to get more money, and we know itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The only attractive thing in this course is a name of the author. The course itself is poorly designed, homework is hardly connected to the content of lectures. Might be interesting as an introduction for Scala newcomers, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good to absorb Scala as new language. But No farther guidance to how to think in Scala way. Please give some more(additional) exerciser which are real application using framework like Play.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a reasonably thorough introduction to the principals of functional programming in scala, but to fully grasp the material presented I found it necessary to include supplemental material such as the functional programming in scala book by Paul Chiusano (forward by the course instructor funnily enough). One point of frustration however was the near total unavailability of the course TA's or instructor. Also because the only forum for interacting with them is entirely public it's impossible to receive any formal code review apart from the automated tests they run when you submit. There were multiple occasions where I wanted feedback on not just the technical correctness of my solution but also to know if there might have been a more idiomatic or generally efficient (read: tail-recursive) way to express some peculiar bit of logic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I dont know how the peer reviews are done and like everyone else says its hard to trust them. However, it was a nice course I certainly learnt something that would really help my job.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the videos made too long by unnecessary clips from hollywood which illustrate the point but are too long. The assignment of the final week felt tacked on and not at all related to what was taught that week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course. However, it was very basic. I learned, but not sufficient for the 4 hours per week that I invested.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
3 stars for the missing pdf slides. other than that it was very well structured and oraganized!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The peer grading system need improvement. More specific grading rules needed. Coursera must supervise the grading process. The participants who put grades not according to the rules must be penalized.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Material generally interesting but felt a bit low bang for the buck, with much of it a bit obvious.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have learnt a lot or new information and improved my understanding in the filed of motivation. I have leart that as a leader you need to communicate clearly the vision, set goals which are in line with the vision. The thing that I miss is how to connect the motivation with the set goals.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gives some good birds eye view of the topic, but I would like to see more in-depth and technical material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good only to give an overview of supply chain logistics, but it does not give little deep to in depth knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gives some good birds eye view of the topic, but I wish the course had more in-depth discussion of topics and more technical material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It includes several information about logistics field but it is not so sophisticatedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course lacks much explanation even on the basic logistics concepts and halfheartedly explains whats left.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is mis-titled. There is very little music involved and a lot of social action. The discussions and videos are interesting, buy I am confused about the use of "music" to carry the course's agenda. Perhaps "The Influence of the Arts on Social Action" would better define the intent of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that this course has wonderful material, however, I think that more than 2 people should be required to peer review the assignments so it is a balanced grade. In my other classes, at least 5 reviewers are required to review each individual assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is good lecture to learn SCM in other conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very good course where students get to learn about supply chain management. People who are looking for deeper knowledge about SCM can opt this course. My only suggestion to this course is that they need to improve the quality of the video(not the content) and increase the difficulty level of the exams.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lecturer is downright boring and not engaging.Could had used more real-world companies as examples for teaching, including pictures, but it's the same bland slides again and again.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I definitely learned a few new things with this course but was hoping to learn some cutting edge tips on how to differentiate yourself as an artist with modern technology and how to build your fan-base online. It would be great to have tips on what to do on a day-to-day basis as an artist in the digital age. I also wish that the course covered more on how to avoid being "shelved" by a label or management company.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, but I expected more...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting concepts. The instructor is knowledgeable. As an organizational development practitioners, I found it very academic relative to the terms used and examples given. In some cases, I had to translate the terms used to every day layman language to really understand the concepts as they would apply in my day-to-day work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Did not learn that much through that course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course to get you thinking about your future classroom. However, do not expect it to necessarily challenge you to think in depth about your practice or provide engaging discussion via the forums.Nevertheless, a good way to get you thinking critically about how you want to run your classroom and provide examples and suggestions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are some ideas expressed in video that I found helpful. The assignments were very helpful as I was able to prepare for the 1st day of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of the course is very nice. Especially the part about the instruments is very good. It's good to see exact instruments of them. Hovewer, I think, a course about music should include a little bit music :) It will be better to figure out the problem about copyright. I prepared a Spotify list that includes the songs mentioned during the course but It's better to listen the music or see the lyrics during the course.Thank you very much :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor is very knowledgable. However, the course has too much memorized stuff to remember (especially when students try to finish the tests). One more thing, though at the beginning of the class, the professor notified that Beatles songs won't be played in the class due to copyright reason, but when students really go through the whole class, it is very hard to follow. Isn't music all about feeling? But the class is more like a history class. : (The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clearly, the instructor is passionate about the Beatles (as am I). However it's really hard to talk about the music of the Beatles and not nine able to even quote from their songs, much less play their music! No songs, no music for fear of being sued!Takes a good deal away from the course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You can't have a "Music of the Beatles" course without playing some of the music. Surely under the Fair Use provisions of the Copyright Act parts of the Beatles music could be played as well as parts of YouTubeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Apparently, the instructor is well-informed in the history of the band.Nevertheless, information is delivered in a huge portions, sometimes cluttered and it s easy to lost in the narrative.Sound quality is bad (the volume is jumping sometimes and there is a lot of noise)May I suggest that you provide a short arts of songs you are talking about?I understand, there are copyright issues, but still, something should be done about it.All in all, I wish to enroll in the second, improved release of this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm grateful to the professor for constructing and delivering this course. I learned a few things but the lack of musical analysis was a disappointment. I know that form is important but there was no mention of modulation, chord progressions or cadence styles (John versus Paul). I feel the course should have been titled The History of the Beatles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The best part of this course was, of course, the videos. But it just scratched the surface. I would have been happy to have a whole unit on Eudora Welty or B B King or the Chitlen Circuit. Each and every one of the films was priceless. But the course didn't fully exploit the possibilities of the web and I felt it was very static.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too reliant on materials directly collected by professor, too little context of larger artistic community.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a really good course. I was mostly interested in the music and related culture, but I will be interested to read some of the books that were discussed. Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting introduction to the South, Professor Ferris tries to be as exhaustive as the format allows however the exhaustivity leads to a sense of barely skimming the surface over too many topics. I would have preferred a little less and a few more in depth analysis.Impressive archives collection, definitely a plus of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Examples are good. Lecturer could be more interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course would work better if the material wasnThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good things:• Simple, clear concepts that serve as a foundation for further study of finance.• Many examples, repeated often to help gather basic ideas.• A pace that is easy to follow.• Friendly lecturer, even entertaining at times; which makes lessons fun to watch.• Helpful and kind teaching assistants.Not so good things:• Lessons alone don't teach you what you need; they don't even hint at some formulas that are necessary to pass the test.• Because of that, expect to find surprising problems and ideas on tests. You'll need to spend a long time working on them, probably attempt multiple times, and definitely visit the fora to consult with others.• Lack of assignments or already-solved exercises, similar to the ones used on the tests. There are only tests. Self-assessing assignments would be helpful to "try" the tests before actually attempting them.• The course is actually 5 weeks long (not 6 as stated, since there's an "empty" week). I doubt that's useful as the staff claim (I simply skipped one week and continued normally).• The professor insists repeatedly on a grandiose, philosophical, cheesy view of finance (how it'll make your life so much better, how it's applicable to so many aspects, how money isn't everything) but, in my opinion, betrays that spirit from day one by sticking to the most obvious applications and examples. He could, for example, show how these methods would apply to food supplies, barter, social prestige, trustworthiness, confidence in people or institutions, certainty about logic assertions, or other things that aren't measurable in dollars. He could use real-life examples (disastrous financial decisions in History, GDP of countries, international trade, loans taken by cities or countries, etc), and that would make it so much more engaging (I only remember one question about the price paid for the Manhattan island). He doesn't even use other currencies in examples nor tests.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clear but the content is a bit too simple. Need to include more real world scenario and application.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While Professor Kaul's enthusiasm and passion for finance is inspiring, his lectures are not entirely helpful come time to face assignments. He often rambles through the material, spending more time talking about his life rather than the material at hand. When he decides to finally talk about the material, it presented in a disorganized and confusing fashion. If he developed a disciplined schedule with material that was on par with the assignments, this course would not have been nearly as frustrating; challenging assignments, I agree, are crucial for learning the material well. I just wish I didn't have to spend more time browsing the internet finding material pertinent to answering his arbitrarily open-ended questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the equations/math could have been delivered in a much better wayThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is excelente, But I would like you to promote a little more the community. Due to, sometime is difficult to advance when you don't understand a subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very interesting environment to learn the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course lacks deep theoretical understanding of the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice explanation and nice tasks but the course is designed for graphlab. If you want to use something else the tasks are often badly described or it is impossible to pass theThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course content but it can be very difficult to get help if you are stuck on something.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course offers great background instruction on Machine Learning and I would give it 5 stars except for the following:First, there doesn't seem to be any moderation of the session discussions except for help from other students. This was worth a -2 star penalty. This and the lack of any review of linear algebra and vectorized solutions, I think, is giving some students the impression that they should be coding loops in their functions to build and solve ML models.Next, I am auditing the course, and this is the first course where I was not able to submit quizzes. Therefore, I can only guess at my solutions. This was worth a -1 star penalty.UPDATE: not being able to submit quizzes is a "feature" of the new Coursera platform. I never did get an answer from the discussion forums, but I see the same problem in other Coursera courses I am taking.However, I still think the course is worth taking, so I added back a star. This is the second ML course I have taken. The first was from Stanford ML course which was very specific to implementation in the Octave language. I got a lot more background information from this course, and I think it is well taught. Just wish there were more moderators that were actively watching the discussion list.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Rather elementary and slow-moving for my taste. But the material is competently presented and covers the material it is advertised to cover.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Passing mark is 100%, it is tough for me and demotivating to persuade further. And the course becomes too extra factors and complexity on later classes, it made me to lose the interest on the algorithm and course.I cannot complete it because of these two factorsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course materials are well organized. It could be improved by adding more description.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Missing in-lesson quiz, with all the homeworks being at the end of the week: this make following the pace quite toughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic overview of Typographical ideas, terms and so forth. A bit short and not very technical, but playing with Type as an integral part of design was really fun and inspirational.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but nowhere near as in-depth as some of the other courses found on coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting topic, but even for an introductory course not nearly enough to justify a full 4 week course for € 71!The first course, Fundamentals of Graphic Design, had more content, more (optional) assignments, and covered Typography, too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have welcomed more or longer lectures, and more variety in the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was extremely high level. I would have appreciated more content in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material, but not nearly enough to justify a full course. Should've been 2X as many lectures and assignments at least.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very technical and focuses more on cosmology than on the principles of Philosophy of ScienceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really informative. Equations were a bit difficult to understand. I felt that there was a bias towards anthropic principle.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Found it a bit hard to follow, some aspects could've been explained in more detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Though familiar with the material, the lectures made several very nice key points about the Philosophy of Science which I found useful. However there are a few issues :-a lot of the lecturing is on a board which is hard to read-there is a lot more science than there is PhilosophyThe latter isn't necessarily a bad thing, but based on the title I expected more of the latter.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has great content and I believe the professor is very knowledgeable about this subject matter. However, at times, it can be very difficult to understand what he is saying. I believe he knows the English language very well but, between his deep accent and speaking very quickly, there are a number of times I cannot understand what he is saying. This is reflected at times when reading the transcript below each video. I found it better to slow the video down to 0.75X the regular speed to hear him but that did not remove all of the difficulty.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor speaks too quickly and I think this will make it difficult for non-native English speakers to understand the material. This material will also be more understandable to individuals with a statistical analysis background, not enough time is spent on explanation and it will be necessary to supplement the class if you don't have the proper background. Passing the class by rote following of the examples will not give you the proper proficiency.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was some amount of confusion in the Quizzes and we didnt get moderation. Some more discussion in forums should be encouraged.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very repetitive with previous courses (especially week on competitive advantage), otherwise many concepts uses in a different way with different terms.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course. Would have been more helpful if had actually taught how to break a problem in parts and then create a policy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were some great lectures included in this course, but the emphasis on the content we were not receiving was a bit disheartening. I would have loved to view more of the controversial lectures that were referenced in the wrap-up.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While U.S. politics is important for many other disciplines, this course didn't have that much depth in my opinion to really be applicable on demands of international student and point of view. Still, very interesting lectures and good talks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting lecture series. The lectures are largely America centered with courses on presidential war powers, the functioning of governors. In this lectures the main focus is rather politics than policy. Although very interesting, the lecture series does not really live up to its title.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was interesting and informative. Would have been better if the online portions of the MOOC reflected a wide range of speakers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very much a straight lecture course of rather difficult material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's really informative and helpful.I will definitely recommend it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course seems to require a high level of foundation knowledge that I don't have. I had to leave the course before completion because of that. In fact, most of the videos were too complex to understand without prior knowledge on the matter and the deadlines are quite tight to have time to research all the topics.I believe the course content is quite interesting; but too complicated. I would appreciate less text and abstract drawings on the slide, maybe an intro with images (maybe 3D) of the human body to give a little bit of background on what's going to be discussed in the class...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should give more details.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is quite clear the course is going good so far ; however, i recommend the lecturer be more lively to help other be more interested in the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative - but I don't like the dry delivery style.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learnt a lot of stuff on how things happen inside all of us.Struggled in few sections, as i have not been in tough with physiology ...Feel program could be much more valuable by using1) 3D videos to support the lecture2) more examples of the application of the concepts in real life3) increase the extent of interdisciplinary elements (Sports, medical, day in the life...)4) Videos of Experts to share their findings/researchThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course seems to require a high level of foundation knowledge that I don't necessarily haveThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I watch the videos after work when I get home and Jennifer Carbrey puts me to sleep. The presentation is such that it is very difficult to stay focused.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There's a lot of material and it's hard to grasp it all. Hopefully that will improve as the course continues.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To US centered. Would have expected international approach as Coursera should appeal to World. Also too theoretical, more graphs and formulas would help to understand. For example deman and supply functions. When there is cost function determining or demand in certain industry dependent on market structure. When Price or MR determines equilibrium between S and D etc. Too simplistic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Topics about Supply & Demand were interesting.Rest was too much theoretical for me. I would have liked shorter presentations with more concrete examples.Design of the presentations could be improved as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fairly in-depth, but the lecture slides and examples have an antiquated feel and the testing involves very little other than simple recall (typically with examples already shown in the lecture slides). Evaluations should require more problem-solving and applying learned materials to new examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Al Filreis is an excellent instructor and very charismatic, unfortunately the poetry taught consists of only one worldview: secular humanist. Its too bad, otherwise I would offer 5 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hi My name is Kapil Raj and i am from India. This is the first course i have done from Coursera. Its an awesome course. Its a great course for someone who have just wanted to learn programming or have a little prior knowledge in programming.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general, it's very good!1) The interview and other stuff in the bonus video should renamed as optional or other names. It's misleading people to think bonus as materials related for the class.2) As the name is programming for everybody, will be better if some of the explanations or slides can be linked with daily life cases for people to understand the concept easily.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The approach of teaching has to be changed more examples with clear explanation has to be given.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course for the beginners. The language and explanations are very very simple.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I rate this course as a three out of five because I feel that during the 'worked exercise videos' it would be much more helpful if only the correct code was shown. It's very confusing to see the wrong code typed in and then the correct code. I think it would help students to more easily remember the function of code if only the right code is shown in examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a very basic course. I was expecting something more advanced. But all of what was taught was good and clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is not bad, but it teach Python 2! It Should teach Python 3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should be more challenging and more programing exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe programming need practice. I would prefer to have many many assignments, like 20 on each week, at least. That's the best way to remember and get speed on simple things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really like the main information I got with this course, but I think that it was too basic. I never learned any programming language before this course, but sometimes I felt that the teacher was going too slow on explaining somethings.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit easy. Completed in a weekThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There arent enough examples to get us a good path to learning Python. More practice and solved questions were required.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a very basic introduction to Python. I have coded in other languages and found myself skipping the lectures and just reading the book and working the exercises. If I needed additional information I would use a certain YouTube resource (thanks Bucky) because his lectures are so much more useful. Also, I'm not really sure why I can't start the next course and have to wait until the start date more than a week from now. I can't seem to think of a good reason for this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a little short and the quizzes and short assignments are too easy, so they do not really cement your knowledge of the programming concepts. I believe beginners should enroll in another Python course or self-study more on the side to fully grasp the concepts. Nevertheless, it was a good introduction to Python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is strictly for beginners. If you have had little hands on experience in Python, you may not find it that useful, though it's good to rehearse a bit. Also this course was on Python 2, so try to identify the differences between 2 and 3. One concern is that Python installation steps are covered in every week's classes which is redundant one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very nice course but a shame you cannot do any of the quizzes without an upgrade to the payed track.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course pace was very well suited for a total beginner, I found the didactics of this course not so well-structured. The examples and starter codes caused quite some confusion, and the underlying coding principles were not made very explicit. I've finished an introductory Python course from the University of Toronto, and found that course much better structured. It gave me a level of understanding that I would probably not have reached by following the UMich course alone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course for pure beginner who never program before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's really interesting course i like it very much thanks for all your cooperation and your education methods and thanks to courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro course for a total novice. If you have some programming background, you will move through this very quickly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough material though for a full course. This whole course can be done in few hours by people with some experience in programming. Unfortunately this does not provide enough possibilities/assignments to deeply relate to the language and really feel comfortable in it (not even at the beginners level as is the aim of the course). Nice slow introduction though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too basic for me, excellent for programming newbiesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic intro to Python. But I found the content not to systematically organized....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its a 7 week course but it covers very basics which can be easily completed in one week instead of 7 weeks +1 star for funny prof. ;)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit basic/slow to start with. Covers fundamentals very well, and the textbook is excellent.Some of the slides are hard to read - the white text on fluorescent green particularly!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs more in-depth analysis of loops and type of arguments. Rest all is great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to understant the basic concepts of python, including variables, loops, exception handler, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its good, but I feel a little bit of disparity between the level of detail given in lecture vs the reading. Meaning that the lecture is comfortable and easy going and the personal work and reading is a bit more advanced.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes the material was not explained sufficient enough to adequately complete the assignments. I had to use YouTube a couple times to get a better understanding of the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course has mindblowing but it needs updateThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wanted to get some basics of Python, but was rather disappointed by this course. It is incredibly slow, I really don't understand who might need a whole lecture to get the concept of functions or so. Probably, this course could work for children with low level of math and zero programming experience, but otherwise it is waste of your time. I added the third star just for the book which is good on its own.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Takes a long time to figure out the problem setsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course Great Instructor!I really enjoyed the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very good overall but I would have often preferred for the lectures to be more on point. Some of the lectures contain lengthy introduction and gags, which I am sure many students like. Personally, though, I would have liked it better if the lectures were more focused on the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Actually I know a bit python and it seems that the course was not that meangingful to me but the teacher and assignment are really nice!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Parts of videos were distracting and dragged on for longer than necessary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very long but easy videos, lots of repeating material. I would not recmmend this course for someone who - like me - needs fast intro to python. However, programming assignments are good and so are the Quizes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a better option to start with programming and that also with Python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is comparatively easyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very slow paced. I appreciate that it is bringing me up to speed for the next courses but I found the learning pace to be a bit slow with very simple test assignments.The practical code implementation assignments were great. I found they were an effective way to learnThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could benefit from harder assignments or moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good vibe but way too easy.... even for beginners! I am no beginner but I finished the whole thing in less than an hour.... Not much learnedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Explanations is pretty well, but it is not so difficulty. So it's good for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course. Can be better in terms of information and assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very easy material, with a bit boring assignments. With not much more effort more material could be covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction for people who have no prior programming backgroundThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is too basic....perhaps squeeze more material since it assumes you don'tThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good content, but slow pace. tiny increments per weekThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course and assignments were very easy. Could have been more challenging if assignments were little difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is way too simple and too slow. Probably good for someone who has never done programming before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for real beginner of programming, if you already have experience with any other language, this might be too easyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't like how there was no interaction with the other classmates or there was no easy way to comment, but I loved the way it was so interactiveThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The resources weren't organized enough to be fully accessed with ease.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is not that much helpful for those who want to do work for coding. I mean the level of toughness of questions is not too good to compete any coding competition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good intro to programming. Enjoyed the coursework; plan to continue so I can learn even more...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mediocre, not that helpful. Not the best. I was urged to skip all the vids in wk 2The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic introduction. If you have any coding experience in other languages, this will be extremely simple.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I struggled with some of the instruction as I couldn't get the exercises/quizes to work right; even with multiple views of the videos, posting questions, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the sense of Humor of Dr. Charles. His teaches like someone of our age, like a friend, I appreciate that. The course will not be a burden on anyone. It's easy to follow along.The concepts taught are not taught in a structured way (although the way they are taught is good). My advice to the staff is that Structure all the similar things and explain them at one place. Some important and helpful things are left out.Overall, it's a good course for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very simple course. It is perfect for nonprogrammers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you can't program at all this is an excellent course, If you know how to program in any language this course is not for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good introduction for people who have never do anything with programming. It is really basic knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm sure this is a fantastic introduction for those with no prior programming experience, but as someone with even just a little bit of prior scripting experience, I found it extremely slow-paced. Rather than suffer through the lectures, I did DataCamp's Intro. to Python and then did all the quizzes & assignments for this class as extra practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is pretty basic however I think it’s necessary to start with good base for the rest of the specialization courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fair course. Explanations are good and materials are solid.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very well conducted for a beginner, but some lectures seems too long to convey a simple concept.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is wonderful for a beginner who knows nothing about programming. If you know programming of any other languages, you can spend a few hours and quickly finish this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's easy to start python with this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All of the review I've read were that the course was great, so maybe it is me that was the problem. However, as I would go through the written material, I would try to work the problems given as examples, and when they did not work, I was confused and wondered why the example given to teach us would not work. I asked for help a number of times, providing screen shots of the results I got trying to duplicate what the example was supposed to show, and page numbers of where the example was presented in the course materials. One former student basically said that I should not be trying to duplicate the examples, but just accept the concept they were trying to show. Another did a good job of explaining one of my questions, but then all replies to my question ceased. I decide to drop out of the class and try teaching myself, as I have done on everything I have learned about computers since my 1st computer in 1983. I have been very impressed with other courses given by Coursera members, but this one was not one of them. All of the other submissions praise the course, so maybe it is just me, but none of the other submissions mentioned any actual things the course had done - just that it was great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think it could have less videos teaching how to install Python and more about the language principles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course assignments weren't challenging enough for me and lectures were too slow for my liking. But, I do understand that the course is more suited for people without prior experience in programming, so I have nothing to complain about. Good beginner course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos tended to be a bit longer than necessary. Might consider cThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course to understand the basics of Python, though there's no difference between the book chapters and the video lectures (lectures are basically readings of the chapters) - I expected more info in general.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very thorough. Walks you step by step, but a little too slow and detailed for someone with minimal coding background.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is some good material but the presentation seems a bit uneven; some parts are repeated many times at very slow speed while other parts, equally important, barely rate a word. The quizzes can be very searching and you really need to have paid close attention to every word (however quickly or slowly it passed by).I would have liked more practical exercises. The accompanying book is good and I am still looking forward to the other courses in the sequence which move further away from my limited knowledge of Python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked it but I think it's a little too basic, even for me. Thanks you very much for this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Appreciate the efforts done by the team to design the Course in such a way that even a Beginner can learn. Thank you for that!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercise need to be more heavyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content inside this course is well tought through. Questions and asignments holds high quality.If you haven't been in contact with Python before, this might be the first step for you, and when I say first step, then I really mean first step.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The difficulty of assignments should be increased.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Both the lectures and text have good information and well explained examples. Low production value.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is way tooooooo easy for me. I'm a PhD candidate in statistics. I think it will be nice if I can have a diagnostic survey to test whether this course is suitable for me or not before the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel it's too simple and really just for beginners who know nothing about codingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is good and easy to follow but lack depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos were very slow and many contained useless information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it's too basic for my taste.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too simplistic in my opinion. The entire 7 week course should be condensed into the first week - a single one hour lesson.Still, I appreciate the time and effort of the course staff and thank them for providing the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to get in, now I know the basics of Python.. however, maybe too much extra stuff and discussion about this and that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very fundamental, but the instructor is tiresomely talkative...for example, when he talked about examples, he compared each two numbers again and again, what I want to is the logic to find the max/min number, not 49 is larger than 9!!!everyone knows it !! he compared every number every time ....it is boring!!! I will not choose this course if there are other python courses open at this time!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Kinda too slow in speed. But overall greatThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a course that would be helpful to complete programming novices. Any prior knowledge of programming is likely to render it useless to the student. That being said, a programming newbie should have no problem following it.The professor speaks slower than necessary. 1.75x or 2x speeds make the pace more manageable and is still easy to follow.In addition, it uses an old version of Python, which tends to make the exercises slightly annoying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too easy and pretty long for meThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too easy, for novices in programmingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a bit slow but good for someone with zero experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a bit too easy. But a good foundation for the "Everybody" audience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
breaking down the videos into various little ones would be more productive i think.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i am very excited that i become a programmer and ihope that in the end of this course i become like a professional programer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clear instructions. Good for beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is indicated to anyone looking for an overview of Python programming. All Assignments and Quizzes are quite simple problems. To be honest, I expected more of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too very basic and is very slow. I am not from a programming background and still feel so.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting a more in depth, more rigorous course. More homework, at the very least. Also, the first two weeks could have been condensed down to one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very simple and smooth course for new comers, i think it would be better to have more challenging tasks and more related to a real world, that's why i've put 3 stars. Practise is everything, so good tasks are the essential part of learning process.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course seems to be very interesting and cover wide spectrum of NLP subjects, it is full with references to other materials some of them are no longer exist in the location given. Also the programming exercises quite often are detached from the material and also have references to materials that were not covered in lectures accompany them.My advice to author - made lectures and exercises more self-contained. Do not try to cover enormous amount of material during one week. Make exercised to be closely connected to the material given during that week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of good information, but I found it hard to retain most of it without a less dry style of presentation. Assignment were quite hard, and instructions were a bit too sketchy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's more towards teaching linguistics and theoretical concepts. I understand that is also required to understand the subject. However, I was expecting more practical training on coding different programs with various ways. I suggest to introduce a balance in theory concepts and practical training.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's ok; worth your time if you are trying to get into philosophy and want part of the proper foundation. Overall I enjoyed it and it was good as a hand-hold through the pre-Socratics and some of the most essential Platonic writings.Pros: the videos are pretty easy to understand, and the material chosen/covered is good to know.Cons: the video quiz questions are really...dull...and there are too many. A downside of the ease of the videos/lectures is that they don't really go that in depth, and they're nowhere near the quality I've seen in other Coursera courses (like the Kierkegaard course from UCopenhagen).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Heavy going! Informative though - and an engaging teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material is OK; the lectures are fun and interesting, but to pass the course you need to submit an assignment that is subjected to peer review and you will need to get approval by all of your peers. However the act of subscribing to a MOOC alone does not make people suited to review other peoples work...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor is animated and clearly loves her subject. I don't think we need to stop so frequently to ask a quiz question though. It's best to keep going on one subject without interruption.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Slow down. Introduce more R before asking to create projects in R. Only because I know other programming language was I able to finish week 5. Also very strong group of mentors... God bless you mentors!Disconnect between course objectives and programming assignments / labs. Reading book you learn one thing, watching lectures another and then unrelated labs, which then culminate in something totally different during week 5?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It can be made more informative on theory side. The course is bit fast i guess or may be all the courses are like this only since this is my first course. But still i feel like things are going bit fast because I was not having any previous knowledge of data statistics or R language. However, giving some efforts on both sides I am happy with my performance. Thanks for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very mixed feelings about this course.Generally speaking, the course lectures are informative and well organized. Mentors are reallly of great help, they are doing a great job, honestly: they are very active, they give good insights, they know the subject matter.But in the course lectures, there are occasions where concepts are used which were not formally introduced before their actual use.One example: in the lectures on probability, the first "slide" in the lecture talks about random processes, outcomes of random process,... On the next slide, the notion of probability of an event is introduced, but the very notion of "event" was never introduced. It is introduced in the accompanying book, but if it is the case that the book chapters should be read PRIOR to watching the course videos, that fact should be made clear.Further in the course on probability, some words are used "interchangeably" without the context making it clear why they can be used interchangeably. For instance, on some occasions, the concept of independent events is used, but then, later on, the discussion talks of independent processes. Which is which??? Is there a difference? If so, what is it? When do I need to use independent events as opposed to independent processes?The graded assignments are of varying quality. The most disturbing thing about them is that, on some occasions, concepts are used in the quiz questions (either directly in the questions and answer choices, or indirectly in the "correction" for the quiz after you have submitted it) that were never touched upon in the course.I have had two occasions of concepts not introduced in the course but used in the graded assignments.The first occurrence of a gap between course content and quiz questions was on a quiz question about inference. I failed the question, and understood why I failed based on the course content litterally minutes after failing the question (and one mentor actually rightly corrected me). But the question "correction" (the explanation text you receive after submitting, as justification for what the correct answer is) referred to the concept of "two-sided hypothesis test". Where did THAT come from?? I checked and rechecked the course videos, no mention at all of it. I checked the accompanying book, and the first mention of two-sided hypothesis test is way way way further in the book, in a chapter that is entirely focusing on inference.The second occurrence was in week 4. The course lectures cover two distributions: normal and binomial. The recommended reading in the book also focus on these two distributions (the recommended reading actually skips the section on geometric distribution, if I remember well). But in one of the quiz question, there was one of the possible answers referring to the geometric distribution. If it is the case that we are supposed to know and understand about geometric distributions, then the course content should cover the subject. Or at the very least, the course lecture should mention clearly that learners are advised to read about it in the accompanying book.The guidelines for the project assignment (week 5) are not all that clear as to what is expected from the learners. Sure, there are instructions on where to find the info, what structure should be followed,... There is also a very nice "example" project (designed by one of the mentors), which provides a lot of useful info (how to filter missing values from variables,...).But there is no real hint as to the depth of analysis we are expected to complete. This is definitely a source of confusion, not only for me, but also for a few other learners, from what I gathered in the discussion forums. The result is that the projects you get to review are of very disparate levels. Some end up in calculating one figure per research question, without any attempt at deriving trends or patterns, others do not include any plots at all,... The thing is that the peer review criteria do not really provide a good basis to ensure that learners did indeed assimilate the course contents. Most of the questions in the peer review assignment have a lot more to do with following a canvas and not so much with the course substance itself.For instance, some of the peer review criteria have to do with the narratives for computed statistics and plots. The criteria are: "Is each plot/R outout followed by a narrative", "Does the narrative correctly interpret the plots, or statistics", "Does the narrative address the research question". But when the research question is a question of the type "What it the IQR for income per state", for instance, the narrative can be very short: "IQR per state shows that the state with higher variability of income is...". So, the narrative meets the 3 evaluation criteria: there is a narrative, it does address the research question, and it does correctly interpret the statistics. But it is not particularly useful.I do understand that Internet-based peer review is challenging, and that you have to settle for "neutral" criteria that are easy to assess by learners. But the peer review grading "grid" as it currently stands is not "that" helpful in assessing whether the course contents has been assimilated.To conclude, when I took the course, my initial plan was to follow the entire specialization. But after having completed the first course of the specialization, I have radically changed my mind, and will look for alternatives "elsewhere" to get the knowledge/skillset that I am after.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I took this course hoping for a fundamental education in utilizing R for statistical analysis. Unfortunately, this course focuses heavily on statistical methods and very little on explaining the R processes used. Good for introductory stats students, not great for those interested in furthering their knowledge of R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course.But the week 5 project is a little vague. It would be beter if we had a lab assignment instead.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is OK, but in my opinion the price 69€ is higher for the material you learn.Lower price probably more people take the course payingAlso is a pitty that people we do not want to pay, we could not have a final assignement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish they could let us take the quizzes without having to pay to verify that we have understood the lectures. However, the topic of the course and the lectures are clear and on point. Love the lessons so far!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting overview of group psychology - but in essence just a bunch of definitions and statistics.I would have liked more focus on how the group dynamics works and how to influence these - and break the circle of unpopularity, the tools to overcome the aggressive stamp etc.Also, I found the quizzes often had unclear and ambiguous wording.Generally happy to have taken the course - but did not quite meet the description or my expectations. Off to the next :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is way to basic and easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but didn't explain in depth many of the topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is good for new born managersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good overview of tools for juniors or university students just getting into things. Easy to understand.It might not have the depth satisfy more senior professionals, but could be a good refresher if not.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mostly common sense, but it is a good reinforcement. I like listening to the stories/examples but they could have been shorter and the course would have felt like a more efficient use of time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simple and clear explanations to solve problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fast, efficient, not very time-consuming. However, the instructor was relatively boring and most of the material was common sense. I came out of the course learning almost nothing, but the certification looks good on my resume.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too abstract with too much general informationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is quite interesting ,but the professor was lacking luster .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Many points are just a presentation of bulletins with a very brief description. Could use a little more depth or at least some pointers for further study.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting overview on the topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting stuff in there.A couple of lectures need video editing though. (There is one where the lecturer says "Let me start over" and then starts over. The less than optimal start could be trimmed off.)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It should show more how to implement the skills learned in real life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Presenter seemed a little unsure of what he was presenting by timesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Concise but too concise I feel. Maybe it's meant for more foundation/beginner level ? Else, need more details. Not just overview.And, need more involvement/engagement from students, need multiple (randomized per attempt) questions in quizzes, need participation from course producers/TAs for questions and clarifications needed by students (in discussion forums).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good insight into problem-solving in companies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course with well explained topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This lecture just gave some fundamental ideals rather than details. Luckly I have not enrolled the certification.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor is sub par,. Questions are a bit vagueThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite useful and interesting. But not fully live up to my expectations !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Helpful and clear.I would like it more if it had more elaboration and practice on the presented tools.Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, but a little "light" at times.What's great though is that there are no deadlines, which really enabled learning at my own pace whenever I had free time :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course but not great. Something is missing and I can't pinpoint what.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It could be better if there were more working/practice examples, but it lays down a good overview of the techniques and decision making process.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would say a fundamental course for VLSI.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for beginners. I've picked up the nuances of branding via reading materials outside of this course, through my professional network, etc. and hence I was expecting more from the course.Also, I would like to mention that the quality of video lectures can significantly improve as some videos that were shot in an external location had too much noise and it was a distraction to focus on the lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was quick, but I was expecting some more views and videos of other professionals to get the additional learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
everything is there butshould be deeper for experienced personsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good! But a little bit more on social media. It will be better if we can learn more about tactics and methods of personal branding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not what I was expecting, but for the ones who enjoy social networks and want to learn, I recommend.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although an excellent course, it seemed a bit too easy - not challenging enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An engaging instructor, but I was hoping for something a little more in-depth, with more rounded guidance for personal brand development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a five week course. While it was very informative, I would have preferred longer lectures and more material to read. I finished the 5 week course in 5 days - hence making me question the value of it. In saying that, I really did enjoy it and the professor was great!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did like the course BUT when you make the "exercises" and post something on the forums... OMG... Huge mistake... you start getting replies of EVERYTHING so... you can have 20 emails a day because other people are doing their "exercises" and posting on the forum, the worst is that is no way to turn off those....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Relevant, to the point and natural presentationsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course will be helpful for brands / people who begin their journey with personal branding and social media. The material contains many detailed personal examples and another great value of the course is in sharing experiences in the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Entertaining course, but only for those who are totally new to personal development and branding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is an interesting course, but mostly for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should provide a free statement of accomplishment if not a verified certificateThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is OK, not too informative and not too poor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Helpful, but most of the information was general and could be found on any social media advice blogs. While the instructor was fun...her videos could use more graphics/powerpoints or some sort of visual instead of just straight up talking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thisis a really introdutory lessons about personal branding. I think i saw good tips but could be more infos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty decent class but zero communication. If I could give that part a negative score I would, actually an imaginary number would be better. There are a few incorrect lecture links and errors on tests that have been pointed out dozens of times over several years now and nothing has been done whatsoever. Was also horribly misleading by stating that it was Certificate-granting when it was not, partially (not totally) fixed now but it really screwed one person I know, luckily the grade sheet seems to be sufficient proof for my purposes but if you are looking for resume material go elsewhere. For pure passive learning I would give 4.5 stars, but the lack of any instructor interaction AT ALL, and the obvious lack of attention to consistent (and totally correct) calls to fix simple errors for years now,drags it down to 3 stars in my book. Still not bad as long as you know what you are going into. I did learn a decent amount, can't deny that at all, but don't expect even the tiniest effort from anyone to help you with anything under any circumstance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course seemed to be more geared to artists/composers than technicians wishing to expand or futher their skill setThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too short, interesting but far too shortThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed the assignments! And I was impressed by the teacher's track record.But the lectures were difficult to follow, and I still have no idea how to get started with nanotechnologies after this course. Wish there were more details on where/how to get started and practical examples to support it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I cannot sign up for the message board -- why can't we just use Coursera's built-in one like other classes do? Also, it would be a lot nicer if we didn't have to pay to even submit quizzes to get any feedback. I feel like I should only have to pay to get the certificate or maybe a final project review. Also, I don't really think all the intro to programming stuff should be in this class. It seems like it should be a separate class, really, like explaining what a function is. Objective C is big enough on its own without trying to teach C, too. The assignments aren't very inspiring, either, although I like how simple the first one was because it got me on my computer trying to do it the first day.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not very proper explanation of How to use Control key with mouse to set button properties.No discussion forumThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would like to see the more practical information. The course is 90% built on PMBOK. I can read this guide on my own outside the course. In the course, I prefer to see how the practice corresponds with the theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good series for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful if you want to take PMP exam, beginner info about PM, but not very deep.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Real live scenarios of running a project would add a great deal to the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did not enjoy this as much as the first course. Still interesting though!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just a format introduction to Project management, but good one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be in much greater depth. Loved the video lectures: more please! Perhaps a second video lecture per week that delves into greater detail, so that the level of discussion is more in line with the PMBOK. The quizzes were simplistic, which is fine, but the final was literally just questions from the quizzes pasted together (all were repeats!) This sad fact undermines the integrity of the final as an actual test of ability and comprehension.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the materials, but I don't like that you need to pay to take the quizzes. I think that it is against the spirit of Coursera because it limits the experience of user who are willing to learn but don't have enough money to pay for the course. Many other courses allow you to take quizzes and do projects whitout payingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is good but the quiz and final exam are way too easy...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros: Very clear explanations, useful slides for PMP preparation.Cons: Very easy questions and exams. Not challenging at allThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice intro course into what is a project and who is involved in a project. Some of the lecture material did not match the paired video which led to some confusion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Following are the scope of improvement -1) The flash lessons could have been provided in some kind of downloadable format (preferably PDF)2) Actual examples of Project Charter and Project Management Plan could have been provided. This would have made it easier to relate theory (of this course) with (actual) practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course contained some valuable information, but the lack of projects even small ones didn't help much. I would prefer a small project/assignment during the last week of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really nice but a little complex for people who just want to learn the basics. This would be very helpful for current college students as the course includes optional readings that are very informative and helpful for a deeper understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked to had more relevant examples of how to apply the concepts learned to real life scenarios.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The site is not very user friendly. The information is good though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked better tools to do this type of work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, easy to follow. Stayed away from complicated, deep-dives of informationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit confusing in term of structure. We jumped from some sections of the project life cycle to others missing some others. It gave a good general picture of what project management is about. But I'm not quite sure which is the order I should follow when dealing with a project. However I have to say I didn't do the optional readings. At least not yet!Anyway, I think is an overall good course for not initiated people like meThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
more practical projects&homework would be great!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I watched the entire set of week one lectures, and sadly I do not think this is up to scratch with the rest of the material on Coursera. The presentation is not consistent: there are slides, web cam videos, animations, and it just feels like the course is a mish mash. The University of Adelaide is running a similar course on a well known competitor site, so I have signed up to that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
test questions far too easyslide show lessons not well structured and too focussed on repetetive conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course, if you're looking to learn the basics of planning projects, and it doesn't take more than a day to complete, it's just a bit of reading.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Material is very detailed which is both a positive and negative. It gets a little redundant and some things are just common sense. You can tell the instructor is trying to be upbeat but is very clearly reading off of "cue cards" so it's a little flat. For a free course you get a lot of information and it is very easy to get a 100 on every quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative and clearly structured course. However, its content is aimed at professional project managers - useful but not exactly what I was looking for !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good way to refresh your knowledge about PMP .. but not qualifying as a professional courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the discussion on initiating and planning projects could be improved to be a bit more comprehensive and It would be great if the lecture slides were downloadable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is great resource of information. The biggest drawback is the need of using Flash to view most of the lecture. This limited my ability to went through the course on time - I "attend" Coursera courses using my iPhone while commuting and it is not possible for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It isn't as engaging as I thought it would be. Since this is an introductory course, it would have helped if this were more interactive to build the interest for the latter courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course, as intended probably, is theoretical and gives a good snapshot of project management. Following the PMBOK guide and covering all the relevant portions in the limited time deserves an applause. The only area of improvement, I felt, was the case study.It could have been a little more detailed and has scope of increased level of difficulty. A good course overall and beneficial in almost all walks of work :) Thank you !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative, and easy to follow format.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need to me more technical. It was covering very basic conceptsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good basic overview. Not groundbreaking content or presentation compared to courses featuring Steve Blank or leaders from Google.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is targeted to business negotiations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course with many tips, but very enterprise and US oriented. To be expected, but still I would have liked some more day-to-day aspects coming up. It is possible to adapt most tips but I think that could enrich the course.The teaching voice should be more active. Felt like a falling asleep university course. A negotiator should be a more fluid speaker (in my humble opinion, not an expert in any ways).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's better to just read the transcripts than watch the painfully boring videos. If you don't have an interest in law then you won't find this class very interesting. I thought the information was good but could have been better presented.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much law for non lawyersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material and final. Quizzes at the end of each week would be helpful. Also, the videos could have been quite a bit shorter.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The final negotiation homework was very interesting, and useful in internalizing the concepts. I didn't like the fact that the course spent a lot of time covering legal topics. Perhaps due to the instructor's legal background. I wish there were practical recommendations on salary negotiation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I struggled a lot with the presenter of this course. The presentation was quite fluffy yet the book is direct and straight to the point on the theory of negotiations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Enjoyed the professor, but there was lots of fluff and ultimately spent far too much time focusing on legalities and minor details and less on actually imparting negotiating skills.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting, but in the other hand is too basic, If you already have some knowledge about negotiationg it wont give you a lot of knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has amazing breath. Most other specializations are organized chronologically (i.e. Course 1: Learn Ruby, Course 2: learn about databases with rails, Course 3: Learn about HTML,CSS, JS, etc.) But this introductory course describes everything that goes into making web applications, from front end to back end and compares ruby on rails to the other major frameworks. If you're just trying to get started learning WebApps, as I was, this is very useful.The reason I couldn't give it 5 stars was that there weren't very useful assignments. You learn programming best from doing projects. In this course, there were a few quizes (which aren't as nearly as useful as projects) and the only projects that existed were to simply follow the steps exactly as the professor did in his videos. I think that the makers of the course are 90% of the way to a top course, they just need to add in programming assignments for each week, where you don't just follow the professor. I learned a lot from this course, but without getting the programming projects and exercises needed to reinforce the understanding, it may be hard to retain some of the knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's satisfactory but I recommend reading the book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course really helps me understand the basic logic behind the modern macro business world. The focus on the history of economic schools and world economy is a highlight which provides lively background for the dull economic concepts. But the blame on China for the sluggish US and world economy is very biased and selectively blind, because Prof. Peter Navarro is Trump's economic advisor. When he blames China for everything, he forgot one fact that the 2008 Financial Crisis and the resulting world recession were initially caused by the US, not China. I respect Pro. Peter Navarro and really appreciate his teaching, but I don't think mixing too much personal bias into the public course is responsible and objective, and that's why I took two stars off.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have to admit, this course greatly disappointed me from the beginning. The main reason is its title; it should have been "Macroeconomics of the USA". The instructor focuses too heavily on the US economy, which is partially understandable due to its significance, but I personally got tired of the endless supply of facts (and opinions) about US Presidents and their choices on US Macroeconomic Policy over the last 80 years.Other than that, the main concepts of Macroeconomics are presented with adequate detail. I had very little background in Economics but managed to grasp them rather easily. The presentations are pretty dull, however, with the professor mainly reading through the slides (which mind you are NOT in downloadable form).All in all, it's not a bad course, but there is great room for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am having difficulty in understanding it.The concepts go by way too fast..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by too much information all of a sudden in each lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Presentation slides could've been better prepared. The quiz could've thrown the right answers after finishing. But it was very informative overallThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course discussed a great deal of very important information, but the instruction was very rushed, and often lacked the specific details needed - for example, formulas were sometimes left out, and it was assumed you could/would just "figure it out." The quizzes were very detailed and specific - which I do not disagree with - but I feel as though they sometimes focused on minutiae rather than large or critical concepts.There were also several spelling and grammar mistakes throughout the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It presents a lot of different aspect of macro economics in a really short time which is good. But because of that, it doesn't give a good understandings of each problem.Nice introduction, but I will start another class on the subject which I would have liked to avoid.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Is not a completed and structured course. It needs more examples to get the idea exactlyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
nice course but i did not recieved my certificate yetThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures and resources are good quality and offer a lot of information. However, the peer reviewed assignment needs revising.I submitted all the assignments early for the course, making sure to get in my peer reviewed assignment a week early to ensure that if I needed to, I could resubmit and have time for grading. I did not receive a grade on my assignment until after the deadline was passed. My assignment was mis-reviewed by my peers, clearly they did not read my paper, they just clicked randomly at the grading options. This caused me to fail by a few percentage points. I resubmitted my assignment that day, highlighting the content the graders missed. I still do not have a grade on this assignment and fear I will fail the class.The reason I bring this up in my review is that there is no contact information for the instructor. There is no process to dispute the grade. The assignment needs an overhaul if you expect people to take the assignment to pass the class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments flawed and need reviewing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course itself is excellent, cases are very good and practical, but the only thing is lots of technical issues with the assignments and quizzes. Therefore only 3 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Still a very interesting course, but a few technical problems with test and forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course, probably, was good, but it was presented in rather boring and slow manner, so in the end I completely lost interest, and was skipping through the lectures.If it could be done in more lively and engaging manner, it would have been greatThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course but not enough new information and knowledge as expectedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the presentation was needed to be change a little bit, to get the postive attentionThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very interesting course. I was quite taken.The teacher is good in her solos, and quite good while in the group. I dind't really like the massive use of the terms "kind of" (often used to explain concepts) and for this reason I still have to finish it.I will quickly 'cause I 'm looking forward to learning something else.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material here is good, especially for a MOOC, and it seemed like they tried to make it dynamic with the use of questions, discussion, interviews, and extension activities. I'm disappointed, however, that the course focused so heavily on Frederickson's work to the exclusion of others. While I understand that this is where she would feel the most comfortable and familiar, to start with her broaden-and-build theory and continually reference her lab's work, with the additional readings often being her books, it felt limited. I would have liked more of a discussion of the contributions of other psychologists like Seligman, Csikszentmihalyi, Peterson, Diener, Lyubomirsky, etc. Along with that, it could have addressed topics other than emotions (or been titled The Positive Psychology of Emotions), like character strengths, flow, or institution change. I love the fact that this course exists, and it's a good foundation to build on, but it still feels too narrow to claim the title Positive Psychology.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Even though I liked how the teacher conducted her course in a dinamic way with 4 participants I expected more from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good. Easy to understand with simple exercises. Lots of things are learnt. But better be more interesting with more ways of presenting and showing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course and the contents are very helpful. There are important components like negativity bias and loving-kindness meditation. However I somehow feel it lacks a more systematic or scientific approach since lots of the materials goes on with a free and open discussion that very much depends on subjective views or feelings of selected individuals who joined the discussion. Take another example, "What is Love" session clearly depends an individual's own view. It contradicts "triangular theory of love" and the lecturer doesn't even explain why.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting subject, but I think it can delivered in more interactive ways. It fulls of conversation with the same setting. For instance, It will be more interesting if we put in different setting of conversation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This did not grab my attention like I thought it would. I did not finish the course, but the assignments were entirely too pointless for me to take seriously enough to continue. I very much enjoyed the idea of studying positive Psychology, but after a few class I realized it was very much common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good basic course for positive psychology. Really like the panel discussion and the interactive questions. Do find it is a bit too basic for people who are in the psychology field. But recommended for people who want an introduction to positive psychology.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the set up for the course was choppy, with random intervals of questions. could definitely flow betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course, but maybe a little lacking in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Really a good course for people who suffers a lot in modern society. Some ways to cultivate positive emotions on this course really help me a lot. And the most important thing while learning this course is to practicing and applying it into reality, which is really amazing~~The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is really great, but the format was tedious and dull. Ws hard to really get interested in the information in the way that it was presented. Contrast this with the Happiness course for a clue as to how to make the information more interesting and compelling as far as presentation is concerned.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the way this course was presented was quite unique: watching a few people from various walks of life (but most related to the University) discuss various topic and exchange opinion and experiences about positivity.I liked the material provided for meditation about loving kindness and I have been using it on a daily (well 5 days a week) basis.why I gave only 3 stars:the material was overall rather shallow - after reading about positive psychology, I still very little substance it has to offer.in addition. Barbare is not the greatest and most charismatic speaker in the world, although she did surprise me in her TED talk.in general, human emotions are operating on a scale from positive to negative. Positive Psychology takes a one-sided approach by looking only on the plus side. That is about as incomplete as the approach of focusing only on the pathology. To fully grasp a human being, there must be a third way? is it philosophy?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting, the professors are good, they know how and what they have to explain. But the exercises and tests are really easy and do not require lots of knowledge. In fact, seems more like an explanation than a test. So, if you don't practice by yourself you won't learn a thing. Even though Coursera give you an certificate.I would add more and better practical exercises to make this course better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Way too basic.A bit more realistic and complex practice assignments will enrich the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very much interesting and hand on map of yourself or your hobby. it provide you a good and exact command that's required for you to make a good web page. so go for it , professor are very cool.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was a little lost during projects, there no extensive videos for languages but on the other hand there was good materials and refereed links that could help.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very interesting and quite simple to follow!Indicative for beginners!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Words... TOO MANY Words!! Talking talking talking, most if it without valuable content. I got bored listening to the instructors continuously telling us what they were going to tell us, repeating themselves, and then telling us what they told us again and again and again... Also WAY too many UMMMMsss from the instructors.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice introduction to HTML, CSS and JavaScript.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion, this is a decent introductory course but I feel it relies too heavily on the bootstrap framework and not enough basic fundamentals are taught. There is a lot happening within any framework and understanding the how, and why of web design is just as important as getting the final product.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs way bigger scope and a bit more going into details. The Full Stack Web Development course is somewhat like that. Lectures are good and easy to understand, both visuals and speak are nice and clear. Hopefully next one remains great quality but with more content :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a learning course the final project was specification-less. they should ask for something specific and explained well they should test conecpts not asking for whatever idea you have, apply what you learned I think this is an old school method.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not that bad I've might have learned more visiting other MOOC like Openclassrooms where they give us more information about coding. This course is just showing the basic, not as complete as other online course platform where they show you how to insert video, contact form and audio.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Html and CSS were excellent!I'm sure this is a great course for people with some coding background, but as a complete beginner to Javascript and coding, I found it nearly impossible to comprehend the 3rd and 4th weeks because we jumped in to Jquery without first getting to know Javascript.Yes - the quizzes were too easy - I passed all of them even when I wasn't understanding most of the material.I went over to CodeAcademy and Microsoft Virtual Academy to get a better foundation in JS, then came back and was able to understand a bit better. As for me, I am going to spend more time learning and practicing JS/JQ before moving on to the next course in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice introduction to the basics but I found the assignments a little to easy so I didn't feel competent at the end of the course. I thought the instructors gave the information in clear and concise way which made the course quite enjoyableThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is really helpful for whom start develop website, however, question set is too small so student can guess its answer in few trial (I don't like it).At the end, I admire your effort in these series and will keep joining the next course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe the two first modules (html, css) are way too basic to really learn anything. The javascript segment is better because the concepts are explained more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have covered more areas and with more examples for features. Not bad for what it is to serve as guidance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somehow crumpled and not helpfulThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good foundation, but very basic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercises should be more tough so that students can read a lot on the web about different thingsthey could do with Javascript. Hands-on experience should be given to be more interactive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sometimes the teacher only shortly mentions things and then goes on with major exlanations about other things. Which is fine because I assume he will go deeper into the material later on. But when we had to do the final exam (for week 2), they asked questions about "what happens if there are two commands in the brackets" (like this .changeme .changemeagain). The teacher never ever mentioned that the first command is the most important one and the second is a kind of 'fallback', for example. And even if he did mention it, it was only a kind of sidenoteand did not seem that important. So, all in all, I really do like this course, but instructions aren't always super clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course could and should have digs a hole lot deeper into the material, a brief history of the web, the browser, wars standards compliance, I feel, should have been part of this course. Web-standards in general also, html/css/js versions which just have new versions or upcoming versions should have been presented and/or relevant links provided.This course if full of missed opportunities.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher speaks very fast and provides the material not deep!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much time is dedicated to the very basics. It could have been shorter and more concise. I opted out of this course in favour of the one from the Hong Cong University, sorry =)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments were not very challenging nor were the lectures very in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a very basic course to learn a very small things about bootstrap, jquery and HTML, but I think the level is too advanced for non-programming people, it should be better structured.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Use this course to reinforce your front end skills and not to learn for the first time. There's too many gaps in the presented content for a beginner. The video and audio were presented in a professional high quality format that you would expect from a major university. However, the course structure was slightly unorganized and didn't flow as well as other courses of similar content. Sometimes the instructors seemed to be at a loss for words and stumbled along with arms flailing. At 2X speed it's very obvious and entertaining.It was a fair attempt for their first online Coursera Web Development course. Hopefully, University of London will improve with future courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Plus: responsive web programming, notions of bootstrap and jQueryNegative: ultra-beginner level, very low-level basics, not much hands-on use of HTML/CSS/JSThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Light introduction using jQuery and Bootstrap as shortcuts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course have excellent title but not that great contents. It touched html, css, javascript, bootstrap and jquery most of part as just touched. contents are too lessThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course feels too rushed/condensed for someone with no real scripting/coding background. I honestly felt this course wasn't for me because I wasn't learning enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great video instructions. Had some tech issues on my end. Not really a good idea to try this on a chromebook if you are just getting started. If you know the work-arounds to make the assignments with a chromebook it's below your level. Still very much worth the time to watch the videos whether or not you are going to complete the work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Got really bonkers listening to the University of London jingle at the start AND end of each of the 38 video's in this course. The content is just ok.. but not explanation is very high level. It is good for someone who has never had experience with web technologies before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a really a nice course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material and practical ideas for the day-to-day use at work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much reading material and too few videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course , could be made better ! content is good and simple !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have been great to have more examples of the different types of corruption, the analysis to fight it and the solutions behind it. A case-study method I believe is optimal for this subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The tutorials lack in depth explanation of methods work. This is not a university level course. its more like here is how to do it magically. There is no explanation on how the methods work. or how the meteor achieve what it does.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Liked this course, entertaining and challenging. Although Im not sure how useful meteor is in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos are easy to understand and follow, but there's sometimes to little background knowledge about writing good apps, security and good practices. The communication with the server and what would look like the final working product is not explained at all.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit old version of Meteor, but a good course for basics.Saddly this old version and the way we done, gonna be deprecated soon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The production of this course could be much clearer and as such this is a very tedious course. The actual subject matter is good if you have some experience with JavaScript. The video is constantly switching between the professor and the code. As such, you'll find yourself constantly replaying certain parts to see what is typed. In some instances, the code is actually "off-screen". Is there really any value to seeing the professor (rather than just hearing)? The key information is in the code! Either leave the video on the code the entire time and run the audio for the teacher, or, add another window where the live code is visible the entire time. It's important that this is the live code. Simply providing the final product doesn't allow the novice user to see how it is built.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lack of exercises and communication.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very concise contents, and a practical approach to MeteorjsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was only videos and 2 question quizzes until the very end. I was very surprised by the assignment at the end as it was never mentioned in any of the videos. Almost didn't finish it in time because it was due right after Christmas.Would like more hands-on assignments throughout the course instead of one at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Full of great information, but still a bit in "beta" stage. Just like the other courses in this specialization, it has more than a few kinks that still need to be worked out. I would be upset if I had paid for this, but I'm glad to learn about meteor in a free and structured way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course but the final assignment is really tough. Hence, it would be great if more examples were given and the inclusion of an additional assignment at wk 2 would help too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Several papers for the course are behind pay walls. No one seems to monitor the forums on an ongoing basis. As someone new to the field of molecular genetics, I took the course to learn about the seminal work. I found the context and explanations by the professor to be very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good but honours assignments are unclear and no help from mentors in the discussion forums - more time-consuming than they should beThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Can't get score for free!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overall review: I encountered stuff I did not know before. Just a little highbrow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A class on Modern American Poetry and Ezra Pound was only treated secondarily? Crazy!As well, much of my time on recommended reading was spent looking for the poetry. Why are there no links to the poetry we are learning about?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This iteration of the course (August-September 2016) fizzled because so few students were actively participating. Early in the course, I worked diligently on my written contributions to the discussion forums, but then there was so little peer response that I gradually came to understand that I was mostly just talking to myself. Halfway through the course, I gave up on the forums.But I read all the poems, viewed the videos and took the quizzes. The quizzes are lame, the poetry selection is great, and the video lectures are all worthwhile.I had initial misgivings about some of the videos. The improvised round-table discussions of meta-poems by Dickinson, Stevens and Mullen (module 4, lesson 4) initially seemed too colloquial and not incisive, but then I realized they had value as models for how to grope into an initial understanding of a strange poem. The lecture on Hart Crane (module 1, lesson 4) was too difficult for me to follow in real-time spoken form, but then I found I could understand some of it by frequently stopping and starting the video, re-reading the lecture text in transcript, and taking long breaks for careful review of Crane's verse and for research about some of its allusions and associations. That lecture might have made more sense in purely written form, and I wonder if it was so daunting that it scared off some of the students who started the course.As a whole, the course managed a satisfying balance between discussion of the poetry itself and discussion of the social and economic contexts in which the poetry was created and consumed. I especially appreciated the clarity of Karen Ford's many lectures and Tim Newcomb's lively and enthusiastic investigation of the role of little magazines in the 1910s & 1920s.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A pretty good overview of modern poetry. Very high on generalities and low on details - like detailed readings of individual poems.The fact the the majority of the instructors just read their lectures and many of them never look up at the camera at all makes this seem very lazy and impersonal. There's very little of the engagement that would really make this interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Terrific course! terrible translations! everything you need to know starts here and its great, but the quizzes are so awful that I found myself translating it back to English to figure it out what the questions meanThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course for those that are seeking to improve their grammar skills in English, but for me it sounded a little superficial and the peer review system for this course left space for some subjectivity.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general I like the course but I find it a bit boring. I wish it was organized in a more interactive way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
nice course but i was expecting more about actors and futuresThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course. I took it after Functional Programming Principles in Scala. I learned new things....But..... The reason i rate 3 is that:1) Programminng Assignments doesn't realy correspond to the Lecture material.2) The Lecture material becomes very complicated in some Lectures because of Lack of Explanation (e.g: Lec 4.3. There are still many disambiguations of how the Prof. creates some models (again lack of explanation)3) Too many unanswered critical questions remain in the forum!!!Anyway it's worth your time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much of the content is already contained in the courses "Functional Programming Principles in Scala" and "Principles of Reactive Programming". Would be nice to have some new assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good topics, just poorly structured. I found the exercises easier than the previous module, but the lectures were worse. I ended up watching 1 lecture on week 3 and again on week 4 -- none of the other lecture content was relevant to the exercises. Would have loved a decent explanation of a Monad and their usages, but it really felt out of place in this course (no exercises on Monads).After completing the first two courses I don't feel like I would bother with the next ones. The course content is far to academic and I would get far more from a book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was significantly less instructive than the first. Assignments did not lead me as constructively through the material. Also the few videos with the other lecturer in week 4 are very confusing, hard to understand, or even appreciate in light of all the other material. I do not think that I have understood futures and am glad it was not required for the last assignment as the answers aren't present in the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The last week has materials that nothing related to assignment, and it jumps a bit fast where i have no clue at allThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Last week's content was thrown together from various bits & parts from the Functional Reactive Programming in Scala (or whatever the name of the predecessor of this course was).Overall, I felt that there was a lot of ground covered in a short amount of time - the course would have been better if it was longer, and week 4 material would have benefitted from being stretched into two or three weeks. Rather than reuse parts of the old course it would have been better to have new content purpose built for this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have seen reference to the previous second course on the specialization, 'Functional Reactive Programming in Scala', comparatively this one looks much easied down, I am hoping to find the excluded content on the third course. Sessions by Erik surely are a 100% pertinent and consistent within the full syllabus they were conceived for, but inserted here they break a bit the overall discourse, in my view. Got the feeling that the exercises cover only a little part of the theoretical content exposed in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thoroughly enjoyed the lectures by M. Odersky! Unfortunately the lectures on Futures seemed a bit disconnected from the rest of the material...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Meh. Very basic intro; not the more advanced class I anticipated, based on the first in the sequence.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week 3 assigment had little relationship with the material presented in the course. Week 4 needs quite a lot of polish...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
progfun and reactive programming was betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A daily demanding course, which could have benefitted from more time spent in some areas - particular signals. The video explaining a sample Signal implementation was very rushed and provided too little detail on a lot of information that seems to be taken for granted.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fantastic topic on itself, yet delivered in a rushed manner. Programming assignments are of uneven difficulty. The second assignment is all about a testing framework usage, not really aimed towards Functional Design at all. Feels like the material worth 10 weeks was crammed into 4 weeks.You can still learn some important conceptions, so it is not a total waste of your time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting this course to be more challenging than Functional Programming Principles in Scala but found this one easier in the end. The assignments were ok but I felt like they could have been more challenging and also that they should have tested my understanding of the course contents more thoroughly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as good as the first one, esp near the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos were a bit confusing and gave me the impression that it was a patchwork from old lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Asigments are too easy to implementThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learned quite a bit, but course was not as good as the first course of the specialization.Especially the presentations in week 4 are rather messy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos from previuos version of the course Reactive programming in Scala makes this course worse prepared. I had impression that it was made rushed from shredded pieces. Assignements are easier than previousThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was pretty good, but I'm annoyed that I paid for a disjointed collection of videos that were previously available for free. This is just a pared down (worse) version of an older class, "Principles of Reactive Programming", which I started but didn't finish three years ago. The videos and assignments are the same, but some of them have been removed, so there are confusing discontinuities. Some of the videos refer to a "next lecture" or "previous lecture", which isn't included in this class. The last week of the class should have been split across multiple weeks, and I'm disappointed I never got to do an assignment on latency or futures.That being said, I'd still recommend taking any class taught by Odersky, and I learned a fair amount.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
On the positive side: The content was very interesting.On the negative side: The course was not particularly well structured. The last week was quite difficult to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course needs a reboot. Some parts were merged with other and the whole thing lacks continuity. A few examples were poorly chosen. For instance, signals / reactive concepts would be easier to understand in user interfaces or graphics / games.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was quite good but getting less and less useful, too abstract, lacking detail. Examples too academic, needs to be more practical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent course, except in the last week it felt a bit stitched together from parts of a previous course and a new one. The jump in flow seemed abrupt and the relevance of some of the contents (regarding Future's) was not clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topics are great, the material is not really polished: the lectures are from previous courses and they reorganised material without redoing anything, which is needed in several points. Many explanations could be improved greatly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course material looked sometimes recycled and unstructeredThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The old version was more interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has some really good material but the way it has been presented is very disjointed and does not really do the job of properly illustrating Functional Program Design. Although topics such as Signal and FRP are interesting they serve little value in day to day use and assignments focusing on Futures would be far more beneficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Worse than Scala Principles - too chaotic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting more from it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course. Not sure it really covers functional programming design, it feels more of a brief introduction. The material is clearly a cut & paste from a different (and I guess longer) course. There were references to non-existing weeks, and to subjects that were not part of this course. That felt a bit cheap, considering that courses are not really free anymore. Positive experience, but not exceptional.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The main difficulty of the task does not apply to the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as useful as the first course. The part on the futures is not really understandable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The subject is really interesting, and some of the shown approaches really "close to the edge".However, there is too much "cut and paste" from other courses. this makes this one difficult to follow. It has lost "coherence". The cross-references don't make any sense, and the assignments fall too short with regard to the content. I think the remake from the original "Functional Programming ___ in Scala" + "Reactive Programming" has not been as successful as it should. This new format within Coursera (everything shorter, more expensive and with less people involved) is not as good as the original one. Maybe this is the only way they can make enough money to sustain the whole... but the "more idealistic" start was far more pleasant.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Much of the lecture material seemed very chopped-up from previous courses and did not flow well at all. In a couple of cases the assignment had very little relationship with the course material from the same week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course in general is not as good as Martin Odersky's first course, but it still has interesting bits to learn about functional programming.Everything topic feels very disconnected to each other.Lastly, the last part of the course is specially disorganized. I didn't feel like the assignment captured everthing that was taught.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, but a little bit too easy and shallow.The material was reused from other courses without making it all fit together well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you're new to Scala and/or functional programming, then the material covered here will be very valuable.However, I was fairly disappointed. Much of the coursework was pulled from the original "Functional Programming in Scala" course, as well as the "Principles of Reactive Programming" course. Indeed, there are references to material from those courses that are not actually included here, which must be a little confusing for anyone who hasn't taken those courses. The first two assignments came, respectively, from those two courses also.There wasn't as much emphasis on architecting a functional program as I might have expected from the title. Instead, the course focused more on using functional principles when implementing computations. The coverage of functional reactive programming (FRP) was very good, but again, I would have expected more of a 30,000ft overview of how to design an application using FRP.In short, I felt this course to be a little incoherent and disjointed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most of the content was included in Functional Programming in Scala and Reactive Programming Principles in Scala.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an interesting class but the quizzes did not reflect the class material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting material but the instructor was so monotone and spoke so slowly, I had to play the videos at a faster speed to stay awake. I'll bet it came in handy for those whose English was not as fluent, though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great topic, but the course was less interesting and profound than I expected. The professor could be a little more motivating. Worth the time though!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel this course is designed in a way that may be too challenging to those who know nothing about music, sound, or biology. The quizzes dont really match the material covered and some of the questions are too ambiguous. The explanations are a little hard to follow as well. It does cover some interesting information about the relationship of music to speech. However, for someone a little more advanced in music and biology, I was hoping for more to be covered. I would have enjoyed more discussion of the history of modes and tuning systems, including more discussion of the Pythagorean comma (and how adjusted need to be made to intervals, especially in a chorus) and Kepler's work. I also would have enjoyed more discussion of rhythmic entrainment, the social cohesion hypothesis of the evolution of music, the roles music plays in human life, the way that bodies synchronize, and more about the relationship of music to emotional regulation, meaning, and personality. Im sure there is more as well. Giving this course 3 stars is generous in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor is very dry and the matThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did enjoy the course enough to see it through but it could use help on presentation correlation of lessons and testsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The second part of the course is very good. But first part, with introductions and definitions were very "heavy".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Potentially interesting and useful material presented in boring and sometimes unclear manner. Quizzes failed to correlate to the material in the lectures. Got something out of the course but the potential was there for much more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was alright in the sense that it was descriptive, however, the level of critical thinking suggested for the course was not actually indicative of the material presented.A lot of the material presented was great, but when the quiz came around, questions regarding the material were unequal. For example, in one quiz, there was a question about Galileo, but there was no mention of Galileo in the lecture for that week, and, a lot of the PDF'S were repetitive and not diverse in the material being taught.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A five-week class on biological mechanisms of perception of speech and music by humans. The topics include sound signals and sound stimuli and their perception with the human auditory system, differences and likelihood in the perception of vocalization and vocal tones in speech and of music, biological interpretation of scales, and the impact of cultural differences onto music.The course is rather a prolonged description of the research field than a proper part of general education. Its real subject is certain topics in biology, not music. Only a number facts discussed may be of interest for most music student, and these are contained in any decent introductory textbook of music anyhow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material in this course is very interesting, and many of the musical demonstrations are extremely helpful. I am glad I took it. However, much of the most interesting material is poorly explained; I would loved if fewer ideas were covered in more depth. The quizzes were for the most part poorly written, and only somewhat correlated with the presentation of material in the lectures. So there is definitely much room for improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course fills a gap that is rarely taught by explaining biological origins of musical experiences. The material is very easy to follow. I wish there were more practical exercises or home works to play with the concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Im glad I god new knowledge. My view of the course is that Its very theoretical, but not necessary needs to be be. It could benefit with som illustrations for the achy types, since its already around. With some use of either tv-shows or cartoons it can be clear what it means for the types. However this is only my view and to make it even better. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content was slightly repetitive and the information on the Myers-Briggs personality types can be found online. It is such a pity that payment must be made to access the graded coursework, preventing one from completing the course if one chooses not to pay.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lacks the hands on learning experience i was looking for but a great overview.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was interesting and informative course. However, I found difficulty in relating lessons and get true meaning of the courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course touches briefly on all the relevant concepts but it remains at a very introductory level.I would recommend it only for student without any previous exposure to the subjects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too theoretical and too few practical, real life case studies (the main ones are health and domestic worker campaign). This course is more suited for an academic rather than a PR campaigner.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The concepts are very good but very theoretical.More quantitative analysis should be added to prepare students to deal with the real world problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course is very useful, but the video lessons are very very short, no enough examples, forums also need presence of tutor for help .... it would be of better value specially that comes from great professors...i really thank professors for their effortsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough students to give review grading and earn a grade.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A few of the programming projects were a bit tedious. If you're not passionate about games like tic tac toe, it's hard to maintain focus :) I love the teaching however, very well done as usual!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was solid overall but not excellent. I learned the basics of different classes of probabilistic models including Bayesian networks and Markov networks and how to represent them. Prof. Koller is knowledgeable and presented the materially logically. With that said, this course could have been a lot better than it was.The honors programming assignments could have been excellent The material was interesting and dovetailed well with the course content. But the assessment process was very frustrating and led to a lot of wasted time debugging that was geared more to quirks of the grader than to course concepts. Both test cases and feedback on failed submissions were woefully inadequate. Some of the quizzes were also frustrating, featuring what I consider to be "gotcha" questions geared more to creating a grading curve than to measuring understanding of the material.Advice to course staff: (1) Please provide more test cases on coding assignments (2) Please provide better feedback in submission reports (3) Please monitor the discussion boards more actively for unanswered questions (4) If you want to provide an externally linked executable you intend students to run from Matlab, it's not reasonable to give a 32 bit file in 2017 and send us down a rabbit hole where you suggest we build the executable from source, which in turn requires us to build the boost library from source.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an amazing course, and taught by an extremely talented and accomplished professor. I believe it's a must for anyone in AI/ML or Statistical Inference. The problem is that you're essentially on your own the entire course. There isn't any community or TA help to speak off. And the project is done in Matlab, so you end up wrestling with Matlab or Octave instead of actually doing and learning. I still recommend the course, but that's only because the material is so extremely important.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Concepts covered in quiz and assignments are not covered well in the lecture videos, can be much better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The audio is VERY VERY poor.That makes it very hard to understand what Prof Kohler is trying to impart on us..I often lost trackThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found plenty of useful information in this course overall but lectures often spent too much time dwelling on the detail of simpler concepts while more complex areas, and sometimes critical information that was later built upon, were only touched briefly or sometimes skipped entirely. I missed a sense of continuity as we skipped from model to model with a minimum of time spent on how the models complement each other and their relative strengths and weaknesses in application.The way data structures were defined in the code was particularly difficult to deal with. The coding exercises all suffered as a result. It ended up taking way too much time to figure how to decode the data and trace logic around it. This meant that grasping concepts and learning from the questions came in a distant second priority to debugging.Dr Koller mentioned that the material is aimed at postgraduates. I felt that the level of content covered here would just as easily be grasped by most undergraduates in technical disciplines if it had been delivered in a more structured manner with clearer progression across models (conceptually and mathematically) and better code examples. When delivering in this format, allowances need to be made for the facts that tutorial sessions do not exist and the possibilities for informal Q&A are limited so any gaps become very difficult for students to fill in themselves.Despite the above shortcomings I'm glad I did the course and I would still recommend it to someone interested in graphical models as it does cover the basics well enough to make a decent start. I'm not sure whether or not I'd recommend the programming exercises as they are a significant time sink but at the same time, without spending time attacking the programming problems the concepts are not likely to gel based on the video and quizzes alone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very interesting and thought-provoking. I found the introduction to probabilistic graphical models (PGMs) and their properties struck a nice balance between intuition and formalism. The discussions highlighted exciting aspects of their power in simplifying complex problems involving uncertainty. However, I still do not feel I could propose convincing PGMs for real-world problems. There are examples in the course, but they are far removed from being concrete applications. I would have preferred there be an in depth analysis of an application of PGMs in the literature over the lengthy programming assignments. I am an experienced programmer with over 5 years of experience in many languages including MATLAB/Octave and I sometimes found it uninspiring to solve toy problems, not due to the difficulty in using the programming language, but rather because after the assignment had been completed I felt I had not really learnt much more than I would have from just watching the lectures, although, if you are interested in getting experience with MATLAB/Octave, the programming assignments are good practice. I qualify this in stating that I have not yet completed the next two courses on PGMs; this course may present an essential foundation that is necessary for the upcoming courses, and in any case provoked my interest in learning more about themThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course could have been better in my opinion, if we could have exercise that would deal with the concepts in more detail. I felt myself involved deeply in understanding the problem statement, rather than practicing the concepts explained in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Online video is OK. But assignments are not much related to parallel programming specific issues. One case, this is my opinion but it's nice if students learn how scala solves "The dining philosophers" issue.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wrongly assumes that it'll be easier for students to jump from the conventional 'parallel' java paradigms and constructs to parallel streams.Not a good job on explaining why. It'll require from students some efforts to create the right picture in their minds.Exercises are great and partially make up for the above mentioned shortcomings.Some example code is very bad and goes against all the 'good' things being taught by Martin in the first course of the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my view, this course was nowhere near as good as the earlier courses by Prof Odersky. The materials and pacing seemed all over the place - in some cases excessive time was spent going through quite trivial concepts, while elsewhere the course seemed quite rushed when looking at much more complicated ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good, less well polished than Odersky's courses though. Painful exercises with a lot of time spent on understanding the instructions instead of focusing on learning parallelism methods (especially the final assignment). Overall happy to have learnt from this, but clarity of assignments should be improved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course, but far too short. It ends up giving a quick introduction to some of the aspects of parallel programming. I enjoyed the assignments, apart from last one where the difficulty was more about the context of the example than any parallel programming aspects. That example, extended, could be a good capstone project, but I think it was not appropriate as a course assignment. I prefer courses that follow a book, and this course didn't.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Deep lectures, but exercises where more about complex problems than about parallel programingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course. But I have a strong feeling that would be nice to have more focus on the practice. Some lecture not really much with the results of assignments. Good course anyway. PavelThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course if good, but i believe the content should be more didactic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good learning materials, however the assignments are designed for compute science students rather than professional software developers as the most important part of the assignments is not parallel code, but it is algorithms. Yes, there is parallel code in the code of the assignments, but it is mostly written and your task is to implement the algorithm using this existing parallel code, while in my opinion it should be the other way around - you should implement parallel code and algorithms code should be already provided for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Starting place to begin in continuing your horizonsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Course was fine. I would have rated it better if there were more practical examples, advice and real-life situations rather than so much theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a lot of interaction with other classmates. The material was a good refresher. Would have enjoyed more practical applications for homework. I thought there would be a bit more evidence based information as stated. Overall, good for newbies into management and a nice little refresher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit of repetition with module 1 of the Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel content of the presentation need to improve. Second the voice quality also need some improvement it was not clear. It was looking as if some one behind the screen is just reading the slide content. Please elaborate each points mentioned in the slide. In some slides the end content was skipped.Better would be if some person is always present on the screen. It grabs the attention of the listener.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All in all,the idea of the topic is good and informative, however honestly speaking I didnt like teaching method of professors. The video volume was very quite.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough exercises. Better have at least 10 programming exercises for each week. More difficult material = more exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs to cover a bit moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Access to assignments and grades should be given.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It may be the purpose of the course or the specialization, but I've been finding it too easy. I wish it could be more challenging and that it could offer me more opportunities do practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course for beginners in Python language.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
After also learning R from a non-Coursera MOOC, I find this Coursera course clunky and distractingly esoteric. Coursera occasionally crashes when attempting to parse or record the Python code that I've written, when that code runs fine on a regular IDE. This course in particular also includes lots of optional content that is either unnecessary (The Best Taco in the World video, for example) or for which it is unclear how to apply to Python (An interview with the inventor of JQuery, for example). Additionally, the instructor often assigns variable names that don't explain what the variable represents, which makes the videos a bit harder to follow than necessary. Despite all of this, I have learned a lot from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really love the way Dr Chuck is teaching. It is incredibly clear and you never get bored even if each lecture is over 20 minutes long. After each lecture you do feel like you've become an expert in that topic.However, the course is very diluted.... Only 4-5 lectures over 7 weeks is too little content, especially if you are to pay the $79 required for certification. Each week contains a lot of videos that, although being interesting, are not directly relevant to the course. I finished the whole thing in 2 days ^^The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
to simple, not sure enough practice to be good at pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Explanations is pretty well, but it is not so difficulty. So it's good for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments were easy at the beginning but hard at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Way too expensive for its contentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice job ! However some of the important points have been skipped and focus has been limited at times.The best part of the course were the lab assignments.Hope quizzes were better in standard.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
simple and easy for Python beginners, the instructor also has a textbook that could be good instruction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments are very easy, and there aren't easy to follow notes that one can use instead of always having to watch the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somewhat dissapointed that only the built in Datastructures were discussed and done so with too much time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fair course. Severance is a good lecturer but necessary to read all notes and the book chapter in addition to the lecture in order to understand the principles. Learned a lot from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the course should include a little project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course but be aware that this is at a very basic level!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Probably good for anyone coming from a non-programmer background.If you're a programmer, can learn everything in a few hours just by looking at any Python tutorial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The book really gave more details about the individual chapters. Hence it was easy to do the assignments and quizzes without watching the videos.I recommend that specializations should follow this trend, so students who find it difficult to access Internet can use the book as a guide.More examples are needed to understand the concepts especially Tuples and DIctionaryThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hello,The course has been designed in a way which can help a person who doesn't even know Programming. I do appreciate that!But, just one question that I have is, why the deadlines for the Assignments are designed in such a way that Week1 of Introduction Course, and the Advanced (Object Oriented Programming) have the same deadline?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
well, it's the previous part of the Python for everyone. Why did Coursera split it to another course?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good to build python basic data the concept clearThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's better than the first course of the series, but there is room for some more difficult assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent course. Could be put together a lot nicer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting, but the assignments were a bit dull. Learned a bit more about python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course to learn about data structures for beginers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a little bit easy, I guess this course is for the beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More content can be put in.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not enough repetition in the way of homework. Expected a more rigorous course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting and enjoyable; but I was looking for more of a rigorous introduction to Plato. The professor goes to a great deal of effort to make what otherwise might be a dry material engaging; but I sometimes felt like I was watching one of those science programs for children where they sell how great science with fun graphics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor's view of Plato is unique and interesting. I would not recommend this as a first look at the Dialogues, however. Also, it was difficult to see how the lectures connected to the remit of the course, to teach "reason and persuasion", in Plato's view. The course was more of a "modern take on ancient questions".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
no discussion forum and verified certificate, hence the 3 stars only. Prof Adelstein's analogies and video lectures are amazing otherwiseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked better tools to do this type of work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very simple, complete and usefulthanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The answer choices for the quiz are so obvious and can be easily guessed. It can be improved to make the student really think. Also the final quiz is just a repetition of questions we see in the module quiz. It can be different to test the effectiveness of the student.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The language style used in the course makes it a little hard to follow, and I was a bit disappointed with how the whole class was left alone. Some of the materials mentioned in the course were hard or impossible to find. Some of the assignments didn't have a place to submit anything. Also the title of the course looks incorrect " the Humankind's". Despite all of that, I've learned some valuable information. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the pronunciation of the Italian lecturers very difficult to understand at times and I am English, if I hadn't had the transcript I wouldn't have been able to complete this course to the level I like to perform at. Even those had some very unusual sentence constructions! Some of the questions in the quizzes were very badly worded and I had to guess the answers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fascinating knowledge delivered by instructors whose first language is definitely not English and who make it difficult to learn by their bad grammar, pronunciation and overall monotonous tone of speaking. However, the knowledge gained in this course is fascinating and I am thankful to the instructors for attempting to instruct more people in regard to this field and the details of it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hello, as previous ones, this cousrse gives you basic understanding of the field and provide you with some additional materials for learning. It depends on you, whatever you study or don't. Speaking about me I would like to say thanks to the lecturer , althought the I'm not very interesting in any kind of research , thank you for your time and videos. Will review it once again to renew some ideas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Standart indutrie DAW, but not my favorite. Good performance from the teach! I had many issue with pro Tools first, be sure to get a full vertion and an iLok key from avid before enrolling, will save much stress and trouble.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course may be called Pro Tools Basics but this requires also basic audio knowledge. It shouldn't be explaining about microphones and how to connect an XLR cable.Also it was more a course on how to compose electronic music on Pro Tools rather than using Pro Tools for recording and editing. I mean not so many people use Pro Tools for composing. Pro Tools is a global standard for recording, editing, mixing and mastering. I was waiting to learn more things on these topics and not on EDM...P.S.I really like EDM but this shouldn't be the main focus of the course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The class and the content is very good! But the way that the professor teachs is kind of boring for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic. The structure is odd; the last week contains more material than the rest of the course put together.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is good, very basic course giving the overview of the most important subjects in project management. Good as a starting point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative. Good introduction to basics in Project Management. Might have been helpful to have more case studies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have like it if they could provide free graded assessment to non-certificate students; and make option for certificationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not bad, the professor is very comunicative but I expected a bit more of contentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good content but the communication is not so great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher could be more enthusiastic because sometimes it turned boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content was well explained but a bit "light".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overview with key terminology and process information. Good introduction and/or refresher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is quite useful, but they are not provided in an organised way. Sometimes, I got confused because of overlapping materials. However, in general, it's a good course to have an overview and some useful tools of project management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty Simple stuff - but would've been better if there was actually something we worked on in a group, or an actual project to 'plan' or gantt chart to create.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course. It is very simple. It's just exposition and quizzes. Great for beginners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great level of detail and information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Speak too fast and lack of interaction in the first 3 modules.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
No enthusiasm to hold attention but good contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good effort from Prof Stone in providing as much real-life relevance to the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned more about project management from a different course, which was about the Business of Games.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It has a good level, but there is room for improvement. Keep on the good work! Thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion a clear guideline is missing. The terms are not always the same and it's sometimes confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thank you for the lecturer, Rob, to prepare that great course on coursera platform for us to learn those knowledge in effective way. Thank you very much again.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic course that provides basic background information on project management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very little course but gives you a base to understand how project management worksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Missed Agile Framework and other emerging techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was informative and a useful refresher but could have done with more worked examples in the tracking area specifically around value.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, but very very basicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice approach, needed more organized content!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very high level course which will just cover bullet points. Details and elaborated explanation would have been excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course had many information provided and thanks for that. But there are some things I disliked and I guess by fixing them the course would become much much better.1. The information refers to the PMBOK very often. That is good, as the PMBOK worth (must?) reading for any PM, but it is a bit difficult to understand anything while a teacher just retranslates something, from any book — especially not written by the one — with poor examples. The much better way for lecturer is to explain it by oneself, not by just staying there and repeating what I can read from my display.2. I dislike fixating to any software. Maybe Microsoft Project is a good example, but I am sure not the only one at first, and as I am a Mac person who has personal Macbook and Mac Pro at work I am not going to use Windows only for one application. There are plenty of them these days, the same or just similar. The key is not a software itself but the methodology using in the one. The methodology is worth understanding, for sure.3. Grammar mistakes and misprints. It looks a little strange that no one reviewed the materials: neither on Coursera (I am sure it is not so easy to review every course) nor the creators. I am highly puzzled about how it could be possible: if it is a free course for someone there are also many of those who are paying for the courses, and the courses also represent the University. How the University cannot find someone to check the mistakes before publications? (To be precise there are tiny mistakes related to headers and graphics which make the materials looks untidy).4. Materials production is very poor in details, even for the key ones: typography, colours, thickness of the fonts and lines. There are no contrasts, no highlighting — that looks as a draft, not as a final course worth spending the time, effort and money. If there are no people available to help with producing the materials of a good quality you can ask people from trueowl inc. (the website is trueowl.com and the working email is trueowl@trueowl.com) to help with it. They — we, as I am member of the team — are highly concerned about educational materials and motivated to enhance the quality of the materials, even for free of charge.Anyway I am glad I finished this course, as it gave me understanding which way should I continue with diving deeper into the theme.Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Information was good, a bit dry at points and the presenter didn't seem that enthused to be presenting. Overall decent course on an important and relevant topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic, not enough coverage of topics discussed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Important basics for people starting their Project Management endeavour.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too short. It seems that many materials are removed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A simple vision of project management principlesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs to be a bit more complex and detailed in order to help people get a good understanding of the complexities and issues involved in project management. Please use real world PM uses, not going to work..Show examples of project management that went horribly wrong..lots of those examples as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Prof Rob Stone is a very good speaker and has made the videos very informative.The content is very small, which is good because it makes the course very lean, but bad because it merely scratches the surface of project management world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course is relatively short for providing sufficient technology and knowledge to master a new project. It does give an overall concept of project management procedures and skills. Anyway, it is not as valuable as I expected from the beginning. The professor himself is of deep knowledge and proficient experience. I have experienced several projects and find this course not that well match my expectation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clear and easy concepts for project management. I missed some practical exercice to put in practice the knowledge acquired.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well structured and informative. Needs more in depth treatment of each section, additional materials( additional suggested reading would be nice), and more excitement from the professor. ThankThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Several mistakes on the translations of the examsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
useful informations but not very helpful for practical situations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A decent course, perhaps not as interesting as the previous one. But definitely very innovative and informativeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good allround course with both theoretical and practical parts, because you now can buy a rather expansive certificate from taking the course the quizes are no longer available which is a shame.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is quite interesting, but overall not very content heavy. It is a bit too much workshop style and lacking a bit the academic structure and content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content drags and can be boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I love that topic, but I think, the videos are too monotonous. Maybe give it more pop-up quiz to make it betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course material is a bit light, missing useful pieces of information. The example code is functional but not of sufficient standard to pass the documentation exercise. The solutions to the exercise are not covered in the course material. It takes a lot of outside work to get a good mark. Course is good, but the material needs a bit of work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Seemed rushed, concepts not explained fully. videos are too formal, professor not funny and less relaxed than during the first two modules of this specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I do not think some quiz questions are covered in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should be more programing exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somehow this section is bit confusing or rather to say the content is not really enough to work alone. Not even to solve the assignments without example codes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Another good course in the Python Specialisation! You'll need to have a thorough grounding in dictionaries and lists for this module, so make sure you're across the concepts and syntax of those data structures :)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was more difficult then previous course. As for me, it will be better to have more detailed explanation, because I think it was very fluent. Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
toughest of all , very toughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned a few new things on this course. It's not so much about the Python language as about the things you can do with it on-lineThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty good intro into accessing web data. Should be updated to use python 3 in my opinion since this is for new python users. Most of the course is useless to me because python 2 and python 3 are very different with beautiful soup and this and that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, with very introductory information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a little bit too easy for person who had basic knowledgement of pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a nice slow introduction to python web programming for those who have no experience or prior knowledge. Otherwise it is not at all challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not as clear as the previous coursesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its a good course .However i found it difficult since it requires you to understand how the internet and internet application workThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was not that clear should have taught more in detail thank youThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's too easy. I'd have enjoyed more challenching exercises about RESTful APIs, we have not seen any HTTP mehotd a part of GET and that's a shame.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course did give me the the theoretical and syntactical basics in terms of how web programming is done using python. Chuck Severance is brilliant in his ability to explain complex concepts by reasoning via analogy. It would have helped if the problem sets were more challenging and in tune with real world applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not clear examples in the videos. Tests are way different than what the Prof. covers in the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too basic,you need read more online resources to do real projects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are many details don't explain clearly enough for a beginner to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was a bit too shallow for me, the techniques shown are very basic examples of what can be learnt using stock python libraries (json, socket, urllib, ElementTree) or external (BeautifulSoup).I really expected something more, for instance authentication techniques, or methods to parse complex websites, rather or in addition to the basics shown here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maybe it's great for beginner, but the assignment is too easy .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments are very easy, and there aren't easy to follow notes that one can use instead of always having to watch the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All in all, I liked the class. I would like to learn about this topic and the database access using Python, and I still think this is a very good beginning. I like the enthusiasm of the instructor, but I think he short sells many of the things he is teaching. I would also suggest providing more challenging assignments, for instance, as optional ones. These may be such that they require reading the referred text in addition to watching the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is good for those people who has never program in Python. But for experience people there is nothing new in this course.I would really appreciate if1) the target audience is mentioned in a course it would be really helpful2) what a person would achieve after completion of a course .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice but quite simple. And I missed the teaching of good pythonic programming style (something that is more than just script step by step but encapsulate functionality in functions, use advanced programming techniques, test your code and so on).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its informative and easy for beginnersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need to add more examples and contents for this class. Homework is so easyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is good course, but I would like it to be in the more material and details of Python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course sped through the coding portions while spending a lot of time on the theoretical side of how the Internet works. Overall a very helpful overview, but I would have liked to spend more time coding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a fun but some of the assignments required deep thinking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great ideas to improve the technical knowledges to scrapping web dataThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is helpful.But there are not many practice exercises.It's quite easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More material, or coverage of the existing material with more library coverage would have improved the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but I might have used a little more rigor and material, maybe more exercises would have been nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignment Doings felt not that good as the courses before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very very basic course looking forward to advance version of it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wey easy for the person with some python experience but the best part is that takes only hours to complete all assignments and quizesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course had pretty good basic information for people not familiar with programming. I would like to have seen more in-depth tasks or project(s) that would require deeper exercise of the topics covered in class. Each assignment boiled down to parsing a file using specific method (reg ex, Beautiful Soup, XML, or json libraries) to do the same task. Requiring people for instance to build additional data types already taught (lists, dictionaries) would have been at least little more challenging.Overall it is a good basic intro class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course but need to be updated to Python 3.x rulesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures were entertaining, but the assignments were way too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material covered is more complex than the previous courses yet there is much less explanation given. It's still perfectly doable but one ends up feeling like you are missing something.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much unnecessary videos. Content of lectures is poor. Tests are too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is well explained, but there is not much of it... It is very very basic... The tasks, being extremely easy, don't really bring you further in understanding either.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is good but the assignment are too basic. I would appreciate if there could be tougher assignments may be not included in rating.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is beyond abundant in great information. However, there is almost too much information to take in , and absolutely too much information to be able to study in just and hour a day. It needs to be stretched out into 6 weeks instead of 4 to accommodate those with an already busy schedule. For example, one 8 minute video might require an allotment of one hour to properly glean all the provided information. You will need to take notes on almost every word spoken so the pattern will be hit play, pause write out the last couple of sentences (the instructor speaks very quickly), hit play , pause and repeat until the end of the video and then re-watch it in order to absorb everything as one.And beware, in the peer reviews you will need to bullet and highlight EVERY point required extremely specifically in order to get full credit. For example, for the first essay, I wrote it out in ESSAY form as was specified and had all of the required points written out exactly how it was instructed. However, because I did not put into a basic outline form, I received a failed score. I resubmitted the EXACT same content in bullet-ed and highlighted form (which was NOT what was assigned) and miraculously received 100%.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, good introduction to Public Relations!!!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good intro to PR , but course material seemed somewhat redundant and lacked challenge at times. Professor's enthusiasm and passion was contagious and greatly appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought it was going to be an all online digital strategy for pr. It's Ok though. the information is very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of info cramped in long videos makes it confusing sometimesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
most of the contents can be found on the website of raspberry, a quick start for those interested~The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Expected more based on the arduino course. Very lite on materialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While it is a good class, I have a message that one of my assignments is passed by not verified. I have no instructions on how to "verify" it. I'm disappointed something that should be simple is such a roadblock.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very good introductory course. The teacher is excellent as are the video lectures.Unfortunately, the new Coursera rules requiring payment before assessments can be accessed meant that I didn't complete any of the assessments. That will probably be a major disincentive for many learners who want to confirm what they have learned.Also, UCI have elected to disable the discussion forums for this course (although I found they could still be accessed via the Coursera App on my Android phone). I can't help wondering if this was as a result of some of the negative feedback posted on the forums in the earlier courses of this specialisation. If so, this really doesn't reflect well on UCI as a teaching institution!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Is very basic and don't send assignments becose I don't pay the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not actually much useful course, but still provide some interesting informationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not the best one on coursera. Included many details that are not really relevant and quizes just checked if you memorized it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
New technologies are not explained in detail in a layperson's term.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic, if you're not completely unfamiliar to the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very shalow information, I would like if this course had a contination.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have been more interesting if the slides had attractive colours and videos had good animations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lot of emphasis on remembering things rather than understanding how they work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Description could be little more elaborate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but too much data for the modules to fully grasp without a background.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very common RF knowledge and less deeper knowledge than expected. It's an high level introduction but definitely no specialisation.Only the LTE part is much better and in more detail right now.Btw. I don't like presentations with reading only the visible content. We all can read by our self. More spoken details between the lines would be nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Several times I uploaded materialThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Grading rubric is too generic: If peers don't leave feedback then the student is left to draw assumptions from loosely-defined parameters.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Capstone project methodology is a bit disappointing.The previous modules were greatThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would probably make more sense if it was titled "Project Management Capstone Project" or "Project Management Capstone" or similar. Other than that, no complaints, a single peer assessed project to put into practice what you have learned in the other modules of the specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed this course very much. Thank you for offering this course for folks like me who need an introduction to Project Management. Although it was extremely helpful to put my learning into practice and do the work, I found the peer reviews difficult to assess. When reviewing the work of my peers, some of the information did not flow as a project as a whole. For instance, sometimes the WBS did not match with the project activities sequence, but because the rubric/peer review was so broad, as long as the peer put down 10 or more activities, he/she received a perfect score. I do not believe this is an accurate reflection of ones full understanding of project management with the given rubric. I suggest creating a more detailed rubric that helps bring all the information together where those doing the peer review and those creating the documents can see the value of each part of the assignment. The assignment should essentially match the rubric to ensure accuracy of grading.Thank you again for this opportunity to take your course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very instructive and well-paced like the others in the specialization. However the Raspberry PI ecosystem has evolved since the course materials were created. Although it's still possible to follow the videos, I think it would make it easier to update some things a little bit.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well course teaches basics of python but you should always refer to python documentation in order to understand the concepts correctly. To the course staff, please update the slides where Python2 is used to python3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very short overview, well explained but wish there was more depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is indeed a good course, especially because of learning about UNIX and the GPIO pins. I missed reading material, since the videos are too short for learning something in a deep way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good introduction to raspeberry but very few about python programming, expected moreThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Professor Harris does a good job overall, but he does not explain Python syntax in depth. I audited the course and found it quite simple. However, I recommend a paid subscription to get the most out of it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides the right platform to folks who are newbie to python and gives meaningful information for development on Raspberry PiThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little light on content. Expected more interaction with features of the board.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very good explained but it is just an small introduction about how to use the Raspberry Pi in a IoT framework.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content was far too basic in my opinion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mr. Harris is great! A lot of course content could be as a prerequisite. For example, basic control structures of the python could been left out, just having a reference to material describing them. I hope following course will focus more on Raspberry Pi specifics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More matter should be covered in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is too simple and baicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course would have received five stars but there was no discussion forum and the weekly assignments lacked clear explanation. I feel that instructor could have gone a little deeper into the subject matter.However, I liked the laid back instruction style. The assignments were perfect for beginners like me. I'm looking forward to the follow-up course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very well done (3 stars so I know I have completed the lectures but not the work, will change after completing assignments)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the course good overall, but the tempo was a bit slow for me and I thought that the online lectures could have been provided in a shorter period of time. Ideal for a beginner, but I had some previous experience with PFA.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd rather have assignments for which you really need to change/write code, not just run existing one. Otherwise the course by itself is great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not good enough. Only run, run, run, and less participation than courses before. Add some wrong code to correct may be betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought this was a good course. Dr. Chuck goes through an interesting example of going through email data and there is plenty of time to do your own project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very light course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as much practical as the other Python courses provided in this series. The coding assignment is quite easy, since the code has been already written, the ONLY thing you have to do is RUN IT...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected some more coding in the capstone rather than just apply code that has already been writtenThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have been more hands on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, yet more hands on work was expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Capstone was adequate, but I had hope for a bit more of a challenge. The specialization all together helped me get a better grip on Python Basics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You are not actually writing any code for this particular course. The assignments are just taking screenshots of running code that is already provided to you in the code repository for this course. The lectures are great, there is a lot to learn from them but the assignments are a total bust. Not worth it for the money, but go for it if you want to complete the entire specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Capstone was great, although I would have learnt stuff better if there was a small battle from the deadlines and the curriculum in particular. This was a fun specialization and am looking forward to graduate soon! Thanks Dr. Chuck :)Cheers!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really didn't learn much. Too much code, too complex, too fast.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am not sure if it was ever stated that there would be no coding, but there wasn't any. In any case, thanks Dr Chuck! :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were a number of different instructors and it was great to have a taste of varying topics from them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too complicated for those who are new to philosophy. The basic concepts not very clearly explained. It seems that teachers had the assumption that students already had some previous knowledge of philosophy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course teach you how important is to have philosophical mind.The overview of what philosophy is in the first lecture is awesome. In further lectures they go into tools of philosophy and major questions and arguments for them.But you have to read the hand outs and have to work yourself through the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some brilliant videos, but some leave much to be desired. Nice introduction but don't get too hung up on it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course. However, I would expect more coherence between the different modules discussed. In its current structure, the course represents a glance at an arbitrary selection of several topics (unrelated to e, existing in today's philosophy, rather than a coherent introduction into the broad discipline of philosophy. However, this may be just a matter of approach - this approach is also perfectly valid.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An interesting overview, but I wish it had been a bit more rigorous.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I almost gave this two stars, but the content of the course is excellent, and I didn't want to take away from that. To start off, for an introductory class, this covers a large amount and variety of material. It might be better served to break it up into even smaller sections over the course of something like ten weeks or even twelve instead of cramming it all into seven weeks.The lectures are enjoyable, but often they consist of nothing but the professor speaking. There are so many new terms, definitions, and ideas being introduced that it would help if these lectures also included slides or graphs with some of these ideas being broken down, as you would have in a regular class on a projector or on a chalkboard.Frequently, the practice quizzes are just the same questions from the video lectures repeated over again, and offer very little prep for the actual quizzes, which are painfully pedantic for a non-credit course. Every section has a different style of quiz, which is hard to prepare for. I am someone who usually tests well and have been struggling with most of these, even when I read all of the handouts and take notes.So, if this same course could be broken up over a slightly longer time and the quizzes could be more uniform, the lectures contained some slides, the course would be a brilliant introduction to philosophy overall. It's got all of the meat there, the presentation just makes it tough to digest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was interesting but overall very wide and didn't make a clear point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have a mixed feeling about it. Sometimes I felt, this course was trying to deliver more content in short time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The classes were pretty good, but the bibliography was not. The bibliography consists of encyclopedia's articles which are not necessarily written to a beginner. It is quite discouraging for someone starting with philosophy to read articles which lacks a pedagogic approach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good to follow by the subsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course does not have much videos and some of the lecturers (especailly week 5) talk TOO FAST. The subject is abstract and hard enough and talking too fast makes it harder.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting and its staff makes a great team, but I think as an introduction course, it should focus on the History of Philosophy, without entering into very specific fields of Modern Philosophy. The fundamental notions of Philosophy should be available for learners, as well as the great Philosophers from Ancient Greece to the Twentieth Century.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the course a little hard to follow mainly because the video lectures would not load. I found I spent more time trying to get the course material working than actually absorbing it.I really liked the lectures once they were working though. Its a very nice introduction to a way of thinking and the examples used to argument the theories were very entertaining.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content is very superficial. The pass mark is very high for a course I had taken because of a mild interest. You have to get 80% to pass. One unit in particular was very confusing. It took me 7 attempts to pass it as I had no idea what the first question was about and there was no guidance as to what I was doing wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The way of presenting topics of philosophy is refreshing and inviting for further reflection. The tests however are focusing on nitty gritty differences or features in the presented videos. Less motivating to submit the tests and invites me to focus only on the preseed video and excellent links to other extra sources.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well. It really covers the basic and foundation of Philosophy. I myself, love quotes about life and all. As such, when it comes deep down to these, I didn't really enjoyed the course as much as I thought I'd. Nevertheless, this is a decent introductory course if you are looking to know a slice of Philosophy. Do take note that a lot of reference with regards to the past philosophers are introduced as well. You are basically fed with all their beliefs. But do take them as a pinch of salt. What matters the most are your thoughts and views. Keep them open!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very entertaining broad introduction to the topic of philosophy in general. The lecturers are very knowledgeable and are very good teachers. However, I wish there would be a more detailed treatment of the topics in question. I look forward to their future course on Philosophy of Science, as I believe that by focusing on a more narrow topic, they will be able to go a bit more in depth.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting, the professors are good, they know how and what they have to explain. But the exercises and tests are really easy and do not require lots of knowledge. In fact, seems more like an explanation than a test. So, if you don't practice by yourself you won't learn a thing. Even though Coursera give you an certificate.I would add more and better practical exercises to make this course better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you do not know Bootstrap, JQuery, javascript .... you will get lost after two weeks and from the feedback, it can be clear seen.The course needs to be re-structured.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed this course, but I was lost by the end. I understood the concepts presented in the videos (and got a high grade in the end), but the JavaScript needed for the last assignment was way over my head. I wish there had been more practice with actually using JavaScript; as it is I think I'll need to take another course or do independent study to learn what I should have learned to complete the last assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice but lacking. Would like it to cover more content, specially around handlebars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professors need to go into more detail with JavaScript. Our assignment required the use of JavaScript but it didn't fully explain how to use the code that was shared during our class. I enjoyed the class very much and I loved the challenge of figuring out how to complete the assignments. The best part of the assignments consisted of being able to view classmates submissions and learn from them by reviewing the code techniques that they used.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite easy but I learned a few things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is useful. I've learned many things but in the last week the lectures seemed very rushed. There was many coding that was poorly explained or not explained at all. It started good but ended poorly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Information provided are good. All in this course is about theoretic knowledge. One who completes the course has to remember each points when designing a website and also implementing. Further improvements required in this course to make sure more knowledge when taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did learn some new things, but there were times that I wasn't sure about the focus of the course:some of the questions are on the spectrum of too tricky-unclear, there were too many "find my error in the code" issues.Plus, the last project (gallery) - which has many good features and ideas, does not seem completely finished from a UX point of view.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a bit hard to follow the instructions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was a little confused because for having a focus on "Science and Philosophy", it seemed to me to mostly talk about science and religion through a philosophical lens. The last module was very scattered and hard to follow. Other than that, very interesting, well-presented material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week 1 of the course seemed very interesting. A lot of interesting questions were raised - enough to lead me to view the course in a rather positive light. As I progressed through the course however, I noticed that some rather contentious claims were made to seem to have more credibility than they in fact do. Take for example something that was said in week 4, lesson 3. It was insinuated that Lamarckism plays a significant role in evolutionary biology, something that is widely questioned by eminent specialists in evolutionary biology (for ex. Jerry Coyne).Furthermore, it sometimes seemed that rather than presenting the facts for the learners to judge, the lecturers were presenting their own views (this was especially the case in week 4).This course is being funded by Templeton Foundation, an organization that promotes religious apologetics. It seems that rather than presenting facts as they are, the course is disseminating material deeply influenced by a religious agenda.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
2 weeks were balanced and thought-provoking and one was silly, but entertaining... therefore three starts with 2 stars taken out for ending a good course with a week of silliness.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gives an general theoretical overview about nutrition, but not goes further into details or practical example.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good, but not enough ..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fairly good. Fundamental knowledge for researcher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very good course, but I never recieved the feedback I needed on the forumThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
mechanically it worked pretty well. just a little hard to figger out what's going on and what's important. what needs to be memorized and what just needs to be understood . . .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just three stars so far, I've just started the course late... I think it looks good tho.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The actual educational value of this course is quite high. The score I can offer it in good faith is dragged down by the additional "assignments" like "Write you own quiz question!" and the expectation to review the quiz questions thought up by other students. Such things in a scientific course are unnecessary and may actually be counterproductive because of the reliance upon other students and their grasp of the material. If they are to remain part of this course, they really should be treated as supplementary and not required to complete the course. It really detracts from the experience for those of us who come here to learn and not to socialize.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the course interesting, however I had trouble finding all of the written materials to read. Some were available online, but none were in our library system. I think it would be better if more of the reading was available to people. I also thought that the final assignment instructions were a bit confusing. As it is I never did get to upload the photographs for the final prompt. I asked for help on the forum, but no one responded.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i enjoyed the interviews -- hearing and seeing many different artists using the same medium in very different waysThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice, but I expected more (or something else).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teaches the history well, but doesn't focus much on helping to improve.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have, if possible, not rated this course. I was not interested in the work of the more recent photographers/photo manipulators. This is a course for the art crowd, not for those interested in the history of photography.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was short and interesting... and that is good. In the first week the readings were overwhelming and I was disappointed - but the other 5 weeks had short videos of interviews with photographers to go along with the concepts presented. Some of the quiz questions were looking for details that I felt were not important for the learner. Final assignment was good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This Course is very interesting because it covers the work from iconic photographers since its invention in 1839 to these days. The "but" I found is : first, the required readings are very extensive, and second , the questions for the quizes are most of them too much specific, and there are so many photographers names that it is quite a challenge to have more than five questions right. Otherwise, it is a captivating MOOC, designed more for Photographers than lay public.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was an informative class. As a "newbie" to the Coursera community, I wanted to take a course that would expand my knowledge of art and culture while fitting within my hectic work and family schedule. Photography is something I engage in almost daily with my iPhone, so I took a chance and was not disappointed. Sarah Meister has curated a wonderful assortment of photographer artists that typify the historical and aesthetic advances in photography. The articles, videos, and slideshows were well constructed around the theme of each module. The articles would benefit from including some of the images discussed. This was not a major problem as I was able to Google most of them. The videos were interesting and of sufficient length not to strain my attention. The slideshows were my favored documents due to the inclusion of images and explanatory text. I did find it frustrating that some of the answers to the quiz assignments could not be found in the required reading, videos, or slideshows. As an educator, I can certainly understand wanting students to think critically but some of the questions were misleading, unanswerable based on the content, or appeared unrelated. Many of the items did not assess my understanding of the information so much as how closely I read for specific quotes or other esoteric content. This is further evidenced by the posts in the forums requesting guidance about certain items. Overall, the course is worth the effort and time if you are interested in the history of photography and its most notable practitioners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed listening to the lectures. The instructors are very knowledgeable and explain topics well. The assignments are in line with the course material. This course encouraged me to think critically about mental health, specifically major depression from a public health perspective. The reason why I gave it 3 stars is because I didn't find that there was much discussion on the discussion board. Each student just answered the question proposed by the instructor and that was it. There wasn't much discussion back and forth among the students. Also, I think the lectures are from 2013 so I am wondering if this course is being updated and covering the most current research in public health?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The second week, by Wietse Tol, is simply brilliant. I learned a lot about the etic and emic perspective on depression, and his insights about sociocultural factors are amazing. On the other hand, the last two weeks are boring and dull: they take the typical psychiatric bias and simply ignore any research compromising their orthodoxy (for example, Kirsch's studies). It would be interesting to include, as well, critiques to the concept of depression as well: there are transdiagnostic approaches expanding quite quickly, besides classical critiques of DSM categories. Overall, I would focus on the first three weeks and ignore the rest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While Professor Kaul's enthusiasm and passion for finance is inspiring, his lectures are not entirely helpful come time to face assignments. He often rambles through the material, spending more time talking about his life rather than the material at hand. When he decides to finally talk about the material, it presented in a disorganized and confusing fashion. If he developed a disciplined schedule with material that was on par with the assignments, this course would not have been nearly as frustrating; challenging assignments, I agree, are crucial for learning the material well. I just wish I didn't have to spend more time browsing the internet finding material pertinent to answering his arbitrarily open-ended questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good quick introduction. Very good. Easy to work through the Exercise Sets. Professor typing on he keyboard quite loud.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As per Oxford Dictionary:concise / adjectivegiving a lot of information clearly and in a few words; brief but comprehensiveThis course: really brief; not that clear nor well-structured; not nearly comprehensive.Is it at all possible to be both brief and comprehensive when teaching programming?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Definitely a "concise introduction". I felt like the course was a little too easy and didn't provide much meat to the material. A good start for an inexperienced programmer, but too remedial for experienced programmers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was pretty okay, I'd say. I did learn several new things and consider myself "introduced" to the world of python. Unfortunately, as a BRAND NEW programmer, it was, at times hard to keep up. There were a number of elements that weren't sufficiently explained during the lessons/assignments (presumably because we 'should' have a basic understanding of coding already...I guess?). If this is the case, some outside study/background research may be necessary, at times. The instructor was actually relatively helpful, though the forum format makes for lag in help time, meaning you could be stuck on a problem or with a question for a while (again...outside study/research required). Overall, as I said, I learned things- yay! This course is for the very patient, however, and may likely by too simplistic for those with programming experience, too difficult for those who have never coded or maybe just right for some lucky few.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A quick introduction, just what I was looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a good course, especially as an introduction to Python 3biggest drawback: assignment autograding - if something fails, you do not know what fails, only that it fails (no info about test cases and results; negligible feedback from TAs)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments are not very relevant to what is being taught. Java 7 instead of Java 8 makes things too verbose. Lenskit is painful to use and in the week 4 Honors assignment its just impossible to get the results desired by the grader. I would suggest the Teaching team to use R/python scikit instead of JavaThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Generally I like the contents of this course. I particularly like that insights are provided in terms of what aspects to consider when designing a recommender system; pros and cons of different approaches. However I'm also extremely bored watching the videos because looking at the lectures reading the scripts (most of the time with very slow speed) is one of the quickest way to send people to sleep. I'd hope the lectures will improve their presenting skills.Another comment is the honours track assignments should really be put into more thoughts. I passed them with 100% credit, but I didn't feel I gained a lot useful knowledge through this exercise. Generally it felt to me that the complexity of the implementation is much much more than needed in relation to the complexity of the problems. Eventually this assignment became grinding with Java's verbose, annoying syntax and unnecessary computations designed in lab instruction. For example, in the first programming assignment, why if the ModelProvider object already computed the entire map of ratings, and the map is directly needed in the Recommender object, the Model object only provide API to retrieve individual rating but not the entire map?! Isn't it a wasteful computation to reconstruct the rating map? So I doubt the structural design of the program is sensible, or the expected solution would actually be done in real applications. Also I think Java is just a really out-dated, bulky language to work with in this kind of task. It really makes the assignment experience awful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros:Some useful terminology if you want to ever communicate with someone who does recommender systems.Cons:Very diluted content.Mostly large text slides with the presenter talking in a monotone voice.Programming exercises are done in Java and require deploying an IDE + an unused open source project developed by the authors. Hint to the authors: use Python, R or Octave like everyone does.Some of the questionaries are ambiguous.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ok, it's an introduction, but it could at least show us some math or pseudocodes. A part from that, the course is really awesome. Well structured classes, good explanations and incredible interviewsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As an introductory course, the content was good. But I wish the approach was more analytical and more hands on. Rather than history of Recommender systems & what happened in the 90s, I would have been happier if the course was able to throw light on the latest stuff in this field, the latest mathematical techniques etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected a lot from this course but it could have been a lot better - lengthy videos, not trying to explain the concepts in an understandable ways. Ended up confusing with various interviews and what are differences between various content based recommenders. The programming exercises were good and provided a good overview.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd rather have assignments for which you really need to change/write code, not just run existing one. Otherwise the course by itself is great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not good enough. Only run, run, run, and less participation than courses before. Add some wrong code to correct may be betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought this was a good course. Dr. Chuck goes through an interesting example of going through email data and there is plenty of time to do your own project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very light course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not as much practical as the other Python courses provided in this series. The coding assignment is quite easy, since the code has been already written, the ONLY thing you have to do is RUN IT...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I expected some more coding in the capstone rather than just apply code that has already been writtenThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have been more hands on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, yet more hands on work was expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Capstone was adequate, but I had hope for a bit more of a challenge. The specialization all together helped me get a better grip on Python Basics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You are not actually writing any code for this particular course. The assignments are just taking screenshots of running code that is already provided to you in the code repository for this course. The lectures are great, there is a lot to learn from them but the assignments are a total bust. Not worth it for the money, but go for it if you want to complete the entire specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Capstone was great, although I would have learnt stuff better if there was a small battle from the deadlines and the curriculum in particular. This was a fun specialization and am looking forward to graduate soon! Thanks Dr. Chuck :)Cheers!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really didn't learn much. Too much code, too complex, too fast.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am not sure if it was ever stated that there would be no coding, but there wasn't any. In any case, thanks Dr Chuck! :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments had a lot of ambiguity. The course content was wonderful. It would have been nice if 3d computation problems were involved. Week 4 was really interesting !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
can be much better with little bit of more explanations and more relevant resources for helpThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much content covered in course, especially compared to Aerial Robotics. No real great sense of achievement on completion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is ok, it touches on some interesting topics and it serves its purpose as an introductory course. Unfortunately more interesting topics are only briefly mentioned at the end of the last video. I also think the assignments can be improved, some assignments lack documentation, one of them had a coordinate system swapped from what was shown on screen and the evaluation of some assignments are quite tight, even if you have it working, unless you deliver exactly as it is expected you will fail, not to mention what is expected is sometimes blurry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only for introduction, more materials shoulb be supplied.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course! but there was too little content!!!! Double it !! Or double the coursework! make us do more work! Also, tell people to use 'parfor' to speed up the computations.Otherwise, great course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
First course of this specialization was really GREAT, byt this course disappoints.Of course, there are some interesting topics, but the form of the course is way lazier. Videos are short, there is small amount of additional materials,The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good introduction course for motion planning. Could be better if there is more interactions with the TAs. Also the matlab assignments have some minor mistakes which takes time to figure it out.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting material, but also very light instruction. Requires some MATlab intuition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures were good, but many assignments had errors (graders, errors in code)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materials are not deep enough. And the programming assignments are just so-so.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first two assignments certainly tested knowledge of the subject however the last two assignmnets were lacking. Good course that does what it is supposed to do. More feedback from test cases would be very helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall decent course.This course focused less on the theory aspects in the course videos, which bothered me a lot considering I am paying for it. But the explanations were still good for those algorithms.The assignments were good as well. I liked how they made us work on them instead of the first course where we were mostly tuning parameters. Hopefully MOOCs start having challenging assignments too.The instructor explained really well too!I didn't really end up visiting the Discussion Forums for this course at all. So can't comment on the participation from other students or TAs.Future Advice -Considering how other courses offer about 1-2 hours of course videos, I think this course could offer a lot more. One assignment problem focusing on one algorithm, while having other challenging algorithms taught in those videos to be left for our own implementation would help students a lot more i believe.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most of the homework assignments aren't graded correctly out of the box and have errors. Also, only specific solutions are selected. Otherwise it's great material at a good pace.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course but programming assignments in MATLAB had too many issues.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think there is need to provide clearer instructions on how to get the programming assignments done. The course content is good, but doing the programming assignments needs to be more clarified.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In comparison to the first course this one lacks a lot of organization and debugging before sending it to the publicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is interesting, however there is not enough information provided by the course to effectively implement the algorithms in the allotted time of each week's assignments. It relies on deferring to external reading materials as primary sources, and these resources were not specified in advance to secure copies in a timely manner.Additionally, there is a big disconnect between the knowledge provided by the weekly material and what is required to easily do the programming assignments in the suggested time of 3 hours.Overall the course material needs to provide more background material to be more effective in delivering the knowledge expected each week. This may be an artifact of trying to cram what other online course provide in 7-10 weeks down into 4 weeks. If the intention is to give a "flavor" in 4 weeks, then the material needs to be distilled down into more of a cookbook format.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course covers interesting subject areas, I feel like the various topics should have been explored to a greater depth. I understand that someone with lesser background in the relevant areas might not agree with me. But overall, I felt slightly underwhelmed by the course.Also, the skeleton of code provided for the assignments had minor errors and the instructions for assignments were sometimes ambiguous or even incorrect as compared to what was actually required of the code. But these minor issues will most likely get resolved in subsequent offerings of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that the theory was very poor in sense of the videos were very short and with little content. The topics that we've seen were difficult to learn by itself, and a better explanation could be very useful in practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Feedback is useless, but content is fine.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not quite what I expected. More on the role of the interviewer than the actual design of questionnaires.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should be more than just lectures. I find the overall content to be very exciting but at times the lectures get a little boring and monotonous maybe.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a lot of self-teaching with these courses because there are no professors present to reach out to with questions. In addition, the course staff do not always respond promptly nor are they fully knowledgeable about all aspects of error messages that may arise out of coding. At times the code that were provided in the lecture videos were out of date and a lot of time was spent on googling to find the updated code. This is definitely not a beginner coder course and I do not recommend it to anyone who has not coded before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much theory and projects didn't related with real life problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really loved the dense collection of relevant information, this course is a great introduction to computer vision-related algorithms.Unfortunately the lecture videos are poorly edited and subtitles are inaccurate, however the slides are quite good and verbose enough to understand every topic.Assignments are quite good, however formula derivation explanations could be better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a very good overall description of the Perception field. The part I really liked is that there was no haste or a concept just superficially discussed - lectures are long and detailed. The presentation of lectures especially from Prof. Jianbo Shi are excellent - to represent Matrices in colours and give a intuitive sense of every formula(especially the Jacobians and treating the image blending process as painting) .The bad part of this course is that pronunciations of faculties could be a little unclear and hence a very good transcript is required - which in this course is not upto the mark. There were few mistakes on the slides and should be rectified atleast in the pdf of the slides. What this means is that we have to go through some frustration while watching the video first time which gradually improves on second or third view. Also, there is absolutely no participation of teaching staff. A good content should be supplemented with assistance to further enhance learning experience. Few doubts because of this remains unclear and I wish I could have got this sorted in this class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I dont like how this course was presented. The professors are good but the way how they present the course is extremely inefficient. I mean, because the instructor only speaks moving hands from one side to other, it was very difficult to visualize what and where the instructor was referencing to. Eg. a figure with 3 formulas and many variables there was no way to know in what alpha variable in formulas the instructor was talking about, once all formulas had the alpha variable. Also, when trying to describe a 3D environment only moving hands, its quite impossible to determine what and where the instructor is. One suggestion to try to minimize this problem would be try to use a lase pointer or a stick or a pen or something similar to help the student to now where the instructor exactly is. One example of good presentation is the course of ML from Andrew Ng where he writes all the things while speaking which facilitates the student to follow the sequence. Hope this can help.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are so long in time and not very clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lessons and videos are very long for one week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting topics, but not taught in the most interesting way. The professor answered in his lecture videos some of my basic questions about advertising, but I don't think that he made the class very exciting and I didn't feel motivated to seek out outside material. I'm glad I took this course, but I don't think that I would recommend it to many other people.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was some nice content, but not practical enooughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Should include recent material. A reference book from 2001 is very out of date, especially in the software world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More assignments would help reinforce learningThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had difficultly with the two assignments, not because they were difficult but because the instructions were not clear. From reviewing other's assignments, it did not appear to be just me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Important topic to cover....Nice courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has contents that are repeated multiple times throughout the course. I think entire course could have been covered in a week or at most two weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting material, but wasn't necessarily of the same depth of knowledge like previous courses in the seriesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
That's the best course of the entire specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a well structured course. Also, not very motivating to go through this one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Has interesting ideas and approach to forming a structure way of analysing a problem. The module does feel a little thin in content, and perhaps should be combined with Exploratory Analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
content is not enough for one class. should be only one to two videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content is okay - there was some repetition of topics throughout the weeks. As the other first courses in the specialization, students would benefit tremendously if the instructors were a bit more active - the course feels out of date and abandoned.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Why is this its own class? Seems like it could have been covered in a week somewhere else.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too expensive for the material it provides; it is helpful and necessary but this course can be summarised in 1-2 lectures. There is a very good lecture from an external speaker,which was very good and funny (at least i found it funny) and i didn't realise that it was 30 mins long.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was good. I enjoyed it. The biggest problem was the un-moderated participation of at least one other student. This particular student drove the discussion of assignments, leaving little room for others to explore, ask, and answer questions. As far as I know the student was not a mentor/TA, but It would have been most helpful for staff to weigh in on some of the student's post. I really believe the student was feeding his/her ego.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is generall very good and lots of fun!2 things i would change:... the Assignment 1 is too early in the course or the Lectures are disordered, but I needed the second and third week material to do the first weeks assignment.... Add Jupyter Notebooks in the Specialization in addition to Knit-RThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is good but the contents have a lot of overlap. The instructors are definitely knowledgeble about the material and clear about the presentation but a lot of the same matierial are repeated throughout the course unintentionally. Think the insturctors just thought it was enough to throw a bunch of things together and called it the day.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's, for sure, a necessary content but don't feel like something that deserves to be on this specialization. Content is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Week1 can be explained better. First assignment i was clueleass on Kintr and how to generate report.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first week assignment should really be the second week assignment since all the lessons about knitr would have made the assignment much easier.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To be honest, I couldn't realize why this had to be an entire seminar on its own. Apart from that, in some videos the audio quality was rather poor and the instructor seemed to have caught some cold or something. Although the topic of the course is interesting and significant, I think that do far it is the least engaging of the specialization...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the videos has low quality, which make them harder to understand for non native speakers. In my opinion there is also too less tips for second assessment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall a good course for self-study. The assignments in particular are excellent for data cleaning, analysis and interpretation. The quizzes are very basic though and appear to be there only to check if the student has gone through the lectures. The knowledge needed to answer the quizzes and achieve the desired results in the assignments are vastly different and should be addressed.The case studies at the end are insightful and more use could be made of them in a more advanced course. There is a lot of repetition of concepts throughout the course and this can become distracting. THe format for the lecture videos varies throughout and this inconsistency (along with extreme audio volume changes) also becomes distracting.Other than that, excellent for driving the need for reproducible research (RR) home, presenting and explaining some tools available to achieve RR and ways of publishing results/reports from these studies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some parts were very useful. Some parts looked useful, but when I tried it in practice, it was almost impossible to do for me. The course wants to make you behave like a machine, for a part of your job. So you have more room in your head to behave the way you want to. But behaving like a machine, I tried, but I can not. Still there are very usefull parts in this course. I did about 4/5 of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very minimal presentation of many concepts!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not deeply explained not for beginneer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
need more lectures. there are complicated topics with weak background for the students.except that it is a great course. thanks..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very useful and interesting, but the materials of week 2 & 4 is enough for their quizs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course contents are very short and to the point. I thought weeks on Gaussian Model Learning and Robot Mapping were neat. But the other two weeks on Kalman filter and Particle Localization were little disappointing. They could have discussed both these topics properly by investing more time. Couple of Assignments are tough and there will be very little help to complete it but nevertheless it will keep you interested in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Poor structuring of assignments. Unclear objectives and wrong input data.Course Content was good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Who teaching us is a student, and the assignment is not in detail as other classThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course, but need to pay for testsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Was expecting more videos than readings.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have done the first 2 parts and I am half way through the 3rd and I am finding some of the information to be inaccurate. According to the NHS in the UK condom failure rate is 2%, not 15% as stated in this course. It also seems to put a bit too much emphasis on Abstinence. I would recommend every one taking this course to do some further research into contraception and find out more accurate information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures should be longer and more detailed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very helpful for those who have very limited time on their hand. I wish videos were longer since I prefer to listen more than to read. You need some background on the reproductive system in order to fully understand it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's nice course but a little bit boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well I liked the course untile the last assignment. It says you need 3 hours for this assignment but I could finish it after two days (and I am good in programming). The last assignment is not really well designed specially the trajectory part. The rest of the course was good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
would of liked to see more programming examples in the lectures. But all in all, fun course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course, and you get an overview of a lot of interesting topics. However, as you advance further in the course, some of the math begins to lose consistency, while some of it just gets skipped.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative, but the coding elements can be somewhat difficult mainly because there's not many specific examples provided. It is still a very enlightening course. PS You definitely need to at the very least be very familiar with Differential Equations to take this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had problems with lots of small inconsistencies in notations...I prefer courses which are mathematically more precise, and develop the material more systematically.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is definitely has some value. At least it helps to feel the taste of quadrotor control. But there are some cons. 4 weeks is too short, and this entails fragmentation of course materials. A lot of reasonable questions are not answered and even not mentioned: we use Euler's angles, which lead to singularities and ambiguities, there are quaternions, but we'll not use it. Why? - no answer. PD gains tuning is manual. Is there any robust methods to build controls automatically? - no answer. And so on and so forth. And the last... lections are really boring, lector monotonically reads text, nevermind what - matrices, formulas, etc. He reads all of it in completely, with the same manner, without any interactivities with the slides. Actually it is realy demotivates. I guess one of students that made supplementary materials with marker will do much much better.Anyway, thanks for the course. I believe that highly motivated learner can get something new from it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a beginner course. You need an engineering background to know how to interpret the equations enough to finish the coding assignments in Matlab. Some of the equations presented don't have enough explanation behind them for them to seem in context or to give any idea about how they can be applied.I have a background in electrical engineering, and I studied control systems in undergrad, so I was able to get by. If you can't manage through this course, don't feel like you aren't smart enough to complete it; rather, you just don't have the proper pre-requisites.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not for those with no background in advanced engineering math. Expect to pick up independently most of the things that are being taught.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course provides a good insight into the world of Aerial Robotics and the dynamics involved in controlling the quad-rotors. Were the course fails is it does not explain the basics , there is more focus on trial and error and the questions are not formulated correctly such that they are simple to understand. It could have been better if the Introductory course to the specialization had little mathematical involved or could have been explained in simpler terms or with examples instead of showing the equation in the video.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course covered very interesting topics, but it would have preferred more detailed explanation of PD controllers and especially how to choose the tuning constants.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
At the end I do not feel that I have learned something.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some topics were explained in a shallow manner. I suggest providing detailed lecture notes besides the videos for students trying to understand math and physics behind the concepts introduced in videosThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think there is need to provide clearer instructions on how to get the programming assignments done. The course content is good, but doing the programming assignments needs to be more clarified.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course and the lessons are really interesting and the professor is explaining really well. Especially nice are all the videos demonstrating what have been done so far.Problem are the assignments:-all the assignments are about controlling a quadrotor, but a matlab code 95% done is already provided and most of the times the only thing requested is to spend days in find (randomly) the correct values for the controller gains;-the last assignment is again partly about (randomly) looking for gain values and partly about generating a trajectory as a piecewise 7th order polynomial, where the method for creating such thing is only mentioned in the assignment pdf and with wrong conditions. Even with the correct conditions, with a previous knowledge of numerical methods you can go through it, but otherwise it takes quite some time;-the grade is not set properly.. you either take 0points or the maximum, meaning that for just passing the assignment you have the same difficulty as getting full marks.. if you arrive (after days of trial and error) to the point of passing the assignment, then you can easily get full grade with small changes.. which makes no sense;-the explanatory pdf for the assignments or the provided codes some times contain errors, and I don't understand why they are not fixed considering that this course is already the second time that was provided;-the assignments are fully based on matlab and to actually understand something it is required quite a deep knowledge of how to use it.. I work daily with matlab and had some difficulties in following what it is done. If somebody is new to matlab, it will be quite difficult to do even the easier tasks;-the evaluation function for the last assignment is extremely slow.. it took me 40minutes to evaluate the results.. and considering the many iterations usually required for (randomly) finding the gains this really doesn't help.Summarising I am quite happy about this course and glad to have done it, but please fix the many problems in the assignments. I have taken many courses online in different platforms and this was so far the most time consuming one..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting and entertaining at times, though seems relatively undercooked. Typos in video lectures and assignment writeups are still frequent. The course content is a bit rushed, with some rather difficult aspects left almost unexplained. Definitely not for begginers, as some knowledge of physics, differential equations, calculus, matlab programming is highly recommended!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some good material and I good introduction to aerial robotics. But, it doesn't cover all the theory needed to actually write flight control software for a quad copter. If you are really new to robotics you will need to spend at least 40-50 hours a week "discovering" enough of the details to pass the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All in all the material, videos and assignments were very interesting and they made up an exciting course.However, some of the slides lacked sufficient information on notions or did not make references to supplementary sources. The assignment material (mainly pdfs) sometimes had typos which made solving them a bit confusing and more time consuming without actually being very difficult. Also for both slides and assignments the notations were not always consistent and/or variables disappeared from equations without clear explanations.I hope in the next offering of this course there will be improvements on these aspects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think there needs to be more association elaborated between the video lectures and the questions being asked during the lectures. It seems these questions are asked before the lecture itself tends to touch the point of it.Secondly, it was a bit difficult to associate the assignment write-ups to the lectures. Obviously they were relevant but this should be more clear in text and video.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course is ok, but the assignment require a lot of prior knowledge on automation control theory, which can be really difficult to be done.I suggest that they should provide extra material for those students who have only computer science background.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good ,but many complaints regarding PID tuning from students need to be addressed in the upcoming sessionsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall good course that would definitely make you spend more time reading and learning on the side. Would recommend it those who have good background in college level math like Linear Algebra and a little bit of Robotics Background from a Math perspective - like working with translations, rotations, transformation matrices of that sort to make the transition easier. (There are basic robotic courses online to help with that, like Peter Corke's course). But overall this course requires some significant effort to explore the material from an external perspective.Some issues however -1. Lack of added resources like reading material to support the course and help advanced students go beyond the course themselves.2. Severe lack of activity from TA(s) on the forums. It's good that students get to interact among themselves and learn on their own, but every single post should be either answered by a TA to clarify doubts or they should acknowledge that another student's explanation was good enough to answer a particular question.3. The in-video quizzes weren't up-to-the-mark as per me. One question asked "why" and the answer was literally "because that's how that algorithm is".4. This is a trend in MOOCs and I don't think it can be helped, but perhaps more assignments that help understand the concepts better with examples would help students go beyond. If this course had such optional assignments that would be great for understanding the concepts with a more hands-on approach. But this is probably not the best platform to do so.Overall would recommend future iterations of this course, especially if the first two points above are improved upon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Please include supplementary materials on controller tuning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was very good and very interesting. The teacher explained things well. The BIG problem with the course is that the level of the lectures no way matched the level of the assignments, especially the last one. It was way too hard compared to the material presented. It was supposed to take 3 hours but it took me more like 50 hours. And from the forum it seems like a lot of people spend 40 or more hours on this one last problem. Was too hard and too much. A lot of prayer and sweat I finally got it with a lot if discussion on the forums. But 40 hours for one problem is crazy. There needed to be a lot more thorough instruction in order to do this problem in a reasonable time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a really great project but one needs to have studied mechanical and really advanced level physics to do this project. But I really got help of the discussion forums to complete the assignments but am not yet clear about the theory of aerial robotics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Includes advanced mathematics, I can only recommend this course to students who have a greater understanding of programming and math.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is awesome in terms of topics covered. But the pace is too fast. moreover the lectures are not comprehensive. It is needed to put more material or refer some notes or books that might helpThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I truly love the course program and what it covers. And aiding student who can't afford the price by grants is relly nice. Then were students alloweed to download MATLAB freely! But teachers should be clear from the begining, what topics one must grasp before getting one's head into it. I don't think calculus and Linear algebra is enough, given some topics that are spoken about in the course. The teacher can explain mean things and in a second, speaks about totally incomprehensibe subject. Last but not least, I personally think the course lacks on additional materials. It would be really nice if there was something like handouts, pdf readings for deeper understanding of the concepts on offline times.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should be longer, more detailed and with more background lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course about NoSQL MongoDB. I learned a lot about the course but it would have been better if the instructor would have given some emphasis on programming with Unix machines like Macs. He used windows and in many cases I would run into problems like running Mongoid by including Gem files that he provided. I had to downgrade from rails 4 to 3 and then to 5, etc hitting StackOverflow every time to sort out technical issues.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall good course with a lot of examples. Though, some important steps seems to be missing, so could not follow along with all the demos. Had to spend some unpredictable amount of time digging into some questions (probably, it is fine, but the difference between 2 previous courses and this one in the program is vivid). I had a problem installing 'doorkeeper-mongodb' and it does not seem that this problem for a number of users. Good that it was not in the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was a challenge. Mostly because some core requirements of the assignments were not explained in the lectures. I spent more time searching google for information than I did the lecture videos because A. the lecture videos are not named or indexed in such a way as to make it easy to figure out which video to rewatch and B. in many cases the particular thing I was trying to do wasn't covered at all. It may be the instructors teaching style to get you to research yourself but I could have done that without paying for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course's assignments (3 so far) are not very well designed.It takes me more time to search online and on the lecture's videos for information than to actually write and come to a solution. The lecture's videos show very little coding and they're more focused on explaining (redundantly) a key concept.I believe it would be much more easier for other people taking this course later on if the videos were more code-oriented.Greetings.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not such a great course. Lectures don't cover what is needed in some assignments. Week 3 assignment was the hardest I ever took. Just plenty of work to be done and small amount of that work is going to stay with you. There is a lot of space to improve this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good but it's stupid to make course only in chinese language.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did not enjoy this class. It was hard to take notes, the conversation from the instructors was to casual.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An interesting course even if you don't complete the assignments because you can expect to get around an 80% even if you fully grasp the subject matter due to the peer review requirement. The course would be much better without that requirement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mostly talking heads. Pretty good information. I'd like it faster. More dynamic talking heads could make this more watchable. Very generous of the World Bank to put this together.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
thanks for everythings my teachers:)I hope to visit you soon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is ok but very smallThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very decent approach and well balanced learning material. I just wish we could cover more knowledge and to my opinion, once a course slips under the "Specialization umbrella" it gets ruined and the experienced with it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
nice course at least to start withThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good but supporting material are poorThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Yes there're some pronunciation tips and situational conversation practice to help you get started, but in speaking of helping students to become a "professional“ English speaker, I think the course still has a long way to go.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has a great potential, but the subject of each week was very superficial. The speaker is very good, your english is clear and easy to understand. The subject covered is interesting, but could be more deeper.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Simple and Easy way to learn EnglishThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wish they gave more clear information on the calcuations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good. But more is there in Presentation that we have to self read. It would be better if somebody explains in video. Because reading we can do our-self and lots of content are available freely. But we spend money so that somebody teaches us those things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It has not enough content, you can just read the chapters 5 to 7 of PMBOK, and its the textbook that you'll use in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked better tools to do this type of work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This a well paced class which does a good job of breaking down the fundamentals of project management cost accounting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is better to merge the content of all 3 courses in one... very less contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I don't really like the format. I want lectures from the instructor, not animation and slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course showed a lot of pre-written code and exposed me to databases. I learned a lot, but felt like I DID less than in the previous specialization courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I work seemed a little too light.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt that weeks 1-4 went at a reasonable pace, but the week 5 material was rushed. Those programs were written by the instructor and presented quickly as examples, but some of the content in the programs was not already known or presently explained, like the "buffer" built-in function (found in Chapter 3 of Dr. Chuck's book but not covered in the course) and the "pass" keyword, which I had to find in the Python reference manual for an explanation. The week 5 programs were quite advanced and I would have liked more time spent on explaining them and perhaps a related programming assignment or two to help us learn the material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would've liked for assignments to be more independent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
was expecting more on this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assessment materials are not free？ I mean it is totally make sense that charge for certificates. But you cannot finish your courses completely if you cannot access the quiz. And the charges are soooo unbearably high for college students. Still, the teaching is excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think it can further explore the libraries and constructs of the algorithms.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel that this portion of this course did move a little too quickly in terms of introducing new SQL concepts. The first couple Python program demos has my head completely spinning, and I think this could be largely avoided by having a couple more slides piecing together the logic of the programs. Other than that, another great course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments were way too simplisticThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not too many new things about Python. mostly introduction to Python capabilities in databases/overall pretty good class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not so much hands-on work in this course.Give us more homework please! ;-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A surface level look into creating a SQL database with Python. Skims over topics quickly and does not go into depth on how to write code effectively or build a database from scratch.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecturer is honestly a bit slow in his coverage of content and his scribbling is untidy. He also seems to want to intentionally make SQL look like its very simple and avoids giving interesting facts which he thinks may complicate the content but would be good to know anyway.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great teacher, nice range of topics, very well explained. Unfortunately assignments are trivial and boring. Anyway worth taking along with other courses from that specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is not enough exercise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It seemed to me a little bit too superficial... It was almost only copying and pasting code...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher was wonderful as always. The course is given with sqllite, I would have liked a bit more experience with raw SQL queries. But the course shows you how to create and manage your databases with Python in an efficient way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should have more details. It feels like a lot was skipped.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It have low practice exercises.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments are very easy, and there aren't easy to follow notes that one can use instead of always having to watch the videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's OK. the lectures are good. The book needs updating, and more exercises would be helpful to practice what we learned in class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Awesome stuff. Useful things covered, but the student should be able to be tested in creating himself code, not just run or (simple( edit the existing code.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Things are way to deep for not programmers, i did not enjoyed so much as the previousThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course but didn't include enough python code for other database vendors and wasn't challenging enoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good, but rather brief. It does teach you the basics, but uses Python 2, not 3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The exercises need more work done if the students are expected to actually learn this stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt like this course of the specialization wasn't as organized. First of all the object oriented class had no practical assignment, and while others did, they weren't contributing for the learning. I passed all the assignments but don't think I've mastered material here as much as in the previous courses of the specialization.It seems to me that material could be broken up into two courses, and because it's squeezed in one, the instructors have to provide 99% of the assignment and finishing the rest 1% is not helping in learning. Would be much better to be required to do more work in the assignments (possibly step by step and by splitting the course).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercises in the course were very poor, simple and did not require coding, just changing one or two lines. But topic was interistingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I loved the teaching. The video are great and the examples too... But I almost did not program! The course is 'too easy' and I feel I did not practice enough!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
plz last lecture in this course, you can better understanding to me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I missed more details and exercises on the last part of the course. For example, that geoload/geodump/where-data could be given as exercises during the course and joined at the end to make that map solution.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting content, well structure lessons but too easy assesments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very short lectures and easy assignments, but a good overview and starting point for further studies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All homework were to modify from an existing code, and all lessons were skimming on indexes. I learned less than other courses from this series.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I do not find this course is useful to learn seems it only gives a guideline to the python database.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course material was very good but the assignments were boring and unchallengingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Focused too much on SQL rather than Python, so not really that helpful for people who already know SQL (like myself)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could use more hands on codingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is interesting, but tasks are way too easy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think it would be good to include into course following topics:1) NoSQL databases2) ORMsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think most of code should write enrolled students. How can you learn something just copying lines of code and making minor changes? Or just running already wrote code like in the last section?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good but need more practise problems in order to understand what you are learningThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't know anything about programming and needed a lot of help with this course. I would have like more help in getting python and its complements install. Thanks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to Python, but the course is a rather short & I think more could have been said about genomics-specific functions, modules, etc. and how to use them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think someone who has never coded before can approach this course. However, further reading of the resources presented will augment what has been taught and to better handle the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the lectures, but I felt they didnt go into enough details on analysis of sequence data. The final project was considerably harder than the material taught in the class and problems with the course (e.g. the final exam file not being available) had obviously not been fixed since the last version of the course. A fell I now have a good basic understanding of python but not enough to do any real analysis. Fantastic course mentor/TA.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Can't easily understand one of the instructors. Dislike how it chops and changes instructors in the same course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good quality of videos and teaching materials, but I expected more content about gamification.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thorough introduction in the world of strategic management for each and every one who is not familiar with this field of expertise. However, the modules could provide, through simple graphics and/or easy diagrams, a better understanding of the new principles and ideas that one encounters here. Moreover, there is room for improvement as far as bibliography and in general additional reading are concerned. All in all, the particular course offers a very decent view of this very interesting world of strategy but there are many ways that it could provide an even better experience and knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's clear and offers a very good foundation. Supplementary material is helpful. However in my view the course needs more practical illustrations of how some of the different strategy definition and approaches are practised (or not) today by modern-day companies. Some of the material was too abstract and was somewhat difficult to relate to.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More basic than I was expecting, I suppose it is an introductory to the specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite difficult to digest for a beginner. Hope the examples are easier.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that the course is good but the assignements are totally not at the same level of the explanations, except for the last assignement. The last assigment provided more information and more hints.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could do a better job of teaching more of the fundamentals involved in the Programming Assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is too easy and more like a user manual, I wish there are more "Why" or "principles" inside. because the most important thing is to know "why". In my eye, "functional programming Principles in Scala" is this kind of real course that after taking it (it is not my priority right now so I will delay to finish it for a while). I can get the sense of the most important feature of a new language.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The homework is more harder than what I learned. The errors in speaking made me uncomfortable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not practical for beginners. Probably useful if you already have extensive experience with other programming languages.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very simple course instruction and materials with difficult programming assignments. I understand having a student stretch for an assignment, but this seems more like incomplete instruction. Definitely a lot of work if you only have a statistical programming background.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
there were several things required in the programming that was not covered in lessons. Without help from other programmers and googling a lot I could not have done this. Very complex for beginners. Also documents not updated with current informationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course - Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
there is a wide gap between the videos, practice assignments and completing the required projects.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Even though the video lectures, discussion forums, swirl & reading resources are informative, there is a huge disconnect between the assignments & what is taught. It is impractical for people who have just been introduced to R(with no background in programming) to take up this course.The graded assignments should be made simpler or should be preceded by smaller ones which help first-timers get used to coding in R. I do not think Swirl; even though a valuable resource; achieves this task remotely.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor gave us homework on materials that were not taught in the lectures. This was a little unfair. It may be the way to teach for in-person learning but it is frustrating for an online course. Others have commented on the rapid pace. I would not mind the rapid pace if the materials presented were also the ones tested.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Feels like there is an extreme disconnect from the tutorials/lectures and the programming assignments. The programming assignments, were at times, rather difficult and had little to do with the lectures from that week. Overall I feel like I have a decent base in R, however I still feel like a lot of concepts were lost/not explained thoroughly enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction and definitely helps get started! Given we have video lectures, concepts could have been explained better by demonstrating on the R console instead of showing static slides and verbal explanation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignment doesn't correspond with the content of classes closely.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand that it must be a great challenge trying to teach R in four weeks. I feel the lectures were clear, the supplemental swirl assignments were beneficial, and that the discussion boards were fruitful. However, the assignments were ridiculous. Google is your friend with this course, as always, but if you're looking to gain a lot from this course, pay close attention to the lectures and the supplemental assignments in swirl. The assignments, in my opinion, were beyond the scope of the lectures and supplemental assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a large gap between the course material and the assignments. Requires A LOT of extra research to complete if you do not have prior R experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course, but the gap between video lessons and programming assignments was too wide for me. Would have loved more guidance towards the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is challenging and the exams use real-world data.The sequence of the course is not linear, the exams are too difficult compared to the material covered in classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Solid course overall only complaint is the programming assignments are a bit difficult to do based on what is taught in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Dr. Peng is great at teaching, and the lectures are not hard to follow. The recommended e-book is almost a transcript of the lectures' examples, and I really recommend getting it (I got it on print, as I like to make annotations while following the videos).That being said, the Programming Assignments are extremely difficult for anyone with no programming background. The Assignments do not require just what is being taught, and demands a lot of google and stack overflow research in order to solve the problems. If you are doing other Coursera courses and/or working at the same time, I recommend you invest time in this and do not let the assignments for the weekends.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course. I would request that the instructors work through modules in real time that are similar to the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I could not complete it as 100% because of a bug, in week 3 quiz and week 1 quiz. in week 1 2questions will never get a correct answer. Same case with week3 quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very challenging assignments! You learn a lot. Please, give more complex exercices to prepare before the final assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course teaches you very valuable basic R programming skills. It is definitely good for the beginner. Unfortunately the lectures and course materials do not adequately prepare you for the programming assignments which is frustrating and time consuming if you actually want to write the code required and not cheat.The structure and functionality of Coursera itself is excellent.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had indeed to look for codecamp to practice all the small commands how to deal with vectors. Swirl does not allow you to follow up so clearly. I wish you guys could implement a little R interface so we can follow you closer.The last project quiz demands you a huge amount of time, if you do not have much experience. They could shorten a little the questions. I know that one takes to the other, but I only had time to finish the first and understand. Yes, perhaps I am not the best, but you are offering the course to people who are not born programmers.I think that it would benefit strongly from a clear distinction between how to deal with vectors, matrix, data.frame, etc. separately instead of the huge videos with bullet points of the potentialities. We need to practice more, I like theory and I know how important, but I dont think that I learn much from the lessons or quizzes how to code something like the last part. I dont think it build my knowledge until I understand how to create that script for week4. I had to look around in all the internet, buying books. Read more. Just my opinion. I think you guys could give small scripts or asking smaller tasks to lead people until they understand how to build that.Also has its positives, I really learnt great tips and technically I know a lot of R potential.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a little difficult grasping functions as I didn't have much programming background. The swirl practice modules were great but I wish they constructed some lessons that would build a function from top to bottom like we were asked to do in the programming assignments. The lectures, swirl practice modules, and quizzes were great but they all re-iterated the same basic information. I wanted to learn and practice building more functions by applying the basic information to do complex tasks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is not entry course! Please be well prepared!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Training material and assignment levels don't match up. better training material and videos expected.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand why R was chosen to be the statistical software package chosen here, but I personally don't like it and professionally use SAS JMP.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the material was not useful in completing the assignments. Profiling was not useful in this regard. While it is useful in the real world, it was unrelated to the assignments. Also, Better examples of functions like lapply, tapply etc. besides using random data would be more likely to make sense what the function is doing. Also, there are references to statistics/statistical methods that the student may have no background in. This is also not helpful for explaining the material. The video content is largely just reading the text of the slides. It takes much more time to watch the reading of the slides than just to read them. This is not the best use of video. Neither is watching the instructor sitting in his office talking. It would be better to see a concrete problem solved, and explain why the steps taken are used. The problem could be related to the assignments but different enough to not be copied. I had to rely heavily on online resources and help files to get answers to things I think should have been part of the course material, as this is an introductory class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is not a beginner friendly course. Learn R from somewhere else and then take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned from the lectures, but the lectures didn't prepare me to do the hmwk.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It seemed like course material had little to do with the assignments. Teach us how to read alphabets and assignment is to write poetry. Big jump!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
materials didn't cover everything necessary for assignments, and time requirement was not clearThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is easy to follow, it should be a 2 week university course, but IMHO it should cover more about the data type problems that can arise with R loose data types. It is focusing too much on the code profile concept without leaving interesting knowledge about that. It should cover better the native idea/implementation about computation as single instruction multiple data, which is not well covered. In the end, this is one interesting aspect of the language that makes it useful for data science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
although it gives an introduction to R, however the structure of the course overall was not up to expectation or objectives of it.the videos were very much theoretical and boring. Introducing too many concepts (although basic) was not related to the programming assignments. I had to google almost all assignments. It's arguable that this is one way of learning and more of realistic. But on the contrary, as I'm paying to get the knowledge I shouldn't be wandering around to understand something that should've been taught in the lectures.Moreover, I think that the videos need to be updated, the mentors need to be more involved in the forums, and the way the slides are presented within the videos should be more interactive or dynamic rather than being just captured lines of codes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments are not good representations of course materials. The Instructor speaks too fast.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not the easier way to learn RThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was actually pretty hard. I felt like the questions asked in the quiz were considerable above and beyond what was taught - and the amount of R itself taught felt like being thrown in the deep end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall a good crash course and introduction to R. Its a lot to learn in 4 weeks and some of the assignments were challenging (which I liked). I think the course is worth taking but I do wish the material and assignments were packaged better - more aligned. Just be prepared to spend a lot of time online reading, researching, and learning some concepts on your own. Don't expect to learn everything from the lectures and materials to be successful in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty short introduction to R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So the course is a mixed bag.PROS: The lecture content is useful, albeit a bit dry. I can't give them too much slack for the dryness, after all it's coding. However, they could have shown more real-time coding, rather than just scrolled through powerpoints with the Command Window pasted. You definitely need to have R open when following along with the lectures. The quizzes are also quite useful, as you're required to know both the background of how things work and use the commands learned from the lecture.CONS: The assignments assume you know a lot more than the basic knowledge, and there's no real way to know how to do the assignments just from the lectures. The quizzes tend to be on the easy side and the assignments ramp things up quite quickly. There's no intermediate material to test your skill. You have to have worked in R to have even a minor chance at succeeding on the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the presentations are very hard to follow, it requires a lot of extra time reading the professor's bookThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very thorough, but I did not feel that the lessons often prepared me for the programming assignments. I found that I was frequently looking on the internet for additional resources and finding that I was definitely not alone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm not saying R Programming has to be a gripping subject, but this course is pretty dull. The value of good teaching methods is often underrated in transferring knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's ok that the instructor always talks fast, but he stammered a lot. Wish he could speak everything fluently.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need way more content, and accesibility to begginers, gap between theory and practical exercises is too big!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quiz and especially assignments were poorly written. Spelling mistakes in slides is simply unacceptable in high-level academia, in my opinion. Especially for a course designed for a global audience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really do not like the R language, I think it is sloppy and inconsistent. This class did ok teaching the basics of R, but it did not do anything toward teaching testing of R code (a key part of writing code!), best practices for modularization and factoring, and so on. In other words, it teaches you how to write R code that kind of works, but does not teach you how to write good code in R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its good but found it a little theoretical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the whole experience, but there are some gaps between sessions and weekly projects. I think this course can be improved with adding small tests between each session and providing several exercises as complimentary material. For understanding many topics I watch many other videos on youtube till I grasp the concept.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the swirl exercise along with the course makes much more senseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very difficult for me to follow the exercises, since I don't have a programming background.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was mostly self learning. It gave me a framework to go along but what is presented in lecture and assignments are completely different. The discussion board and mentors are really good resources and can provide pointers to move along. It is definitely not a class that can provide sufficient information to learn and build applications, but the individual's effort in passing the quizzes and the projects will. It is up to the student to figure out through stack overflow, youtube, and other search result to figure out how to complete these assignments. I believe the assignments given from this class are realistic to real-world situations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I give this course 3 star not 5 star because the level of programming assignments are bit difficult as compared to level discussed in lecture videos. Although lecture videos are very informative but beneficial only for very basic level programming and to solve these programming assignments lots of learning is needed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt that the programming assignments were not explained well enough, things like different syntax that wasn't explained and such. If the class required a lot of outside research not included in the class, they should mention that more clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really struggled - coming from a zero programming background. I recommend tons of reading, practical exercises, swirl is a bit of a savior and so is stackoverflow. Even with all of that, I struggled to get my mind to think like a programmer and structure the thoughts into plans for the assignments and tests. I think there needs to be a course before this that teaches one what the first step of solving a programming-related problem; eg one that focuses on flow charts, breaking down the question, etc... It literally is like learning a new language : you need to keep reading and practicing and watching/listening to others do it until you start to get it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very fast course that can be difficukt for young progrmmersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There is a high disparity between lecture content and the knowledge required to complete the assignments. It would be great to have a complete walk through of each assignment, showing the different ways in which the same functionality can be created, after having submitted an assignment. This would really had helped me to better understand why something is done in a certain way and improved my understanding of how R works. Currently there is zero feedback on completed assignments, which does not aid learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a decent introduction to R, but my main issue is that the Data Science specialization is so dependent upon the R language. This course really should be more focused around Python or be more flexible in general.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a very necessary but boring class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
R Programming is seeming difficult more hour courses are required to be initiated for making this language better learn among scientific community.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course was good, but the material covered was at a fairly high level and done too quickly. This course could use some demos and since its a core foundation for the rest of the courses, maybe it should be a longer more in-depth program.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
i feel this courses needs to be split into two different streams. One for beginners and one for people who are more comfortable with coding and R. I think that the learning curve is too steep for a part time course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course lecture was ok, Swirl was pretty good. The assignment was confusing and the instructions were not very clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's okay, the explanations are mediocre as well as the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would be better if it was more interactive. The videos aren't very helpful for a beginner programmer, and the assignments are pretty challenging. I still feel like I learned something though, but mostly from swirl which is a pretty cool thing!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course does not teach thoroughly. There is no direction or lead in to best practices.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you have no programming experience in R, this is not the course for you,There is no link with the programming assignments and course slides.But a practice assignment is proposed at the beginning of the course in week 2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it is NOT for beginner, the student should have "more than average" in the programming languages, in order to get benefit from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I miss practical exercises that can be used to prepare the quizThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To many text on the slides. Video resolution is not adopted for smartphone (Asus zenfone 5)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the assignments have nothing to do with the presented material. Would have liked some practice of the concepts presented in the lectures as opposed to learning new things just to be able to do the assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit of a deep plunge if you've never coded before, yet too shallow to satisfactorily introduce someone skilled in other languages to the many peculiarities of R. I don't envy instructors trying to balance these two needs in such a short time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Extremely hard programming assignments for people with little or no programming background. Even though these assignments were truly challenging and difficult to complete, the course complied with some of the proposed objectives.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course needs an update. Really poor presentation of the material although a lot of things are covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learning R is very interesting and applicable. It is something I plan to continue, but not in the specialization offered here. The main reason being that the difficulty of the assignments seemed far beyond the material presented in the lectures. It could be that relevant examples on using applicable functions to aid in completing assignments were not presented in the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am finding it very difficult to follow, feel like I am missing a chunk of information. However I will say that everyone else seems to be managing so it is probably me missing somethingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thought this course could've been much more effective. The content felt very random and esoteric at times. Especially the programming assignment on cached results. I get it. I'm a programmer at heart. But this is at the margin of usefulness. How about a segment on running regressions? Or doing some real data analysis?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall not a bad course. Needs some tidying up though. For example, the assignments seem to assume knowledge of functions not covered in the prior lessons. Same applies to the textbook, e.g. page 50 refers to the subset() function, but it is not actually covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The difficulty of the assignments increases fairly dramatically week over week. It might be more productive to scale this content more gently by dividing it into a two-part course?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the jump in difficulty from week 1 to week 2 is discouraging to many students with little to no R experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
its good and still more programming problems can be discussed to ease the learners to dive interest in R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In some cases I felt the course lecture (video) was bit tough to understand and few things could have been explained better. The Swirl complemented and filled most of these gaps.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
1) This course is NOT for beginners in R programming. Huge gap between lectures and assignments. Swirl lessons are cool, but anyway they don't explain enough.2) I understand that studying is not always a joy, but lectures of this course are boring. First, slides come with brief comments of instructor. And second, it seems like the instructor speaks with no preparation as there are a lot of stammers, tongue slips, "sort of", "kind of" etc. It annoys a lot...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Huge gap between theory and programming assignments, however quizzes are interesting and require some time to complete.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good class to begin with however it would have helped to tailor it more towards newcomers to programming language in general. I also would have like it if Roger would have highlighted or circled, or something to specify where in the slide he was talking about. I felt that at times it was hard to follow where exactly he was talking about and what part of the code/function he was mentioning. Im a visual learner and that would have been greatly beneficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wanted to love this course so bad but unfortunately I couldn't. There was a great distance from what was taught in the lectures and what was asked for you to do in the assignments... and It's not a matter of knowing how to program. I know Ruby and Python but R is a very peculiar language itself. Perhaps they should invest more on gradual exercises like the one they advised to do on github or some easy statistical exercises... Now I don't know if I should take the next module or if I should look for something out of here where I can learn R. I see potential on this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have some programming experience, but I often could not understand the questions being asked in the programming assignments. Not because of my skill level, but the lack of clarity in the directions. I felt that I learned a lot while taking this course because it held me accountable, but the course design could be much smoother.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments don't always align to the course content....In terms of usefulness and coverage of this course, this really is just the basics of R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Gets progressively tougher but loses momentum in the end. I highly recommend taking additional courses in R as the programming requirements are not exponentially increasing and by the end it suddenly peaks to a huge demand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Bit tough and the professor's were rushing through the course in videos.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures and the homework are not quite relevant. The instructor explains so little on programming, but the assignment are tough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course overall but assignments have too little guidance in how they should be completed and can its easier to use material from future lessons to solve the problemsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The exercises ae far more advanced than the lectures and study materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The programming assignments are a great way to get your hands dirty with R, but this is not a course for someone without any prior programming experience, and I found the lectures didn't have much connection with the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Challenging, but it gives a good idea on rprogramming, should be taken with other learning tools outside courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The connection between lectures and assignments needs to be improved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I spent a year coding, working on other programming languages and came back to this one a second time. I had the same exact learning issues as before. Luckily I had a better background but still had trouble going from lecture to exams. Swirl() is great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much stuff is taught without teachings the basics of the languageThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Introductory course on R languageThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course had too much stuff crunched (and poorly explained) in too short a time period. That said, I got something out of it using a self-directed approach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are a beginner, this course's assignments will be quite difficult to solve but not impossible. Nevertheless, the course will give you the incentive to try and learn on your own, with the help of Rforums, the Coursera discussions, Google etc. I would appreciate it if some things would be explained in more detail. A beginner most definitely needs more time to spend on the course than the hours estimated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a decent introduction to R programming IF you already have some programming experience. I would never recommend this as a first programming experience to a novice programmer. That would be like throwing someone who has never swam in the Atlantic without a life boat! That said, if you have some programming knowledge to begin with, the Week 2 and Week 4 programming assignments were good. Week 3 was disjointed; it had NOTHING to do with the lectures from that week. I found the Week 3 programming assignment to be tor easy and, frankly, not very valuable as a learning tool.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is excellent and cover many tasks that usually you perform with R. However, on my opinion assignments are not really focused on the topic of the classes, they are not really explained and above the grade of the classes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course videos are hard to follow. The Swirl package is goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't find the speaker very engaging. And his habit of bringing the dog into the classes was supremely bizarre.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Repeated the same view，too much time. I think it better to teach more about methods. All the worth is in the summary back of each unit, you even need not to have the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent course to get an introduction to portfolio theory. Some work needs to be done to update the pdf slides with what the professor adds in handwriting during the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that I would like to be more concrete on topics, the teacher explain very well but then there is not that amount of concrete examples, so the classes gets very theorical,The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course.However the initial part ,that is recruiting hiring portion could have been conducted in a better manner.It felt as if the lecturer was reading out from a text book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good general overview about recruiting, but I would like more information about staff planning as well, how to forecast the workforce needs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
On later parts the videos are poorly edited and less interactive. In one place practice quiz has wrong answer marked as right. (Whether it's a situational question or behavioral).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the course needs to be restructured in order to be more practical and in order to go more deeply into theoretical material. Most of the course is a little superficial. Most classes could be summarized. For exemple, in talking about selection procedures, the only tool discussed more deeply is interview. The was no discussion about personality, psychological test or other tools. Most contents of Amy`s classes are abstract. Stacy class, however is more practical. It is a nice course, but it can go more deeply into theory and most classes could be summarized.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The subject is interesting and the instructors both seemed very competent.Still I wish the course had been better prepared as there were lots of sounds defects: you had to adjust the volume during each video which is tiresome. In the same idea, the questions during the course would pop up in mid-sentence, sometimes with too much anticipation with the subject at hand. Last, the questions in the assignments were sometimes not so much to check your understanding but your memory about a small detail like a % in a study that is already obsolete by the time we learn it...All in all a great course, with great instructors but still room for improvement as a mooc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was a bit mediocre. The videos were often choppy, awkward, and cut off in the middle of sentences. The quiz questions were unclear and generally poorly written, and didn't make me think enough. I did enjoy the onboarding special topic section, and the quality was higher there. But the first 3 weeks need quite a bit of revision and fine-tuning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good material, but wish it had more assignments to hold you accountable.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content of this course is excellent, and I've learned a tremendous amount. It would be a 5-star course if that were the only criterion.I've become discouraged about the lack of rigor in the quizzes. A standard practice for students in online courses, if a quiz can be taken more than once, is to take the quiz before studying the material. (This is a research-supported study technique; it focuses attention on key points in listening/reading.) I'm finding that the questions virtually give away the answers. On my trial-run attempt, before the videos, I score close to or above the passing level. Because the multiple-response answers are immediately visible, a student could boost into the generous passing range on a second attempt just by seeing which boxes should have been checked or left unchecked. I can usually achieve a score of 100% on three attempts before seeing any of the material.Questions could be more difficult by requiring more discerning application of the principles, or by requiring true recall (typing in rather than choosing the information in a multiple choice format). There are dozens of ways to make questions a more rigorous and authentic assessment of student knowledge; I'm sure you know and practice many of them in your face-to-face classes.The option to repeat the quiz fails as an assessment because the questions are repeated identically even after the incorrect answers have been indicated -- and in the multiple response questions, this means that the correct answers have also been shown. A person with no knowledge of the subject matter should be able to score 100% in a maximum of 4 attempts at the quiz, just by trying each answer on each question. Thus the quiz is not any kind of assessment of actual knowledge.The assignments do require a demonstration of some ability, but the grading scheme is sufficiently generous that a person who follows the instructions minimally will earn enough points so that, in conjunction with quiz scores, they pass and receive the certificate for the course.This certificate program has high visibility in social media right now; it would be a shame for the certificate to devalue rapidly when it becomes clear to employers and students that the certificate does not, in fact, indicate that a person has passed any minimal threshold of knowledge or skill.It may be that the Capstone project is graded quite rigorously, so that any slackers from the previous classes will not earn the certificate -- but that's a bit devious too.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More like a 3.5 to 4? Close to 4. The main problem for me with this course was the assignment. I found it a bit unclear. The instructions are clear, but the way to go about completing the assignment was not. The last assignment we had in Course 3 was very specific and even had a video specifically on how to complete the assignment and why each step was important. We were given an example as to how to perfectly complete the assignment to extract the maximum knowledge from the course. In this course, that aspect was a bit lackingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good but videos are too longThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a fast and easy course. I thought it could use more insight from other instructors. The links to other videos were useful on the text documents that were available to read.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good frameworks that make a foundation. This course makes me realize selling is a critical skill. And Craig has done a great job at demystifying it. However, a lot of it is writing your own tool kits, assuming you already have successful sales experience. But that's what I realize I lack and that motivates me to take the course from the first place. If I had the right sales approach, then I would have been super successful already. Therefore, I would like to see more real examples that delve into the complexities of real-world selling situations. Also, Craig has an awesome personality: super high energy, very eager to engage; this makes me wonder the extent to which one's personality determines the effectiveness of the selling process. I, for one, am more of an introvert; so this begs the question if the introverts will need to do something differently to be as effective as the extroverts such as Craig. So, I encourage showcasing different approaches from already experienced salespeople from a wide range of personalities. In sum, I encourage the faculty to take this course to the next level by incorporating situational cases and how sales people of a wide range of personalities have handled difficult sales situations successfully, and/or how someone else have handled them unsuccessfully.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
First I want to thank very much the instructor in the online forum. He helped me a lot at the end of the course and his tutorials for gh-pages are excellent. He was also very fast in responding. Thank you.The course did ultimately not really gave me what I was looking for. Maybe too may different facts and not enough depth. I am not sure that I can confidently say that I can build a ML model now. Technically I can, but the deeper understanding is missing. For example: When would I use which method (for example rf versus naive base), the last exercise about cross validation was not fully clear. Using the caret package is too high level for a learner. It would be better to see some more step by step examples. It was not clear to me what the expected error calculation in the last exercise was really looking at. Maybe what is missing a swirl exercises, not using caret. and then explaining how caret can simplify it. We also learned how to create a predictive model, but did not go into how the model gets updated and gets retrained, an important aspect of ML. i also do not see unsupervised learning to be covered.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is such a cornerstone topic to the Data Science Specialization that I think it deserves a better designed and more polished curriculum. The subject is so extensive that it might be worthy to split the contents in two courses. Finally, I would like to suggest the authors of the course modeling the curriculum following the amazing treatment of the subject found in "Introduction to Statistical Learning" by Hastie, Tibshiriani et. al.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instructor rushes the course and does not explain much in the same level of details as respective quiz requiresThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the overview of the content seemed very reasonable both in scope and pacing, the lack of swirl exercises meant that the final project for the course was a bit jostling. Overall, I think this course still needs some development in the way of exercises to familiarize the student with the practical exercises associated with machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
mentorship was great, but the video lectures were almost useless.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like initial courses like Exploratory Data Analysis but later on it got harder to follow the lectures. A lot of topics were just rushed through and little effort was made to make them engaging or interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are really tutorials on R functions for machine learning and data wrangling. A good substitute for "Machine Learning" by Andrew Ng in terms of managing data sets and exploratory analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Superfluous but the existence of the package "caret" covers the gap of other libraries like "skilearn" of pythonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Materials in class are not suficient to understand the subject. There is missing swirl excercises and other hands on practical work. In Data Science specialization this one is the one with most space for improvement. Keep the good work. BRThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too different for beginners but not deep enough for ones already know R.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic is too big, for one course from my point of view.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although again very interesting, I found the lack of additional materials such as practical exercises, swirls and a book reduced the depth of the course knowledge for me. Maybe we have been spoiled by the previous courses :-)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good enough to open up mind of researcherThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercises could be more complete, and some are outdated for latest R, giving slightly different results.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Fair but assignments are not very well explainedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures are too complicated. I understand that material is not easy and one should do a lot of research and reading to understand the essence of the taught algorithms but the lecturer is also not very helpful and assignments are everywhere on the internet which nobody needs to get tired of thinking a little to do the homework as their product.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quizzes are useful exercises but need to do a lot of self studying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course for learning the basics of the caret package. However, it is not a good course for learning machine learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As as standalone course on machine learning, it's probably best to take Andrew Ng's class on Coursera. This course mostly teaches the basic usage of the caret package. It is too short to cover more fundamental topics in machine learning, like how to choose an algorithm based on the problem and the data.I took this class just because I was engaged in the Data Science specialization. I wanted to clear the Capstone project and get the Data Science specialization certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my view the course was useful but not as good as the previus ones I followed in the specializacion (such as regression models and stat. inference).The subject was too broad and there was no space to cover in detail all the algorithms. Also I think it's a bit out of date because there is no references to xgbboost which is now dominating many Kaggle contestsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course feels rushed. I understand teaching Machine Learning in 4 weeks is impossible, but then maybe the course needs to have a narrower yet deeper scope rather than throw at you many concepts without details. e.g. trees, random forests, bagging and boosting all in 10 minutes each? Impossible...So, as opposed to creating machine learning intuition I feel the course became an R package code book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quizes do not match a 100% with the lecture videos. There are some weird questions. My algorithms' outputs deviate from answers some times, which is due to different software versions. Quizes are not very educating this time. Courses by Brian Caffo were much better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Compared to previous two courses in specialization this one is far worse - it is more of excursion into used methods than actual learning using any of mentioned methods in enough detail to be able to do meaningful analyses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you have taken Andrew Ng's machine learning class, it's not necessary to take this one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the lack of assisted practices made it harder to digest the contents and methodologies.strongly suggest to develop some practice problems with explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm somewhat disappointed. I attend almost all other courses in this specialization (except of "data product") and this one is, on my opinion, the weakest one. A lot of links to useful information though. This is more reference guide rather than a real training course.I can say even more, initially I start other courses of this specialization just because they were marked as strong prerequisite to this one. For now, I think all other courses of the specialization were much more valuable for me than this one.I've also took Andrew Ng course on Machine Learning in the past, and my learning experience was much better. In lectures on some concepts (like regularization) I'm pretty sure I would not understand anything if I had not been familiar with the subject before..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Class materials and videos are confusing and do not go into enough detail. Assignments require a lot of search of extra information outside course materials. Also, the length that is needed to complete the assignments vary widely week to week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
more needs to be taught in class. what is taught is not sufficient for quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe this course is critical and much needed given where the Industry is heading. Prof Leek, has tried his best to explain the concepts in a lucid manner, however the complexity of the content, may challenge most students.A few more examples with R code would have been helpful as translating problem statement to R code may not be intuitive.I would highly recommend that students should plan to study some advance statistics before attempting this course. Having said that, i think this is a wonderful starter course to get a glimpse of what Machine Learning is all about.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Feels like everything is solved using a caret package, while the back-end theory is only slightly touched. By using a single line command solver, student may lack the foundation for harder problems in the real world.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite a lot of material to cover in such a short time!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of material needs additional study (from different sources) as it's only summarily explained. Much math without the link to the praxis :-(The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Many things are not clear enough in multivariable regression part.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is great, instructor is good, however, the material of this course is not well organized, even the swirl practice is not put in the correct week, not in the same pace as the lectures. The quiz and project are far much easier than lecture content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course, yet course content could be spread more evenly (week 4 is really a lot)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Requires much more than a month to digest the material and complete the assignments. A default/initial one-week offering is too tight unless you are only taking the course (not working). I know one can complete the course in more than a single round and I did that but I still don't think the expectations should be set for a single month.Instruction (video content) can be much better, at least compared to a lot of other courses on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am no used to this educational system so I find difficult to follow without any proof or demonstration of the mathematical tools. I find proofs necessary for a good understanding of concepts. Another benefit of proof will be to have a more rigorous framework for variable names in the explanations. Even though this is more a practical course, it will benefit from being a bit more rigorous ; so at least people can make proofs on they own.Other than that, it is a great course. Very practical and to the point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the earlier courses more. I did not like the way the materials were provided. There were a lot of very complex ideas were presented, in a very concise and brief manner. Also, there should be more exercises to practice. May be its me, but, I guess, I might need more time to fully comprehend the materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the lecture notes is a bit confusingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Given the importance of this subject, this course should have been split in two or more or have a longer duration to properly address subjects as GLM or model selection techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good. Unlike the previous courses I took in this track, there was almost no interaction in the forums and also no-one to give feedback. I wonder if there were any TA's present in this run.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is better than Statistical Inference, and I think it is as useful. Non credit excersise are still very good at helping with understanding in practice what is going on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the videos tough to watch. I was hoping for something that would be more practical for non-statisticians, but the lectures mainly devolved into mathematical proofs. That said, I did learn some from this class. Just not as much as I'd hoped.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a decent class, covering linear regression and a few of its variants in good detail. It's a challenging subject, but presented acceptably here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor is at time incomprehensible. It would be helpful to speak more slowly and pause more often. Otherwise he sounds like repeating something that he's so well memorized after many years of teaching.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material presented was of course useful, but I never really felt like I understood how it all tied together, or what the big picture was. I think that some case studies that show how all of the concepts relate to one another, or how they are used in the bigger picture would be helpful.Also, as a suggestion, I feel that if something is important enough to be included in the quiz, it merits more than the briefest of mentions in the lecture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course needs more emphasis on practical applications and less mathematical background.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The flows of courses instructed by Caffo(Statistical Inference and Regression Models) are too long to concentrate it and the quiz is not quite related in lecture.However, Contents of the book is really good, as well as homework in the book.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There's just something about the course content that is difficult to attain. It's presented at way too high of a level without enough tangible examples of getting down into the weeds of how to actually perform and interpret the models and functions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good quick overview, could have more actual R examples in lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As for the Statistical Inference course, this course is amazing but is presented in a more complex way than it should be. Once again the concepts are simple and the math not so hard, yet I had to do a lot of research outside the course to be able to understand these simple concepts and derive the not so hard mathematics.Brian Caffo is clearly brilliant and, I would say, seem to be a good lad too, but something is missing. Too often the details are thrown at us without being properly framed in the context or without having the proper concept being introduced progressively.I have a theory about teaching since I was 15, and so far it has proven to be true. Imagine that learning is about climbing a mountain in which tall steps have been carved. Each step is taller than the student. The teacher is somewhere higher than the students (not necessarily at the top, if there is such a thing).The job of the teacher is to throw boxes (concepts) and balls (details) of different size, shape and colors. The job of the student is to catch these boxes and balls and to put the right balls in the right boxes in order to make a staircase out of it to climb (at least) one of the giant stair up.A good teacher makes sure to throw the concepts first than the details and to clearly specify which balls go into which box, as well as which boxes go inside/over which other boxes.But most teacher simply throw the balls and boxes in an not so well structured manner, so the poor students try to catch as many as he can, but also miss a lot of them. His hands can hold a limited amount of balls. If he doesn't have the right box to put them, he would either miss the next balls, or put the one he hold in his hand in the wrong box.Bottom line, the best teachers are those who focus on the concepts (and context) and make sure that the concepts are well understood before introducing details to stuck in these concepts. From my experience our brain (or at least mine) better learn this way. It is as if our brain need first to establish a category-pattern (the concept/context) to which it will associate detail-patterns. But without a proper category-pattern, our brain is having a hard time to properly remember the detail-patterns or miss-associate them to the wrong category-pattern (which create even more confusion).Hope it was helpful somehow...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course goes on a very fast pace and simply does not have the charm of all the other courses in the specialization. I understand that a lot of content is covered within a month, but there should be supplementary course material available. Moreover, TAs should be more active on the forums. I have seen most of the questions just being discussed among the students. A little disappointed. Will probably have to watch all the material again to have confidence with it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Better than Stat Inference, and gave some reasonable intuition, but could be improved I think by focussing on more understanding and less maths and formulas. Some of it did seem to be - here' s a formula, plug the numbers in to get the quiz question right, whereas in reality (in the world of work) that question is completely unrealistic - you have raw data and you need to do the regression and understand what it means.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I find it very tough to understand everything. Buying the course book helps to overcome this. You have to dedicate a lot of time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed this course very much. Had value. I watch Scandinavian TV and films from the U.S. via Netflix, Amazon and MhZ Choice via livestreaming. In the future I would like more emphasis on recent or current Scandinavian film including actors, actresses, cinematography techniques, etc. Also, the video lengths were fine but the presenters need to be trained and give more engaging, lively presentations --- a bit too classroom "lecturish". Thank you!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the lectures very interesting; but was surprised at how the quizzes / assignments focused so much on facts and figures - surely these aren't nearly as important as understanding the content?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course as a starting point. Although it still shall be better if there could be more detailed, academic study contents involved. And in addition, it might be both more inspiring and more attracting if the lecturer giving the information with more spoken presentation which approaching to a real class rather than a fixed script text.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video is ok, but it lacks a lot of details in calculation. The assignment is very confusing because some questions refer to some 'previous' statement while fail to clarify which is related.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very uneven. There are some good insights and ideas in there, but no way will a beginner be able to make sense of this. It's more like a sort of refresher/inspiration course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course starts with a nice mathematical support. Midway it looses connection with mathematical details in a way that it becomes too vague and does not empower the student to really grasp the concepts. Some energy-based proofs and the few formulas presented are inserted a bit adhoc and not properly explained.Despite not being to my liking in terms of depth, It is a good course as a general understanding of what has been accomplished in robotic legged-locomotion, what the state of the art is and where to find literature.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting class, but somewhat frustrating at times. I found the quizzes very conceptual, which was interesting, but trying to find the correct answer with no feedback as to how something was right or wrong made for a weaker learning experience. Had there been some feedback to understand why something is correct or not, I think that would enable more learning.I also think more emphasis on Forward Kinematics and Inverse Kinematics would help ground this class as a more general class for students interested in robotics. Introduction to Jacobians and how we can calculate end effector forces with respect to joint torques would really help interlace this class with some of the other classes in this Robotics specialization. It seems like it sticks out the most.Still. Interesting class and I learned some new stuff!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is not bad, but the information of the slides doesn't gives you much information to solve the questions. You have to go to other resources to solve the math questions.The simulations are OK, very practical and comprehensive but there is no math information about the movement or equations of motion on the slides, off course, if you have the matlab code you can do reverse engineering and aim the goal. If you expect to learn about robotics motion and mobility you have to go to other books of these themes.There are too much questions in my opinion and are tedious to solve or answer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
many subjects are not clear enough.it is better to put links and pictures than send us to look in lectures for a specific time frame.and still it was very interesting and motivating course. thanks!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Course material and method of testing the understanding of the student needs to be improved. Despite the low quality of the quizzes, the course is very inspiring. The examples showed are very good and the lectures concentrated on teaching the underlying concept rather the Mathematics involved, which was refreshing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course. Stands well in the specialization. It was a bit buggy throughout tho. And the assignments could have focussed more on the control part.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There must be something wrong to spend time on google&wiki much more than the course content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good teachers but a lot of questions in the quizzes were very ambiguous and unrelated to the Course Content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course, both tests and assignments aredemanding but fair.Biggest problem of this course is that not all required topics are coveredenough in lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice high level overview of the motion of robots. I would have liked to do more programming (modeling of robots, controllers, etc.) in the course and have the lectures tie in closer with the content of the quizzes. The TAs were very active in the forums and helped clarify/fix any problems that came up.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
knowledge-based, no skill-based work at all which is weird since the capstone is skills-basedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is awesome but the final 36 questions are really a headache.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was good but so introductoryInstructors just reading the documentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course laid out the concepts pretty well but if one had access to the materials, the lectures were not really necessary to understand the concepts.This was because the lectures were pretty much a re-reading of the materials and more importance could be placed on creating scenarios where the processes would be applicable. This would be a far better use of the lecture time than trying to combine the two and not doing a good job of either.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be more in-depth (e.g.Kanban part...)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting review of many of the theoretical aspects. It completely lacks practice though. No exercises, no real world scenarios...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures were done well. The tests should have more "Real world scenario" questions, then just asking about specifics terms used in a given processThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course way OK, but it had some flaws.It was very general and could have gone into more detail, but that was intentional, I guess. No big deal. Then again, the difficulty was way too easy and the quiz questions should be tested for test wiseness. What I disliked the most: The way Scrum was introduced and mapped to the role of a "product manager" was very confusing.Still, not a bad course though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A lot of the practical materials in the courses are taught by the TAs, most of whom tend to speak in a monotonous manner and failed to teach at a pace that matches the difficulties or complexity of the content. There is no slowing down or speeding up for hard-to-grasp or easy materials. Also, it seems to me that they are delivering the lectures by reading line by line from a piece of paper.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good general guidance, Richard Sellers was the most useful. Interesting how even established in a career can be considered a "generalist".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course doesn't feel complete, the information and techniques used for assignments can be found completely online through documentation and instead this is merely an exercise for doing basic analysis through documentation rather than an explanation of python through data science (which is what I anticipated)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
a decent introduction into the world of python dataframes via the pandas libraryThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The explanation and content in teaching video is too brief for the assignment. It cannot not provide sufficient concept and knowledge for student to complete it, especially who not familiar with pandas.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Much more difficult assignments than taught in lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More programming details should be included.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For me the course's biggest value-adding point is to simply ask us to Google everything on Stack Overflow to complete all the assignments, which has almost nothing to do with the course content. The assignments are also badly designed. In the discussion forum you can see lots of confused / frustrated posts. The TA's and mentors are clearly under-resourced to answer all our questions. The videos unfortunately don't teach us much either. The professor + TA's a simply reading off a teleprompter, and they're rushing through everything. I've done some amazing courses on Python also offered from Uni. of Chicago, but this course has been a big disappointment unfortunately...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Please provide more lectures. We depend on self-learning more than lectures in order to pass.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good and necessary introduction to Python. But especially Assignement 3 regarding cleaning the data should be improved. It´s good to know how to clean the data but it´s confusing when Q1 is apparently correct but actually it´s not. Mabye it would be better that Q2 - Q13 based on a new dataframe which is correctly by all means.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned so much. However, the lack of support when I got stuck made it a frustrating experience. I would not have been able to pass without the discussion forum tips. Even then, it was a lot of mucking in the dark and assignments took longer to complete than they should have. I'm glad I took the course but it was not designed for someone at my skill level. If the discussion forum was organized in a better way, it would have helped -- I had to scroll through pages of text to find the right tips to identify my mistakes. Sometimes the question requirements were oddly or ambiguously phrased and I misunderstood the expectation for the function being tested.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Difficult. I cannot recommend this course to everyone but just technically minded people.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course relies almost exclusively on self learning of the details of pandas. It would be greatly improved by examples of how to use pandas to solve problems similar to the assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course lessons could have been more specific and provide more explanations on many topics that are later required in the assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The whole curse relies on the automated grading system, which is still a little sloppy. I think it would be useful to have one notebook or cheatsheet with all the important functions. And also, I personally like to have a reference assignment that was completed by the instructors. This could be provided before or after the course, but the way I really learn is by reading other peoples code and seeing ways to code problems. ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course instructor could have been more elaborate with the examples. I felt there was a wide gap between the exercises and the course material.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Honestly, it was a good crash course into data science in python. My 3/5 star rating comes from the fact that I think their could be more content / examples shown in the videos. The videos were a good start into the assignments, but I had to spend hours reading on the internet to really understand enough to complete the course.I liked what I saw in the videos, just wish there was a little more substance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only 37 minutes of video, average per week. Really nice, pleasant video, but don't expect to learn how to solve the problems, because there is little connection from the problems to the videos.Teaching assistants are hard -working and knowledgable and each has a different way to do things.Very little in the way of effective educational design.But they do create useful questions to answer, if you are stubborn enough not to need actual instruction.The estimate of time required is woefully inadequate.The best thing you can do is lookup Brandon Rhodes on Youtube. He will actually explain Pandas. Expect to invest about four hours in his videos and still have questions. Use the course forum extensively — only there will you get a hint of how to do what they ask.Google and Stack Overflow: that's their extensive list of references.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was helpful in presenting typical problems in data science, but the lectures showed you examples in one area of pandas and the assignments asked questions in different areas of pandas. I found the assignments frustrating and spent much of my time trying to understand what they were asking rather than actually solving the problems.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed and found all of the lectures helpful, but lack of feedback after submitting assignments was a real problem, especially for the last assignment. A simple response of "this was answered incorrectly, points not awarded" isn't very constructive and was often frustrating. Bugs in being able to submit the assignment were also frustrating. I spent a good amount of time trying to fix my code, thinking it was incorrect, when in actuality the online submission was just not working.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content and assignments are pretty good at covering the fundamentals of how to manipulate data in python, I did learn a lot that I can see my self applying practically.Where it falls down though is the assignment auto-grader. It's immensely fussy (as I understand it has to be), but the assignment instructions are often very vague and don't sufficiently explicitly define whats expected. This means you spend more than 50% of your assignment time debugging and recasting objects and getting very frustrated whilst doing so.I would recommend this course, but I do hope that the course administrators pick up on this feedback and make the assignments clearer in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
From my poitn of view more lessons are needed, achieving exercises require a deep search on stackoverflow and other courses. That shouldn´t be the goal of the course, I expected the lessons to give enough knowledge to fullfil the questions of the examsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fast paced and the videos do not cover all of what is necessary to know to pass the assignments. However, this is not a problem as all the necessary references are given. The problem is the way the programming assignments are designed and the automatic grader, which should definitely be improved. Some times you spend hours to figure out what is wrong and you finally find out that you have a precision error because of using a library function instead of another (same purpose) or you spend our to manipulate a Pandas dataframe to respond to the specifications, except that all that time is wasted as the grader will accept the first version even if the index does not respond to the requirement (for instance). So, if you want to take it, prepare to fight with the grader. Positive point: Excellent help on the forums, you will not be left alone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I do have background in OOP programming but not Python. But I do also programming in MATLAB. I chose this course to learn more about technical skills to do research in data mining, data science, and machine learning. The instructor is fine but the lecture note is not really helpful. Students need more clear written information than just lecturing in Video as referring to lecture notes as needed would be more efficient. Each week assigns one programming assignment consisting of multiple problems. I don't think the shown expected time to complete each assignment is totally unrealistic. It took tremendous time to complete and at least to pass it. One good thing is that as far as you complete it within the session, there is no penalty and you can get the passing scores. However, all the programming is graded by the autograder which has a lot of bugs. For example, the exactly same solutions that was passed by the autograder as correct previously are graded as incorrect in the next trial. The staff people try to help but I totally don't understand their approach in that 'this may help but I am not sure if the autograder can accept it'. I believe they try to fix the bugs and use the 'trustworthy' autograder so students can rely on the feedback provided the autograder. We are not learning how to make the autograder not generate errors. I believe many of students are taking this course to improve their career performance. In my case, I am working as a full-time while I am taking this course. Due to the lack of time and the inefficient/faulty autograder, I took a lot of my precious time. I got passed this course with 95 and will continue taking the rest of the courses in this specialization because I already paid the whole specialization package and supported by my company. But I believe the staff team should improve the technical aspects so students can save a lot of their time. Also many of the programming problems do not have the sufficient level of clarity. For each problem, there should be an example so students do not have to spend too much time to understand or guess the solution. I found many inconsistency in the solutions although I guessed it by spending a lot of time to pass this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course lectures were good, tho at times a little too rapid. The python text appears and disappears too fast to digest, I did a lot of pausing.The early exercises were good, but later ones were finicky. I would prefer more intermediate steps to confirm we're on the right track. In particular the last (huge) exercise was frustrating, just being told I've got it wrong with no feedback on why.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course would be great if you are experienced in Python or any other programming language. The title ' Beginner Specialization. No prior experience required.' is very misleading and if you do not have any experience, you will struggle a lot especially to complete week 3 & 4 assignments.It makes you think and requires a lot of self-study, which is a good way to enhance our knowledge and skills, however assignments are way too challenging for those who are 'beginners' or have little real-world experience. I would not recommend if you do not have much confidence in your programming 'experience'.Having said that, teaching team is great - very knowledgeable and supportive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my humble opinion, the Python ramp-up in week 1 is not sufficient to effectively complete weeks 2-4. This course necessitates a bit more practice in Python. The lectures are cut-and-dry, and I recommend frequently referencing them when completing the assignments. I spent about 1.5x the listed time-to-complete on most assignments. On the flip side, I gained a lot of knowledge by putting forth full effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction of working with tabular data in Pandas dataframes. I've learnt how to access columns, rows, and specific values in a dataframe. How to transform the data. And how to merge dataframes together. The assignments are a lot of do-it-yourself by reading documentation and Q&A sites. So you're forced to read a lot, and learn more than actually necessary. Teacher and mentors gave hints on the discussion forum which helped. Could have been better if part of the solution is given. E.g. answer = 0.0073.........64 without actually giving the full answer. I also think the automatic grader should give an explanation or example of a correct answer when the assignment is answered correctly. It would have been better that way, because I could review the strengths and weaknesses of the methods I used to get to the answer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was over all okay. My primary complaints are that I felt that the class moved too quickly and relied too heavily on students to teach themselves through the Pandas documentation. The Pandas documentation is really only so-so and it would have been nice to have more guidance through the course materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Last assignment was *painful*: Poorly described instructions, outcomes/outpu; the grader was opaque and largely mute.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although I learned a lot in this course, I found the lectures and assignments to be much too different from each other. I would like to see assignments where you must practice what is learned in the lecture. For myself, I feel I learned 1 set of concepts from the lectures and another set from the assignments by spending time on stack overflow and the pandas documentation. Both are good but the lectures and assignments did not "flow" together as I would have liked.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Skills acquired when finishing this first course are very useful and applicable. However, lectures and assignments are almost unrelated. This course is nothing for people who are new to python.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this course useful since I had no previous experience of Pandas or the statistical features of Python. I have programming experience and feel I would have found it quite a challenge otherwise, but not prohibitively so. Chris is great at explaining things in an accessible manner, and I'm very much looking forward to going into more detail in the rest of the specialisation. I would have enjoyed a little more focus on statistics etc and a little less on the mechanics of the library, but understand why it had to be approached this way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked that the course was very assignment-oriented. It had a good structure and interesting additional readings. However, for people who are not familiar with pandas library it may be very challenging to pass assignments. This minimal guidance, I believe, results not in a better understanding, but in confused students writing bad code and spending hours not understanding online documentation. Overall, I really liked the idea and content of the course, but not how instructors approached the self-learning part.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good course where i learned about new and great tools and techniques. I learned how to approach the data science problems using Pandas and Numpy. This would not serve as a great course for into to data science. Background with Database Management and Python really helps. Overall i learn about new and great tools and would definitely require Documentation while using the skills i learnt in this course. Overall Great Job by Professor Brooks. Would love to take more courses by him.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Classes moved very fast, especially in the video materials. Functions were introduced briefly without time to digest. While I ultimately did learn the topics through my own research, I feel the class would have been much more beneficial with slower, more indepth explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is quite demanding from the get go. If you are trying to get by with casual interest, then this is not the course for you. Much of my December vacation (which I had earmarked for playing video games) was spent coding on this course.The biggest gripe I have about the course is the grader system. It gives a binary output indicating whether you got the question right or wrong. Unfortunately, often that is not good enough, to debug your code. I spent hours figuring out what's going on. The forums were also not helpful, since there were not many taking the course.At the end of all this, if I ask myself, did I learn a lot? The answer is probably no. However, I did get a lot of coding experience. Debugging experience.We have many databases (MySQL, MongoDB, Cassandra, etc), which have far more powerful features than what pandas can do. Therefore, as a system designer, it is unclear to me as to why I would ever pick Pandas over the rest. It appears quite slow (compared to the likes of time tested databases). It offers very few features (when compared to a DB). Lastly, I can use it only with Python. To me, it appears to be a no-brainer to use any one of those DBs to store, modify and massage my data. Maybe there are valid applications that can make use of Pandas like features, but I did not learn that from the courseSummary:Better Motivation to use Pandas over standard DatabasesBetter grader design.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my humble opinion, this course does not have a correct balance of difficulty of new concepts/tools with the exercises given by the course to practice. It is a "hey, look, there is something called pandas out there that may be very useful for you" but it is too introductory. And I know the course has the word "Introduction" in the title but that does not grant, in my opinion, to run a 4-week course such as this one with so little contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To much disconnect between assignments and lecturesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
assignment is a little bit messy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Top free course about Data Science. But I think lectures must be more detailed and related to assignments. And assignments could be less ambiguous and more clear.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments are challenging, but some questions are very vague and require lots of trial and error guesswork to get the autograder to accept them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a decent introduction to using the python pandas data science package, but suffers from some problems.The lectures are very brief and do not prepare you well for the assignments. The assignments are not well described and the autograder is very finicky. As a result, every week I spent several hours on the fora and stackoverflow to figure out what the autograder wants, instead of actually learning pandas. I managed to pass this course with (what I know is) subpar code, but we never get to see proper solutions to the assignments.The course has potential, but as it is now, I will continue this specialisation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructor is warm and seems pretty interested.Content is way too minimal though and it's not enough to prepare the student for the assessments.A lot of searching is required in order to arrive at the solution which more often than not is not the most optimum one. Forums are only supported by fellow students and staff's involvement is next to zero in there. Even threads that deal with clarifying questions were not answered by the staff.I understand that this way enforces community building and helping fellow students, but staff's participation would be highly appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A course which has great assignments. However, the video itself is a bit boring. Most of the time, my motivation to learn this course is just doing its assignments.At the same time, the assignments are somewhat difficult for those who are not familiar with Python, but for me it's just OK. What I want to make complaints about the assignments is that sometimes the Autograder is so rigid that I have to try one question over and over again until the Autograder "feels happy", and for me, sometimes the gap between "correct answer" and "incorrect answer" isn't so large...And finally, thank you, teacher Christopher Brooks! You are ateacher full of passion, and I actually learnt a lot from you and your course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures were interesting and well put together, however the assignments and the knowledge required for the assignments were not covered in the lecture material. While I can appreciate that every course will require some elements of self-learning and exploration, this felt a step too far. My sense is that if you have some experience in the actual topics covered by the course, and are looking to verify your knowledge with a certificate, you will be fine. However if you are hoping to actually learn about the topics, you are going to have to work very hard. I'm hoping that the coverage of course material to assignment requirements is a lot better in the subsequent courses in this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have two general comments:The first comment is . . . there was too wide a gap between the lecture content and the assignments. The second comment I have is . . . I spent too much time trying to figure out what the autograder wanted and not enough time learning Data Science with Python. I can only imagine the work that it takes to develop and launch a course like this. In all, I'm very excited to be part of this program. My comments are critical but hopefully helpful and all your work is appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting, but the grading system needs to improve substantially. The grader bugs considerably, and the questions are often not well defined, which requires a lot of unnecessary trial and error to understand what exactly the question was about. Finally, complete the assignments took way long that what it is suggested.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments were good but it was a lot of time spent with the grader.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content and assignments are certainly useful and relevant. However, the lectures are too short and do not help much with doing the assignment. As a beginner, I relied heavily on google and the discussion forum to get through the assignment. And I am not sure if i can actually tackle similar problems again without referring back to the pre-mentioned resources.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More concise coding tutorials and less "search on your own on the internet" needed. It is great to get to know the online community and the course needs more coding example directly relat to exams.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Contents are great and very relative. Exam is fair and reasonable. However students have to deal with an autograder for the scores and the autograder is not up to par for this course. The amount of time that you spend on learning during the course is only a fraction of time you spend to get through the autograder.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was challenging, and although I would have liked a bit more information from the video lectures, and a bit more practice on using the basic functions, I learned a lot.I thought the video lectures were a little sparse. There were only 20-30 minutes worth of video lectures per week and the assignments required you to stretch the knowledge that you gained from the lecture videos quite a bit.More examples in video lectures would have helped. I would have also liked to see a few simple problems in each assignments just to get comfortable using the various functions introduced in the lecture.So overall, the course was challenging and definitely a fair amount of work coming from someone new to python (but moderately experienced in C programming), and although I would have liked a bit more guidance, I learned a lot.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction to python and data science. The questions were just about the right level of difficulty. My main criticism is that the online videos were pretty short and not going into a lot of detail, whereas with the questions you had to do a lot of extra research to figure out how to solve them. More interaction with the enrolled students during the course and having more in-depth videos would make the course a lot better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very interesting. The Jupiter notebook is very useful.I don't like that many examples are very US-specific. Some important terms may not be clear for people who live outside USA.Update: I'm lowering my grade from 4 stars to 3 stars because of very confusing assignments. Often it's not clear the requirement of the task. It takes very long to understand. Also some assignments require methods and functions that were not covered in video lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course would feel very basic to anyone who has studied sustainable development or sustainable business in any form. It may complement what you've already learnt by articulating the concepts well, but the lecture videos felt redundant after reading material for Week 1. This course can be improved by adding a few in-depth case studies to the weekly assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a pretty basic course. It teaches you three tools to organize your work and home to-do lists. I do not think I will use the system that was taught.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Helpful, but the teacher is annoying and condesending.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Calling this a course is a stretch.It would even be a stretch to call it a workshop. Course material is thin and you can go through it in a couple of hours. If you squeeze the content, you can probably get a couple of pages of notes out of it.Having said that, it is somehow useful, if you don't already have a system in place that works for you. I would only recommend this course to someone with a serious personal management issue.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great video, they should be longer and more detailed though.Some of the information about these topics were treated in a more detailed and useful way in the introductory courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general it's really fun here but the assignments takes much more time than told and i wishedthe focus would be more on layouting interfaces.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For some of the topics, the Introduction class has more meaningful homework projects. this felt a bit thin.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a kind of basic course without enough examples. That being said, the most interesting part of the course is prototyping section. I am looking forward to hearing more about that aspect of design.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lectures were somehow chaotic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
With a biology background I had some difficulty following this course. That is understandable, as a lot of it relies in mathematical modelling and statistics. I still felt like some exam questions relied on material not yet lectured, which would sometimes leave me at a loss as to how I should have gotten to the right question in the first place. The lectures could have been structured differently, so as to facilitate engagement - I found myself easily losing focus and having to repeat the videos. Despite its shortcomings, the course is still a powerful introduction to Systems Biology.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm new to Business Strategy, with previous background in Engineering. The course seriously lacks notes and proper definitions of the concepts. You will have to do your own research to understand the definitions. Also, you are expected to review 3 other projects. When you are a student yourself, how can you be expected to fairly grade your peers? I'm really not sure how useful this is going to be towards actually using it. I mean, will an employer find this useful? I don't know.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that the information for the assignments must be more clear, templates for the tasks needs revision.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Having successfully completed 'Getting Started: Agile Meets Design Thinking' I found this module partially confusing. It is also based on Alex Cowans' venture design process but this time on each step you do things that differ from what was taught in the previous course. Things seem to be complementary but you should not expect to go through a structured process over all courses. They are all based on the same process but shed light on different aspects.I also have the imporession that the didactics of this second course still coudl be improved a lot. Quizzes are currently reworked and bugs fixed and the team is very responsive.It still was a good learning experience and doing Design sprints is a great approach. From the review of assignments I can say that a few students seem to adapt better to the structure of the course that I did. But most seemed to be equally if not more confused. Doing reviews wasn't fun because formally most students got enough points but content-wise I perceived it as rather messy assignments to review. :/The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is understanding water and sanitation through the lens of economics. Lacked water and sanitation element through infectious disease (biological lens). I guess that is why its water supply and sanitation POLICY.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course gave a nice overview on strategy formulation but was in my view a bit inconsistent. However I learned the main techniques used in formulation, so no regrets.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish teachers look at our work too rather than student though they do their jobs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I felt the course was ok, but wanted more. It seemed very general, even with the focus in the end on e-Types.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the level was a bit on the low side and the time i had to spend on each week was far less compared with the first module. Videos maintain high standard.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was more diverse than I thought it would be and I really enjoyed it, however I thought the end of year project could have provided more differentiated prep material as that confused me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course content itself was good, however the final assignment was vague and confusing. I think my coursemates had the same problem; all of the submissions I reviewed failed to discuss in any way at least one of the learning objectives.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not too much different information from what can be found in internet for free.If it was cheaper the relationship cost-quality could improve.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materials were interesting and relevant. The instructions for the final project were a bit cryptic - it was not completely clear what the instructor wanted. The submissions I reviewed were all over the board and none came close to the grading rubricThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be improved.. the ideas seem disconnected there is no clear flow of the ideas presented in different weeks and the specific actions to formulate a strategy. but overall good course with excellent frameworks. Thanks a lot CourseraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but not really practical. This module could benefit of more examples when it comes to formulating strategies.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good, basic introduction to Social Media Data AnalyticsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview, could be more robust and thorough!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It can be more exhaustive..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it was a good course.but it was super boring as hellthat's why I didn't continue learning the other modulesmost of coursera's courses as boring but this was the most boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignment instructions weren't clear and when uploading the assignment files, the pages didn't render properly. This also was a problem during peer review of assignments.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty decent breakdown of Bootstrap, but execution can be poor with the assignments. For example, one of the end-chapter assignments is missing complete instructions, and enough digging in the forums refers to, "a screenshot of the complete instructions". Rather unacceptable for a peer-reviewed course, okay for a free, self-auditing run.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think this course was way too ambitious. It's neat to imagine learning all of this stuff in four weeks, but one should be realistic. Sure, we had lectures explaining things, but in the end we mostly had to copy-and-paste code and confirm that it worked. There should have been many, many more quizzes and short coding exercises to assess our understanding.Perhaps billing this with more content hours would be appropriate. To really understand and absorb this stuff, I'll need to spend a lot of time with the "additional resources". The lectures and scaffolded exercises certainly exposed us to a lot, but it would be hard to say I really learned very much.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic course. It's not worth it 70$The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The sound doesn't turn up very loud.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course content is good, however instructions for the assignments are not complete. Often, instructions for the assignments that are required in the grading criteria are buried in the discussion forums, sometimes in multiple threads. And the method of grading is also only explained in the discussion forum. This can lead to the peer review grades being difficult to assign. The assignment pages should be updated to properly include ALL requirements and an explanation of how to grade the assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent for absolute beginners! But, if you have good experience in CSS & JavaScript you might play it at 1.5X, it is too informative to be attended by someone who knows even a little, it might be boring, then.Generally, the course is very informative, rich, instructions based and have very good exercises covering all the course content with a good-as-a-start hands on experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a beginner, this cours is greateThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the classes and the exercises could be far more dynamic and didactic, but besides of that is a good course to get a grip of Bootstrap if you follow along writing the code and if you tinker a little by yourself afterwards. But it's definitely for people with solid JS and CSS bases.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course where I come across bower and CSS how to use the function for the UI frameworks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Valuable and very well organized, I found it quite simpleThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic is overall well covered.The material are not easy to go through and do not reference well key knowledge area, specifically: how to apply them.The exercises and the assignments could be largely improved: the targets and the guidance are not always clear. Adding up on the same files instead having one file per exercice / one learning key point does not help.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a four star course and the links to additional information were a good resource. 3 stars for the discussions which were left unanswered much of the time and not a highly active mentor group. Much was left to student when stuck and exasperated options.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good. I already use Bootstrap and still finding useful information here. But the sound is too silent. Also teacher speaks too slow, it makes listening even more difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Would have like it more if JQUERY section was covered in more depth covering more examples and features.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
jogesh mupalla should be more descriptive about his explanation, he should explain if not all then most of the components of the bootstrap coding , which he sometimes skips or misses, otherwise the course is goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It‘s very difficult to listen what the teacher say. The teacher is not good for expression.感觉老师表达能力有所欠缺，听起来很吃力，说话语速很不流畅，应该要好好改进一下。真想退款了The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It would be better if the assignments were not guided so straight forward.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good coverage of bootstrap, but the other parts were very briefly touched upon (nodejs, bower etc.)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish, the professor could pay more attention to from questions from students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although the course structure and information is great, the course exercise and grading organization has a lot of space for improvement. Current structure doesn't make it possible for the learner to determine the speed. All the parts are equally important. You have to carefully go through hours of instructions.Each week and the assignment builds on what you have done before, but there are no checkpoints where you can verify your code matches the actual expectations. This causes a lot of confusion.Peer evaluation rules are not shown before you submit your work. After submitting my work, I discovered that there are requirements that were not in the assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the course contents are great and understandable but I have a problem with the lake of details information the instructor sometimes forget to provide..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is interesting in the first weeks and at the time I did it I was living in a country that would qualify as subsistence marketplace so could see directly what was explained.However, felt it was a little rushed, repetitive and not very detailed or clear when it came to creating a business plan.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The contents of the course are definitely insightful and approrpriately based on scientific research. Dr. Greg Urban is extremely knowleadgeable on the topic.The reason why I am not giving the course a higher rate is because: 1) I find the pace of the course is quite slow, 2) the inactivity in the discussion forums and the lack of peer reviews in the assignments reduces its interactivity and 3) both the contents and grading system are very theoretical.Still, I would recommend this course as it provides a solid foundation on the principles behind the dynamics of culture.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Peer review is not best way to grade if requires some form of subjective judgement from people that maybe are not the very qualified to provide it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class had a lot of good material and it truly showed how powerful GIS is in analysis. My recommendation would be for this class to be broken into two sessions to really practice everything that was taught in the videos. However, I plan on doing this on my own through the GIS help boxes before I take the 4th class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
At first I though it was a very poor course but certain parts of it were gold for me and I got a lot out of it. I particularly appreciated the advice on how to improvise through out the course. I was less keen on the parts on modes and pentatonics but on the other hand for someone further along in their musical journey it may be just the thing. Although the course is ostensibly on the blues it also covers a lot of material relevant to Jazz.Pedagogically there were some problems.I think the course has way too much material and could be split into 2 parts each part maybe a bit slower.The presenter need to sharpen up his game a little as regards presentation skills, reading material of an IPad is not very inspiring. His English is not very idiomatic but that's not really a big problem. Written sheets with the changes and summarizing the lectures would have made the course better. Finally there are no peer reviews and all quizzes are theoretical - rather disappointing. I prefer a hands on approach with peer based reviews as in Gary Burton's course also on Coursera.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Five stars for the excellent teachers and content, but the course is not made for Coursera: very long videos, slides full of words, many references to the group work for the course at JHU, tiny quizzes and just two practical assignments. The format and the examinations can be definitely improved.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great content, but not delivered in a very dynamic manner so hard to stay attentive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course that lacked practical information on performing a meta-analysis.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an amazing experienceThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good introduction that bought in some new and previously visited concepts. I did find the course a little 'bitty' compared to other courses I have completed through Coursera, and the assignments were not very clearly structured.That said I would recommend it to anyone looking for a solid introduction to this area.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It´s very focus on primary teaching which is good, but maybe there is a bit too much of theory, I was expecting a bit more of practical resources about how to face a classroom. Good course anyway!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructions for writing the essays were confusing. The content was also a bit scattered. It was a little bit dto summize the main points of each lesson.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very helpful for people who are new to the field. However, I do wish many of the concepts were explained more clearly; often new concepts are introduced and no clear definition is given.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
One of the things that I didn't like is that I couldn't complete the course because, without purchasing the course, I didn't have access to the assignments / quizzes. But the content is good and the Geneva teachers are nice (specially Michel!). Also, some USB guest lectures are not adequate for this type of course, which is for beginners. Sometimes the guest lectures are not even related to the content of the modules where they are presented.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great subjects and some great teachers. But every now and then I missed some proper explanations.Further, reverences to articles and books to better understand the subjects were missing as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some very good explanations, especially by Michel Girardin. Some other courses lack explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learn some interesting things. The course gets better for week 3-4. However, the course could use better the Coursera format and strenght.The certified certificate is pricy compared to other courses.In overall it’s good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is comprehensive and the instructors have good teaching skills.The level is introductory.I would recommend this course to beginners with limited previous exposure to investment management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good basic understanding. However the professors can be a bit more professional, sometimes it feels like Im a high school student again, the way they explain things.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fine but the obligation to pay for reviewing quizzies is a mistake if the course expects to get good valuations (in stars) and promotion. There are similar or even better content available in other courses which are truly open and that request for payment if the student wish to get the certificate.Wrong positioning of University of Genève offering this MOOC from an economical point of view. They ask for more than others and will get less.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too theoretical and the subjects are not easy to follow.It should have more step by step and deep explanation (math stuff).The interest rates vs bonds are difficult for begginers, it should be transmitted in different ways.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
just a normal online course, the instructors are just reciting their ppt and prepared materials. Pretty boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course is a decent introduction and overview from a sociological perspective, of the city. It is well structured, progresses quickly, and begins to contrast the sociological analysis with contemporary theory and critical approaches.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Topic and approach are interesting, however the disturbingly-modulated voice and exaggerated accent of the professor can get a bit unbearable at times and make lectures arduous to follow and enjoy.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel like there's so much content in this course, but I didn't really learn anything...It's a lot of talking, ending with "go to the forums and ask your peers about all these concepts that you need to know but that I won't talk about."The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Strategic implementation, something that people generally forget about after creating their "marvellous" strategies and then watch them fail. This course teaches us how not to make that mistake.The course was nicely organised, though I believe the rubric for the last peer review assignment could do with a bit of tweaking. Rating on a 1-5 scale for about 10 questions clearly showed central tendency problems, as well as lots of subjectivity in the reviews. I hope it can be improved in the future!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Material was very good and well structured.I think that one main issue is the assignment. We would need much more info/hard facts to make it much more interesting (i.e. less theoritical).Moreover, assignments are reviewed by people 1/ who did not necessarily went through the 2 previous courses 2/ did not see our previous documents ie for course 1 and 2 3/ did not necessarily understand the question (one person complained because I did not answer the question "edgy vs. conservative" => I guess she was misled by the support info which were the same as for the first course).This problem could be avoided by offering a distinct case for each assignment, so that there is no confusion/mis-match.In any case, "mange tak" for all your courses. I went through 3 so far, and the ones from CBS are clearly the best I had (videos - content and speed - slides/ support documents, quizzes).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Shame that the format was changed and the quizzes and assignments were not open. Teaching was as great as the first 2 courses, and slides were useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting and informative, but the material seemed dated. The paper on Jihadi terrorists in Europe is from 2006, and information from the global terrorism database is from 2010, for example. Some of the lecture content also seemed years behind the times -- like the omission of any mention of the increase in terrorist attacks in Western Europe. (Yes, the lecture on foreign fighters was more current.)Maybe it's there somewhere, but all MOOCs should disclose when the lectures were recorded.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An interesting course. Could do with a bit of a technical overhaul as it feels a little clunky in terms of access to course materials and technical structure. Overall well presented and excellent content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In general good, but not updated - seems from around 2013, so the new developments are not mentioned.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good review of the theory but course is outdated given the number of events in the last 2 years that relate to the information provided in the course -- particularly as it relates to attacksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Theoretically the course is very lacking. There is little focus on the scholarly work in the field except perhaps the first few lectures. The content and scope of the course is too small. Overall however the content is good for a very basic introduction andThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Altogether a useful introduction to an interesting topic -- despite the generalizing approach and the sometimes conservative instead of neutral presentation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Average. Doesn't really like the Professor's style. He spends too many time trying to explain that he feels really concern about the victims etc. I feel that the content of the class could have been interesting but the organization was messy. Finally it gives the impression that academics know barely anything about the subject. I would have prefer a more historical approach. Overall i've watched all the content but in the future i won't spend much time checking for new Mooc from him. Thanks for the try thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very good to learn terrorism from the theory angle and believe the two groups should work closer.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a great theme, but at many points the course focuses on "who said what", regarding authors and papers, and emphasizes this type of question throughout all the tests. I think a longer course where these statements and papers could be properly discussed and explained would easily be a 5-star rating. The instructor clearly knows a lot on the subject and the material is top quality.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked the course very much, but it is brief. I think it will help us more if some topics are explained in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some presentations are too kitch.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very useful and well designedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel like the topic of technology is important, but important enough for a full course. I also feel more class management strategies for ESL classroom would have been a more valuable topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Appreciate this course a lot, it was crisp and to the point. Major focus was on using Design Thinking tool.The only downside was the lack of reference material. Course should include the slides that were presented in the video as well as some additional reading material (available for free)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provides a good understanding of the DT steps with concrete application examples. However, it requires additional readings to be able to apply this learningThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting course, but the evaluation process should be reworked with weekly quizz to ensure that the main concepts have been understood and a different final exam which does not assume that you already had the opportunity to apply and reflect upon what you have learnedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is made for managers who want to get on the innovation wagon.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is very interesting and I learned a lot about Design Thinking. However, the lecturer sounds like she's reading the text, which sometimes makes it hard to focus on what she's saying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could be less generic! The exemples are a little bit abstract, not much hands on or practical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would appreciate more practical cases with the detailed methodology that were applied. Also I will love external resources to study and examples of design thinking applied in different types of industriesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course videos are well made and insightful. Except for the very end there are no quizzes and assignments. This misses out what for me is a vital part of the learning experience, regular feedback and reflection.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course starts quite well but it´s awful at finishThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I audited this course. The videos are in fact useful. However, it would appear that the real interaction is reserved for the later weeks of the course. Thus moving from theory to application can be a bit abstract. Of course I did purchase the book and workbook created by the author and have found them to have additional material to support application.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is fairly good with weak story line and connection across the various modules. Also the lack of in session quiz modules or weekly quiz module to re-inforce learning is disappointing.It's also possible that i was expecting a lot from a course on design thinking and what it turned out to be was just a scratching of the surface of what the definition of Design Thinking is all about. Having read numerous books on Lean Thinking, Agile development, Minimum Viable Propositions, etc. I was really expecting a solid rigorous approach to the world of design thinking.This course let me down and I just managed to scrape through at the end...almost gave up.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great materials, great learning system! I could get some inspiration and learning, but i thought it was to short.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A very well-done introduction to Design ThinkingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I previously gave this course a 5-star review; however, upon realising that there is no way to access the classroom after receiving the final grade and certificate, I simply can't give it the same excellent review. I have no way of accessing discussions and my final assignment to see any feedback classmates have given. There is also no option to re-take the final assignment, which was peer-graded and I believe I was not properly evaluated by my peers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is pretty uneventful. I have done some courses from other universities, which are more interactive and fun. But the content is great!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very complete on it's subjects and points, but should have more slides and some times be more grafic about some examples, this makes the lessons boring and harder to follow because there is a massive amount of informations. Also have too much questions on the quizzes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interessant, but it wasn't organized too well. Some questions referred to topics which came in the next lessonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much theories ,I hope the professor add more programming assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was great. What I had a real problem with was the lack of response for problems with the Honors programming assignments. I never received any feedback from the TA's and when I submitted to MeTa support, they said the school design the programs so they can't help. I got a Segmentation Fault on Assignment one which I never did get resolved. Because of this, I was unable to get the Honors status.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
excellent material and great explanations! The main problem here is that quizzes will sometimes cover subjects not introduced until the following week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Ok. It was a rerun and there wasn't much help in the Forum and there were too few exercises. But it was really interesting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very theoretical and somewhat dry. If you are interested in applied machine learning techniques (for text retrieval and analysis) this is not really the course to take. Gives a solid background though which, in my opinion, every aspiring data analyst needs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I definitely would recommend more essential books and maybe TED Talks as well.Great books on communication were written by William UryGetting to YesGetting to Yes with yourself (essential book)Beyond Reasonhttps://www.amazon.de/Getting-Yes-Yourself-Worthy-Opponents/dp/0062390678/ref=sr_1_6?ie=UTF8&qid=1479132707&sr=8-6&keywords=William+uryThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course, but sometime it is boring since the introductor just read materials. Hope this can be improved in the future.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Effective but could be more detailed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative but not ideal for anyone not going into business.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The contents are OK, but the unity packages for the course are unaccessible(download speed is about 8kb/s and stops at 30MB, never able to download). Have left comments in the forum, but no one has replied.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good theoretical knowledge. The program create awareness about Marketing analytics, The program could be improved with more detailed examples across different industry. It would be logical to have a part 2 where theory is applied for practical learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good information a little confusion with the regression it's like doing algebra but I like the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It has great content.A good investment of your time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not bad by the nowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Quite informative about project decision criteria, gathering capital for firm, about mergers and acquisition and at last about risk management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course provides a good overview about virtual instruction and online learning for those who are looking to transition from classroom teaching. The topics are broken down into manageable chunks and a few interviews with other people help to add interest. However, when I wanted to go back and reread for clarification, I found the transcript to be poorly edited and at times almost unintelligible. As an example: iNACOL (National Association for Online and Blended Learning) is referred to many times in the video lectures and was transcribed in the text in a number of different ways: "Ian Nicole", "Inacles" and "iNickel." I really wish the people who put this course together has taken the time to read and edit the transcripts of the video lectures. Many sentences were written without punctuation or contained misspelled words. (enrollment was spelled enrolment) Often I just wanted to read it the lecture, not hear the instructor's voice but found the written text to be less than clear. I also wish there had been a way to ask questions regarding the material, but unfortunately, there was not, not that I could find. Finally, some of the questions on the final quiz are confusing. For example, question #5 " Which two of the following..." and then in parentheses it says to check all that apply. I hope this feedback helps to point out some of the problems that hinder virtual instruction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course for learning about the reasons, rules and methods of virtual instruction but I think some more interactivity and an increase in the number of in video quizzes would help. I also think more screen shots and a greater number of screen changes would improve the experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
All in all I liked the course, it's easy to comprehend and well structured. Nevertheless, I missed the lecurer, I'd really liked that the lectured didn't read the script but retold it in the camera, it would be more of a face to face communication. Besides, some interviews would be nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was a good course, a little hard to follow at times but very beneficial.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos talk about forums but there is no forum. It leaves the impression that the course was designed and then abandoned.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If the lecture had been in English, it would have been a lot more understandable. I had to read the subtitles to understand. It was quite good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some sections were rather basic, lacking insight on some topics. It may be suitable for people with incipient engineering knowledge but for the slightly trained a bit repetitive. Still, the lectures were quite entertaining and the approach taken remarkable didactic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice course for beginners that include basics of communication, satellite segments and services. Please include slides when the course reruns in future and additional study resources for better understanding of concepts.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I really enjoyed weeks 1 and 2. They were more business focused. Weeks 3 through 6 were super technical. All in all, it was a great primer for satellite communications. Congrats to the team!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Longer than it should beThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the content and the curriculum of the course is ok, the course is not moderated enough in terms of answering the questions the participants haveThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was very dificul, i think yoou need to improve the example you give the the students and be more interactiveThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instruction from the first three weeks does not sufficiently prepare me for the final project.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
One must have some R knowledge prior to take this course. I would recommend to take the other R programming course from the Data Science track before.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I feel that the training could be more extensive prior to assignments. The assignments often cause me to randomly search packages for correct functions to use and how to apply proper syntax, etc.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The instructors did nothing. They did not even respond to a single question through the entirety of the course. The information in the readings was helpful though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the video lectures less helpful with this course (than the quantitative course) and resorted to reading the transcripts in order to learn the important information. I did enjoy the assignments ( observation and interview processes) and found the application helped better understand the theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found this course very useful and would recommend it to friends if they are interestedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, but it lacks proper materials to come back to - slides are very heavy and not clear and transcript is missing connections to slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very convoluted; examples not so clear; still interesting and well produced.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a great course, however some practical examples to try would benefit usersThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information is reviewed quickly through the lectures series and it would have been helpful to have some practice scenarios before taking the quiz. It's more helpful to review different spreadsheet layouts to familiarize how variables are organized.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some modules are better than others. There is a strong emphasis in accounting rather than modelling, which was not what I was looking for.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was okay. It could be improved by incorporating some concepts and principles of a previous course, "Modeling Risk and Realities".The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has felt irrelevant in comparison to some of the other courses in this specialisation and this has a very narrow focus which doesn't help. Not all of us are accountants.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit less engaging than the other parts of the Executive Data Science course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was quite hard with all the statistical jargon. Too much theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Much theorical with few examples. Could incorporate examples outside the health world as well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's sometimes difficult to follow professors beacuse they take for granted information about the examples they use that is not evident for the learners. They should take a minute to explain a little bit more what the examples consist of and what are the charts they show. As it happens when Brian Caffo explains the blocking adjustments part.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I missed several concepts to better understand some of the discussions and explanations. It was valid, but I think the statistics background should be better explored.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some good tips, nothing terribly new for those who have had a course in statistics. Materials made easy to digest. The variety from the 3 instructors was nice. Missed opportunity: to combine the best aspects from each. The course notes were either excerpts from R.Peng's books /blogs (good) or automated transcripts (complete with typical AI typos... "wait" instead of "weight"). Some lectures were repetitive from one course to another. Slides with examples were useful, slides with clip-art and comic stips less so. Tries to be something for everyone. Would be better to aim either at former DS analysts aspiring to be managers or seasoned managers trying to better understand DS.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Brian tries to achieve too much in too little time. It addresses important issues and it gives a good overview, including some hidden gems (Machine Learning vs Stats, for example), but it feels mostly too rushed and superficial for my taste/expectations, and it fails to connect to my previous knowledge (and I have a PhD in Maths, although no strong Stats background), hence little added value for me when I cannot relate to what is being discussed.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Relevant materials, but lecture delivery is rather dry,The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Brian, Jeff, and Roger: Thank you very much for all the data science courses, really great. I generally rate them 5 stars. But for this one, I'm giving 3 stars, not because the content is not good (it is; it provides good practical and experiential information), but rather because the material seems repetitive at times either within the same course or with topics in the other courses. Also, the sequencing and lectures seem sometime a bit disjointed.May I humbly suggest an idea: Integrate the key points of this course relating to real-world examples and the sharing of real-world experiences into one of the other courses.Thank you.Robert Al-Jaar, PhDrobert.aljaar@rassociates.bizThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures themselves were OK, but presentation needs work. Intro session was very repetitive. Lot of jargon introduced without explanation. Pop-ups w text showed up but disappeared before I was able to finish reading them. Best part of course was actually the text notes at the beginning of each sesssion. A minor nitpick: course description suggests that there are 3 instructors presenting, but I only saw one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The video quality and content were good. Unfortunately, there were a lot of spelling errors and grammatical mistakes in the written portions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The information presented was interesting, and the instructors were engaging. However, I had major issues with the translation. It was completely literal, and often translated in ways that did not make sense. If I did not have a working knowledge of academic French, I would have been lost. Also, many of the test questions were unclear and did not follow best practices in test taking.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very interesting course, providing a descent overview of the whole water management and policy question. A lot of interesting examples are provided to illustrate the different points and various experts are interviewed throughout the course. I still believe though that the general message remains very generic and would benefit from further technical details to go more in depth. Also, the English subtitles do not always exactly match the oral French version.Finally, the marking only based on quizzes that can be retaken several times makes it very easy in my view. I believe that assignments that would require more involvement from the students (e.g. maybe group assignments with other students?) or applications of the course concepts to case studies would greatly enhance the quality of the course.Still, it remains a very interesting and well dispensed course!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Since I'm working on water modelling (computational fluid dynamics, programming shallow water simulations), I thought it would be fun to learn more about the political side. However, this course has very little in-depth information (pun not intended) and I would like to know more about the actual tools used to design water policies. Though the course is most likely too easy for most university students, it is also very abstract and I would have liked having to do a little more thinking on the real-world examples myself.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So first of all, the material for this course in the bookdown document are very good - well structured, with good sources. My concern is that the Coursera course does not go a lot beyond, basically just referring to the document and adding quizzes + graded assignment in the last week. The assignment, however, is nice and challenging and requires people to understand the materials.Also, the course covers other great packages than ggplot2, e.g. plotly and leaflet and methods for handling spatial data. I think it would be very nice if the students were challenged in these topics as well and evaluate them in a better way than just a quiz (programming assignment for instance).I liked the course though and I believe it can be prepared even better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its good to get started with server side development with node.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great introductory course, however, there are some anti-patterns taught (e.g. mongodb unbounded arrays). Also, there is no testing frameworks used - and this is a big missing element for modern careers in web development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It provides good resources and code, but if you get stuck, there's no help. By the time one gets this far the participation has plummeted and there's no mentors or instructor help. Very frustrating to get this far only to be stopped because you're on your very own.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Super basic! The instructor goes super slowly and spends a lot of time on unnecessary stuff. Each video can be down in half the timeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great contents as the rest of the courses in the specialization. I'm afraid I need to be a little bit critical with this one though:1) The contents are really jammed into 4 weeks - The last week's contents are actually some kind of miscellany between mongoose, https, authentication and BaaS2) Not a single quiz or self-evaluation of sorts along the course - To be completely fair, the exercises shown along the way might make up for it. Still, I think it's important to spread some quizes around so as to make absorb the concepts more effectively3) The quality of the presentations is somewhat lower than other courses. There's even a video towards the end of the course where a Linkedin notification springs up on top, which even makes the presenter pause for a few seconds.Don't get me wrong, I really enjoyed this course and definitely appreciate the effort put into it - Given the newly introduced Coursera fees, I'd expect much more quality in place to make it 70 buck-worth, thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I don't like the fact you have to pay 80 dollars just to unlock assignment submissions. The fact that other students have to grade each other is not worth the 80 dollars. Think of all the students that may attend the course will more than cover the server costs if it was 10$. Otherwise, the class so far is useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not a very good course. The assignments are not very clear. Could have done much more like integrating front-end etc in place of that loopback module. Was really disappointed with this one. Should have given 0 stars but gave 3 stars for Jogesh Muppala as he is my favourite teacher when it comes to MOOCThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments took me much longer than the suggested 3 hours. Every task depends on having completed the previous task perfectly. My assignment in week 4 passed the end to end test perfectly on my local computer but failed the grader. I traced the problem back to a tiny typo that I made in week 2 assignment. (My heart sank when I saw I had to reuse my week 2 work in week 4 as I knew how much messing around I had done to get that one through the grader - I knew it would give problems)As there were a couple of mistakes in the course (for example if you follow the steps in assignment 3 correctly then the final rspec would give failures - obviously this wasn't picked up by lecturers) it creates confusion and doubt as to whether you have made the mistake or the tutors.The course content is good but the assignments need to be shorter and more forgiving of mistakes (i.e make the individual tasks independent of one another and pass if you get 80%). I am not sure if I will continue with the specialisation right now. It seems more suited to someone who is studying full time and not someone who is working who has limited spare time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course although I did struggle through the very last assignment. The first three were relatively ok, considering I'm new at this but they did take me longer than 3 hours to complete. The last one took about 3 days!That being said, if the rspec tests weren't being run in dev mode, it might have been quicker. I had to move "ENV['RAILS_ENV'] ||= 'test'" from rails_helper.rb to spec_helper.rb to get stuff working.Without my ruby on rails hubby, I'd have been lost!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good homework and good examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had initially started the course in order to gain insight more into the role of wind energy, the operations, the components and financing behind it. The course was a little heavy on actual mechanics and turbine output calculations. Would've enjoyed a more descriptive course with more emphasis on the financing and operational side as well as how the wind facilities fit into the grid. That said, it does provide a great basic overview of the concept and the mathematical side is still useful, particularly if interested in the engineering aspect.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well structured, and the contents are exposed clearly. Probably one of the main problems of the subject "Wind Energy" itself, is it covers many disciplines (Aerodynamics, Mechanics and Machinery, Structural design, Electricity and Grid connection, Financial aspects...), so a 5-Week course had to be quite superficial to cover each of this aspects minimally. For my expectations it was a little bit too simple, but mostly the quizzes were too easy. The hints after the quizz questions were solving the questions and avoiding the beautiful part of the quizzes: playing with the formulae, and interiorizing it.All in all it was a nice, enjoyable course, but sadly I feel I didn't get deep enough in many of the treated subjects, even for an introductory course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall informative. Some parts of the lecture was confusing for beginners. The voice needs to be a little louder.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Needs improvement a lot I think.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course but a little more detail with better referencing to links and documents would be more helpful. Also, a little more in-depth info for each topic will also be well appreciated. Overall a good course for beginners like me who knew nothing about Wind Energy before taking this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's globally a nice course, although you have to keep in mind that it is more like an introduction to the topic rather than a real, full course. I was quite frustrated from time to time that some important and difficult points are not really justified or explained in details, but just given as assumption or obvious concept: If you are familiar with that concept, you will be fine (but probably won't learn that much), while if you are not you will be probably lost. I mean, for a free course this is already a pretty nice job, and I think it is worth to take this course. I would be for sure ready to pay something to get a longer and more detailed course on this topic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a bit ambiguous the way it teaches a way to apply accountability, sometimes it is sometimes is not, it all depend on the circunstances.I recommend try to focus in the fundamentalsonly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For beginners it's a 5 star course, once explains a lot of really too basic information and the instructor is more like a buddy than a teacher.Intermediates will literally fall in sleep, because of the excess of basic explanations and no intermediate or advanced explanation at all.As an Advanced, this course disappointed, not only because of lack of important information that not even in forums was answered, but it depends too much of the good will of mentors assistents.One big fall in this course is that's only in video, so no option to do it while in motion, like in a bus or any other noisy place.A bigger one is that's totally dependent of others students to give the grade, so you stay hostage of others and the instructor or mentors do not care about it.The biggest fall is that you will always pass it, once you can try some many times as you want, so eventually, you will pass, so the grade is just formal, not serious.The good side of the course, is that it seems to be very completed, so you will learn all the contents you need to work with AngularJS.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I really enjoyed the first module, I was less impressed by this one. Have the course is very basic, while the rest is just too brief and not practical enough. I will however continue with the courses and expect the next module to build on the one reviewed here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just wish to have some concept check before taking the quiz.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There were some useful examples in this course. But overall this course and the entire specialisation rely too heavily on Excel which seems a bit outdated when data sets are so much bigger these days (than the ones in this course). Based on the requirements of companies hiring data and business analysts the expectation for anybody who wants to work in this field is in at least one or more programming languages.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall it is a good course, however, despite assuming minimal knowledge of Excel Statistical Modules, it offers little insight and practice. I would prefer a more in depth approach (for the advanced), or more exercises for those getting familiar with spreadsheets.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course could work better as either a longer course with more examples, exercises, and step by step instructions in excel, or as a smaller part of the first and third courses in the specialization. The content is good and the examples are properly explained, but it probably doesn't warrant an entire course of its ownThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was not challenging. Could raise the difficulty a little.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is quite basic and sometimes the quiz can be a little confusing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit boring – way too basic. And I expected it to be a bit more systematic – simple (and quite fragmented) examples around one case... Could be a bit more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most suitable for people who have had very limited exposure to spreadsheets. Anyone that has spent considerable time working in Excel will find this pretty limited. The final portion of this course (Monte Carlo simulations) was the most interesting part, as it got into the more statistical functions and the Solver applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was useful, but the quizzes were frustrating. Whenever there is a write in answer for a quiz question, I know I will get it wrong. Even though I am certain my answer is right, it never gets recognized as being correct.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course covers all the necessary theoretical basica of statistics and modeling but isn't very helpful in terms of practical implementation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent introduction course however examples are very simple as well as the models that are constructed. I understand being an intro course the content needs to ease people into the subjects however, more realistic and real-life examples are necessary to take the material from this course and apply it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course does not make you learn spreadsheets in detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fine but very short videos and lack deeply explanations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too superficial in the discussed ideasThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Few tools on Xls has been shown.More extensive and complex problem are required on use of Monte Carlo methodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good course, with quite a bit for a newbie to learn. Would have appreciated more in-depth examples in the lectures though, as I often found a gap in the lectures and the questions asked in the quiz. Even otherwise, good stuff.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The slide set is too brief, was expecting more details with examples & visualsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exercises should be better designed and I think that first week of this course and the whole previous one are too basic. They could be assumed for 99% of people and I think it would be a good idea to create an optional preparation module containing them. That would save time and perhaps open opportunities for more advanced material to be included.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very brief and basic introduction to spreadsheets. It was surprising that the "pivot tables" was never mentioned in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Is not as bad as I thought at the beginning (the first two weeks). It gets better the third week. I think it needs some improvement though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Wharton's online MD can not have a course so poorly develop (lectures vs quiz vs material)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good course. The quizzes should be corrected since some questions are ambiguous.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecturer was very slow, and some things were not explained very well (while very simple concepts were often over-explained).Also, I'm quite sure there were at least 2 errors in the weekly quizzes. One that comes to mind is a question that had identical options for two of the multiple-choice answers, but only one of them was correct (50/50 guess, more or less --- I had to take the quiz 3 times before I guessed right!).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Many errors in the quizzes made this course a disaster, although the course staff was eager to correct them as more complains in the discussions arrived. Being the second course in the specialisation, it doesn't actually live up to the expectations as it mostly covers the very basics of the excel functionality in terms of modelling.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit too basic at the beginning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall the course was good, but the quiz assignments need work. When entering formula's there should be more clarity. Formula's can be entered in many ways and even when right were often counted as wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
What to say about this course? On the one hand, I learned a lot which merits the three stars. On the other hand, the quizzes were very poorly designed. It took me the maximum three tries on every single quiz to pass and I did just barely. Hey, this is EXCEL, not advanced calculus! Also, there were questions on the quiz that weren't even covered in the particular module. E.g., on quiz #1, there was a question about "objective functions" which the instructor didn't explain until the last course module. There were times when I questioned my own sanity until I read in the course discussions that others were experiencing the same issues. Before presenting this course again, TEST, TEST, TEST the quizzes and answers!! And if you're not going to allow for a range of correct answers or formatting variances, then change all questions to multiple choice where there's (maybe) a fighting chance of passing. I am immensely relieved this course is done and I can move on to the next one in the specialization--hoping it's better organized as was the Fundamentals course that Richard Waterman taught. I was fearful that a course in Excel was going to doom me for the rest of the specialization. Last recommendation: improve the presentation materials. Provide more details for reference purposes. Okay, I'm going to go relax, now, to recover from this trying experience....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was very average to me. Compared to the first course in the specialization, Fundamentals of Quantitative Modeling, which was absolutely great.What I liked:Good info on the tools in excel that are needed.What I didn't like:Time spent on content that necessarily wasn't regarding models; the critical material was buried in videos and was very brief. More time should have been spent. Additionally the quiz questions were subjective at times based on what was said on video and the formula answers weren't correctly graded in many cases.This course could have been much better, maybe I was just spoiled by the first course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It seems to me like the course could have like 2 or 3 times more video concerning tasks requiredThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course needs tremendous improvement. In contrast to previous fundamentals of quantitative modelling module, this lags in lot of areas. No clear explanations and the quizzes are worded super vague and filled with with bugs. I expected a lot under Monte Carlo Simulation. However, too simplistic example and explanation was presented. The topics were not introduced clearly.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The professor of this course expects you to read his mind too much, preferring to skip through explaining his reasoning for solving some problems, such as calculating risk with the Empirical rule. He also mentions subject in the course outlines which he is supposed to lecture about in the course but doesn't, or just expects you to learn it yourself.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A separate class for spreadsheets and modeling isn't bad perse. The best way to teach these models is to integrate them during finance or accounting, or whatever specific class you are trying to learn.That said this is probably a good resource for someone with 0 and I mean absolutely NO experience with excel. However my gut feeling also tells me that those who have had 0 experience with excel will not be able to follow the models shown in this class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The exam answers were not clear.... The were questions not related to the videos. This was an excel course and no excels were available to download, just PDF. In the other two courses (Quantitative Modeling and Accounting Analytics) the excels were explained and available for download. This was an excel course and no excels available.....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the SCRUM, XP & Agile Practices can be better explained. I have expected a few more things here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great methodology, timing and very good teacher.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is well structured and Prof Muppala presents it in an interesting way. The range of technology covered was good and would be useful. The CapStone Project timelines are not realistic at all - one has to start implementing almost from the word go, the artificial interim reports are distracting if one does not realize that and I think many students are forced to a second session to complete the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a nice course to review good work habits, but it mostly states the obvious.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information for the absolute novice in time management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This a decent course, perhaps something I should go back through and do again.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Only for beginners in time management who know nothing about time-saving techniques. It is very easy and repetitive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have not really improved TBH.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a short and good course. It has videos of good quality, short examples and talks. Every week it has lecture slides, articles about the week. But It was really short and contain too little information and subject. I hope that you will add more information. It was helpful to me and I hope that It help more to another students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course to hone time management skills!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Helpful tips, but this course should be free.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too basic and too easy but helpful contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are some good tools to use, but the information presented it really just an overview and there isn't much substance to it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information and advice. I wish it was more comprehensive though. It seemed to just give an overview of each topic discussed. More detail would have been nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's quite a simple course. What I was impressed was the supplementary reading linked to an online article - you are not doing things by saving time but the time will save itself if youThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Better to provide real life case study example that shows how people using a particular system can really be more productive than beforeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was easy to 'complete' the course, but I have failed to implement its suggestions. I think I will have a better idea of what to do once I actually follow the techniques.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This was an excellent course, but rather brief. The information was easy to absorb. There is a lot of value to taking the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It has few content, should been more complete.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very useful ; but can be more fruitfulThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need more hands on activities.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More examples for different levels neededThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course has help me a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was interesting to learn on how to better manage my time, although was too theoretical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not much usefull to the realityThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it's a quick efficient way to know some trick if you are an absolute beginner, now if you have some knowledge or already read a lot of articles about procrastination Etc, it won't help you discover new things, or tips, it's a cool way to review it though. (There is no science talk at all here...)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
this course helped me so much in realizing and organizing my time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topics are all very basic and the audio/video is sub-par, but the course offers a coherent overview of the core topics of time management and several useful tools and resources together with a few pointers to relevant literature on the topic, such as David Allen's GTD.Applying all of the techniques presented in the course is a surefire way to enhance one's own productivity both at work and in the private life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easier than expected. Much was common sense, although it was well put together.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It highlighted some bad habits in my life that I can try to eliminate in order to improve efficiency while providing better habits to replace them with. It's also a fairly easy course to complete (you don't even need half a day).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the best quality of this course is that it is a short course, which bolds the most important facts in our mind. It is not like that we don't know them at all, It's just we don't pay much or enough attention.I start using this method from today and I hope it goes well !You should try this course, I think it worth it !The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A nice short course. I would have liked it to go a little more in depth. I don't think it provides more than a simple youtube-search could. However, the lecturer is very appealing and credible. Maybe there should be more in the "suggested readings" so people with the interest could add to their knowledge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good course with good assignmentsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is not bad, but I felt that it was just a collection of common sense advice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Honestly I really already knew most of the things in this course. It was nice though to receive it in a academic setting. Was hoping to gain a little more skill from the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Few good ideas, too much repetition of the obvious.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but very high-leveThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It do not not applies to everyone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but a bit simple if you have any previous experience with or interest in managing your own time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am thinking that the teacher can be a little bit dynamic and energetic.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The presenter was good but the course was too basic and barely an overview. It needed to be longer to be worth itThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A few helpful tips but most of the stuff seemed like common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More interactive and dynamic videos would be bettThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would give this lecture a three because it is a very independent and useful course, but I feel like the presentation skills could have been improved upon and found the information very dry. I really liked the intent and where she was going.It was easy to follow and complete, although there was something missing for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So far, its good and simple, this course is for those who really want to make practical impact in their lives. So far so good!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
gave us many skills to save our timeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The theories are perfect, but a little simple for those who have already known them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This might be just a personal opinion, the tips given in this course are rather intuitive. I happen to use the techniques explained in the course because they simply seem logic. Still for unorganized people it will be useful, and is clearly and well presented.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of helpful information and tools to use were provided from this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is an easy but useful class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good and useful content but some problems in vidsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is for newbee only. If you already spent some time on topics like time-management or personal effectiveness you probably won't get a lot of new knowledge in this course. But for the beginners it is ok.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a very short, but useful and highly practical course. It will help you think about your work habits, as well as introduce you to an array of tools to analyze and make changes in whatever areas in your work or personal life you believe should be more productive/fulfilling. It's very light on the theoretical aspect, but it does offer you some food for thought. And Ms. Meloni is a delightful instructor -- she actually makes you wish the presentations were a lot longer than they are.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course I liked it. Very usefulThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found the modules repetitive and felt the course could have been shorter, but i did take away some useful tools and it did reinforce some good practices i was already doing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good course that gives you a general idea about how to manage your time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a very short and informative course, but it focused more on professional life than personal life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was nice experience, but to be hones I expected more information about this topic and that is the only reason I didn't give 5 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher seems really nice and explains things really clearly, however the content of this course is not as helpful as I believed. It gave me a few new techniques to better administrate my time, but nothing that will revolutionize the way I work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This class was more so tailored to those already in the work force rather than those in college, but it gave some helpful tips.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Awesome, straight to the point and full of great new ideas, I just wish it was longerThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Actually I think this course is a little too easy and not so informative.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think that's a very good programme and a professional instructor .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's alright, but could be much much better. I didn't feel engaged and half of the time I was just wishing the video would just end. The course itself highlighted some good ideas about saving time and prioritising, but the way it was presented just fell short for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It covers very basic concepts of time management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is definitely beneficial to a certain extent but I thought that it was a little dry. However I really enjoyed the time period of each video, as I am the kind of people that tends to get a restless when the teaching gets too longThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is very basic, it should have more in depth topics or maybe it should be within a specialization of a complete research methodology, but thanks, this is a great help.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's look very very basics, i thought to get something more informative..The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice course but lot of troubles are arising during the completion of this course. still i am unable to complete it and could not find out the reason. Once i got a message that my course is completed and i can get my certificate but now it says still assignment pending... i dont know how to deal with it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The organization of this course was very good. I liked the themes and their order. I thought the videos could have been longer and more substancial, but the reading were great. I got confused on one of the assignments in which the questions of the given chapter were supposed to be answer. There were 3. I must have misunderstood or have another file, because no one I read had such question and I got not so great reviews. I think this should be looked at. Either way, thank you for this opportunity!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good. I found the information in the videos valuable, albeit short and leaving me wanting more. I suppose that's what research is for. In general great and short course to get one on track with research methods.Take this course, as it is good.So why three stars?I know it is a long review, and feel free to remove it from the list, if you deem it appropriate. I have learned a lot in the course, and it is a valuable experience still.My problem lies with the design of the course, that seems to have started with great vigour at then lost the steam at the end. I would like to suggest few pointers. Especially since the presenters have another courses in the catalogue with similar issues.1. Help learners to focus - Body language, and position in the room. Standing in front of windows with the traffic outside may seem a minor thing, but it detracts form you and the content. As a course designer it is a responsibility to set it right. Same applies for hands in back pockets, posture when sat down, lens flare etc.2 - As instructors you have offered very little teaching. All was left to the guest speakers. All very good and knowledgeable. Some graphic and own mini lecture would help to establish you as experts (not that you are not, but we would not know that from the videos), rather than mere interviewers. (Summary of what was said).3 - match the video and e-tivity focus. And think about the accessibility of the material to your learners, especially if no previous knowledge is required. Week three was about managing research and planning. The reading, was surprisingly different (week 4 activity would be more suitable here) and really hard to access to someone, who hasn't done much reading in theories of knowledge etc. This would be more accessible as a guided lecture and quiz, rather than 400 words response.I hope I was not offensive to anyone. I was trying to help you to help us learn better, if that makes sense.MThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Instead of interviewing different people, it could have animations and infographics to explain the research methods.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Came to know some basic research strategies. Enjoyed the assignments. Good course, catered for grad students but Undergrads can also benefit from the Reading material provided.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should be renamed as Basics of Research Method.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
so interesting and they got a very talented way of teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some parts were good but overall the course was lacking in its ability to add value. There were generic discussions. Week 3 was almost useless; had it not been for a good reading provided for an assignment, it was too basic.Add some specificity in the course or name it Basics of Research Methods.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The overall premise of the course is strong. Although I found the instructors and guest speakers extremely knowledgeable, quite a bit of the material was repetitive within in each week's video clip content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
course content was great, but I felt like the course left me hanging....The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's great to understand more of research methods in application, but I wish there were more resources provided to supplement our study. In general, this is a good course for those who start thinking of doing research in the futureThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was of great help. It provides valuable insights to engage in academic research. However, I rate it only with three starts because I think it is too basic for the complexity involved in real research. Also I think some ideas provided in the course could be better organized. For example, in week three, the topic was understood to be something like "Management Skills Applied to Research" but the material pointed to something totally different. All ideas presented were great, but I think it is just matter to clarify better the objectives in each week.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is very short to feel like a real class. Video Lectures are too short too. I liked the readings.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did like the course, it was informative. However, there didn't seem to be enough interaction with the professors themselves, and the grading by peers didn't make me feel like I really deserved the grade I got. The quizzes were also really easy, which again, made me feel like I didn't deserve the grade. It would be great if we could have at least one short paper graded by the professors themselves with a limit of words so it wouldn't take up too much of their time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a well thought and masterfully set of lessons on the main principle of journalism: it talks ethics starting from maybe old concepts that surprisingly are still fitting today.Being a basic course, it is very easy to follow and finish. Quizzes are alternating between very good and very bad. Tough ethical decisions and a space to discuss them is a really great thing, but peer grading two phrases essays with only the ability of telling yes or no doesn't make for a good use of the crowdsourcing the very course is advocating.The videos seem to have been made with an indecent knowledge of the technology, especially for journalists who are supposed to use it daily; green screens were used so badly as some parts of the professors "spark white", and slides are often cut away and put back in view while the teacher is talking about it, which was downright infuriating.It still qualifies for a very good opening course in journalism, but needs serious improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little bit to basic and some informations are useless beause they are part of the common knowledge. I also find quite a few technical issues when trying it in the first termin.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is a good introductory course, but the technical aspect for this module is bad...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
really interesting but also really difficult to finish the assignment. it would have been great to get a sample assignment just to get an idea of how it could look likeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course, but I think the previous courses of the specialization are better organized and structured than this one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
So many valuable information in this course.But professor can surely present it in better way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excel seems not like the ideal tool for portfolio optimization. A business plan or a net value calculation would have been much more in the spirit of this specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The writing instructor is great, and the ideas are good. I didn't like the interaction sessions with the other two instructors, i want to learn about writing not hear about other stuff or listen to some folks at a cafe. I thought it was a waste of time. Also, I didn't like that the example used was a memo for Coursera about their own course! They could have picked something more interesting. Good ideas, not ideal execution.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting topics, however, still basicThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
If you are not familiar with AI, you can learn its basic ideas in this course. However, 1. No moderators or teaching assistants answer questions in the discussion forum. 2. No slides are provided for preview and review. 3. The lecturer is very good, but the contents are basic. More state-of-the-art, practical materials would help a lot. 4. Some vides are too fast to follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
In my opinion, the final exam was weak since it was compacting the quizzes throughout the course. The content could be 50% theory and 50% practice which i consider that it was more theoretical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments should be flexible, i.e we should be given the score based on what we have answered and provided an opportunity to re-take them if we have to improve the score further instead of having a strict policy of getting all the answers correct in order to complete an assignment.Further the lectures were as though the faculty is reading out from a board in front of them (with an exception of Frederik Krebs), and thus many concepts were only touched on the surface. For people with not much background in organic chemistry understanding PEDOT:PSS and other chemical components we tough.A suggestion would be to increase the class duration and explaining the concepts in a more clear way.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
scarce material for weekly studyThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I love the scale-up part of the course. It gives me a great insight of upscaling of solar cells. But in general, the course is lack of content in depth. I would prefer a more hard core course with detailed explanation of the working mechanism of solar cells.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too much practices and industries, but a little about the theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a good introduction to Organic Photovoltaics. The instructors have done a good job to present a rather complicated topic in a manner that is accessible to a common audience.However, there are a few areas of improvement that can be noted for future versions of this course:First, All material is given equal priority in the course. I think what the instructor can do is to summarize the important "take aways" at the end of each video lesson. This helps the learner grasp the concept betterSecond, The explanation can be a little clearer - especially the topic of polymerization. Someone without an organic chemistry background, can find it frustratingly hard.Third, the tests are sometimes not in line with the previous video lessons and the reading material. The tests should be much much sharper.Fourth, the reading material should be improved vastly in terms of English quality, structure and presentation of key points. Sometimes, the learner can find it hard to understand some topics (ex: stability and materials) because it is inadequately explained. These topics should be explained better.Overall, a great start - but can be better. Well done and Thank You!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I gained a lot from this course, but perhaps not as much as expected even considering it is a fundamentals course. I had hoped to learn a bit more depth, rather than the few basic concepts actually covered. That being said, the instructor did mention at the very beginning which aspects would be skipped and which would be covered, and those covered were covered very well, with the possible caveat that the instructor tended to teach as standard methods that were her preference or background. Additional research on my own turned up a wider variety of PM techniques that were not even mentioned.Overall, worth taking, especially as a very basic introduction for those who (like me) had no previous PM experience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
helped me to get some basic knowledge on Project Management processThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I did learn the basics, but will need to go on and learn more in depth. I'd also like to have more written materials to go with the videos. I know I can download the video transcript, but what I'd like is actual handouts that are organized. I am more of a written/visual learner and need to read to retain information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very eye opening. videos were very clear and the explanations were clearThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
hiits a useful course but its too basic.ThanksThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its a very small and easy courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit short and shallow. Focus is definitely on project planning and not so much on project management.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course shares a lot of valuable information but could use a good deal of refinement. I really would have liked to have seen downloadable PDFs with the diagrams representing different models so that I could easily go back and reference them without having to find the particular moment in a video where it was shown. I also wish the videos were designed with better instructional strategies--the best Coursera courses (like those from Northwestern's Kellog School of Management) introduce material, expand on it, and then summarize the most important parts in each video--this helps the learner Here the learner is on their own. There's a lot of great information to pick up on, but some retooling from the UVA Darden School of Business would be greatly appreciated improvement.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The speaker was very difficult to follow with dialogue flow, random pauses, and stumbling over words. The rate of the speaker's speech was also very fast. The material was very useful, and informative otherwise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Exams are not very good - some ambiguous, misleading or wrong-data questions/answers.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pros:Basics were explained well.A good kick start for beginners who are travelling towards learning Project planning and management.Cons:Wish we had assignments to practice MS Project to a certain extent.Some of the Quiz questions were confusing (Esp. the 3rd week quiz)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good closing course but peer reviewing and no prof is little untraditional.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good to be able to apply the lessons from the individual courses in one, single project, but I missed having actual teachers to review my work as wellThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Even do the Research subject was very interesting, this capstone was a total disappointment.The Capstone did not offer very much support and the final review was performed for peers without previous knowledge and experience, receiving peer's complaints due to the fact that many got bad grading.Also, many peers complaint about the image of the Specialization Certificate for not being designed professionally and many felt that they petitions where overlook.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the capstone project had peer reviews, requesting you to consider executive feedback, otherwise i am not able to actually judge the quality of my workThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very nice and interesting subject. Updated information materials. Peer reviewing is not sufficient for grading a Capstone Project. A raw case + hands-on quizzes would help frame/evaluate the capstone project, instead of having a dedicated Wharton personnel to grade presentations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The peer review is not a good idea for this course. I expected to have valuable inputs from Wharton staff to my submission.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is OK but too broad to get actionable learningsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful. I feel some areas such as strategy, getting to MVP etc could benefit from more case studies and materials to work through. The overall content of the lectures is good but to internalise it there needs to be more 'work' for the students to engage in rather than just a quiz at the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very simple and basic ideas of growing a business. case studies are a little bit outdated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Unfortunately I can not deal with the professors voice.The content is good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I found it quite interesting, suggest to make the lessons a bit shorter.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic of capstone is great, but the milestones, and their APIs direct towards bad solutions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good project but instruction is a bit draft. Probably because I joined their first ever one.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Too fundamental, too easy. No depth in mathThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As a guy from Machine Learning field, its models and concepts are so easy and simple for me, so it's lack of challenge.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course is helpful as a refresher to econ and business students who took some statistics in college. Someone who has never taken such courses will probably find this course much less helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a quick run-through different types of distributions. I found it useful as a recap of things I learned in high school (!) and there were some additional insights. However, I think this course might be hard if you never did any more advanced (high school) math.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I was expecting the course to provide insight on how to use spread sheet and its respective formulae in mathematical modelling.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was an interesting module, however, not sure how I will apply this inThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should be lab or hands one calculation exercise.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was theoretical but provided an apt understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
most contents are explicit on ppt, it is sometimes not necessary to view the lectures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I believe this was a very good course for beginners. However, from Wharton, I would have expected more realistic examples. I would have also liked some hands-on assignments. But, otherwise.. Great, great course from a beginners point-of-view! Thank you so much!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
too easy. not enough practical skills or tools teachingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the lecturer is kind of boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Felt a little rudimentary until the last week. I hope the specialization picks up after this point.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The materials in this course were great, but some of the math was not properly explained enough for the individuals to be able to see how the formulas were derived - especially some of the basic calculus and the regression materials. I believe it would have only added 5-10 more minutes in one or two modules to do so since there were so few examples given (This could be covered in subsequent courses within the specialization - I am not sure yet as I will be taking course #2 in the specialization starting next week). Otherwise, this course was a great overview of the types of models used.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice primer for modeling, but wish there were more workable problems to help hit the point home.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would have liked the quizzes to explain why an answer was right or wrong.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecture is clear, but it's a fundamental lesson which could not learn many things, just theories. Furthermore, I suggest that there should be solution hints for Quiz, because students will be frustrated by not knowing the answers and not knowing how to fix them. In addition, the discussion broad is a little bit cold and lack of mentors to help students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too basic, but still good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introductory course but it would have been nice to see a bit more of the math behind the models. I don't think the assessments were worth upgrading to the paid version of the course though. They were basically memorization and regurgitation directly from the lecture videos with very little, if any, thinking required. A bit disappointing from an institution like Wharton.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
please improve hand-out for self study.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Assignments should be evaluated for all users (unpaid ones as well) like it is done for other Wharton courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was a good refresher of mathematical and statistical concepts. I found the mathematical and statistical concepts applied to modelling interesting. I never knew that what I learned in high school in the past can actually be used to come up with models to solve business problems. Some videos were a bit long though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understood the point that in script writing matters more than theory but I don't think that it's right that all marks I got I received from other with me with zero feedback from lectors and teachers.Definitely I wouldn't pay for sertificate but as first step and making some ready draft for further polishing the script this course was enough. So from one side it helped me to move forward with my idea but on other hand I didn't get any professional feedback and advices from teacher. There were some very useful comments from other students but I also need some help from people who are real professionals in it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I loved the course and content, but, found the process cumbersome. I think that some of these issues have now been addressed and should not present a problem in future programs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I like the course, it is pretty good to learn screenplay, butThey need to explain a little some topics that new writers maybe don't understand. Submerge more in some topics and explain it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The selection of content is very good. Yet, the course requires solid amount of polishing. I had a feeling that the real teaching started only in the 4th week, with lots of walking around the subject in the beginning. Worth to mention that in contrast to the first 3 courses in Scala specialisation this one is very heavy on visual aspect. You actually have to see the picture, as the voice channel just references it.I can certainly recommend this course to people curious about data analysis. If you have had some experience and would like to try Spark or get better at it, then probably a good book can save your time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a really excellent course. It deals with difficult content clearly, thoroughly and at a good pace. I would now be happy to use Spark in my work and feel I have a strong base to go on to further study. The exercises are well conceived covering fairly realistic use cases and are of about the right complexity. BUT, the feedback from the automatic grading really lets it down.The auto grading tests are at too high a granularity, each test tests too many things. They give cryptic errors such as '<some random element> is empty'. You have no idea why the element is empty as the students are given a different dataset to the one tested on. Moreover, the failed tests are invariably nothing to do with learnt course content, but trivial rounding/formatting errors. The forums are a lifesaver, but I still spent a good two weekends working on bugs once I'd got the assignments 70% right. I would not recommend to a completist!All the same, thanks to Heather for the wonderful work she's done putting it together and the excellent lectures she gives.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I understand that creating such a course is a tremendous amount of work. Let me congratulation the developers for all their hard work. I learned a lot. I'm glad I good the course, and I'm speechless that I finally finished it with a passing albeit imperfect score. This was the maiden voyage and it has some problems that should probably be corrected. That's my opinion.There were generally two sets of challenges with each assignment exercise (1) undemanding the scala/big-data component, and (2) understand what's being asked. Sometimes the comment in the code are wrong or misleading. In particular in the 2nd set of exercises. The functions are very poorly specified, and there are no unit tests. there should be one or the other. Without a specification the user cannot write his own tests. In addition the 2nd exercise is intended to be do-able, but not efficiently until the user views week 3's videos. Because of this the text output is EXTREMELY verbose, making it impossible to read the error messages and understand them. When the user finally submits the assignment it fails and the grader gives misleading error messages. A failing unit test should at the very least explain what the test was, what the measured value was, and what was expected. This is especially true when the user is forbidden from looking at the actual testing code. An additional problem with exercise 2, is that the student is asked to calculate a particular percentage, but it is not explained what this is a percentage OF and there are several ways to interpret it. I didn't realize until wasting 2 weeks that there was an alternate interpretation which I could try.In the 3rd exercise some of the comments in the code are wrong/misleading. Particularly with regard to classifiedColumns. comment #3 should read:* 3. other activities (leisure). These are the columns starting with “t02”, “t04”, “t06”, “t07”, “t08”, “t09”, “t10”, “t12”, “t13”, “t14”, “t15”, “t16” and “t18” BUT EXCLUDING those which are not part of the previous groups only. Otherwise the sentence is at best grammatically incorrect, and at worst misleading.Another significant issue with this "Bit Data" course is that it assumes a user understands data base and can construct sql queries. Well, such background is not a prerequisite, but the student needs such information to successfully finish the exercises. I can understand the temptation by the course developers to include a section on SQLspark, as this is a very powerful set of spark libraries, but I believe it is beyond the prerequisites. I could not have finished the course if I hadn't had an SQL/data-base expert in the same office, who I could pose questions to.I hope you find my comments useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information, but a little rough around the edges, possibly due to being its first time out of the gate. Should be amplified with additional weeks of topics, e.g. on Spark Streaming, etc.The Grader often returns opaque errors ("The Grader Failed"), when the actual problem was that the program ran out of memory or out of disk space. Grader can reject solutions, e.g. on the last assignment, if the programmer uses a different rounder implementation that returns subtly-different results, though the results print out as the same to the rounded degree of precision.The Grader should be written to accept results that are "acceptably close" to the desired result, e.g. if the desired result is 34.1, to accept perhaps numbers between 34.099 and 34.101 -- perhaps consult with other course-runners for best practices here.It might be helpful if the course provided a quick intro to running the assignments on DataBricks.Good first effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was interesting but it was clear that it is the first iteration. The course seems rushed, there are not very clear explanations on certain areas. Mostly, I had problems completing the assignments based on what I've learned during the lectures.The previous courses had difficult assignments and you had to think about how you wanted to do something, here the problem was using the Spark API and understanding things which weren't explained in the lectures. Also, not all the areas of the assignments were described.I am sure the course will become better in time.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material in this course is very interesting. However, there were a few important issues:Lots of typos in the slidesLots of problems with the assignmentsAt the end, I feel like a beta-tester (it would be OK if it was clearly stated and if we had a discount).It could also be nice to add 1 or 2 weeks to this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course took a lot of work to create. I would have like more quizzes during the lectures and the assignments to have walk through the steps more. The best course I have seen online is the Machine learning course by Andrew Ng. https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning/home/welcome.I did really enjoy the course. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures are great. Explanation are very clear. Assignment was having issue like incorrect and/or vague reporting which made them needlessly painfull. I'm quite sure that the next iteration of this course can get a 5 star rating, but for now, it's only 3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
They do learn you about validation. But the spoken language is not that great and the steps are way to quick to do this in practice yourself. The help is also a bit shallow when doing the actual tasks. It's a good course if you want to learn about it and have a case as an example, not great if you want to simultaneously validate your own startup.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a very basic introductory course. You can't actually expect much from this anyway. You really need to take the full course to evaluate if this is a great one. I did have learned something new but I'm not yet sure if it's useful or not. Guest speakers invited to this course do share some valuable ideas. For the main instructor, he's speaking really slow which can make you feel bored. However, it's reasonable when there is a big and varied audience on coursera because not everyone can hear a quick speech. I'm going to continue studying the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought this course could have been more engaging. I quickly lost interest when the second course module repeated a large amount of content from the first module--I think a better overview or editing approach could have fixed that. I also was disheartened with the "just around the corner" sales-pitch refrain in this course "in your next course, you'll have access to...". It didn't help maintain my interest in the course I was taking currently.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is really insightful, however, the instructor does not really dive into the details of most things. If you are paid learner, its better to get the whole specialization if you really want to get the gist of social media marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course in informative, but not very, and it is rather boring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very basic dive into social, feels like it was structured for an older audience.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is quite short (videos are usually only 3-7 minutes long) and therefore could be completed very quickly and/or need quite little time investment. I did not like that they do not have any written materials cause at some points they go over written slides very quickly and it is tricky to follow and understand. On the other hand, there is a lot of repeats and therefore you will understand everything in the end.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Decent coverage of the basics, but some of the data, tools and approaches used are out of date by 2-3 years which is particularly troublesome in the fast-moving social space. For example, they rely quite a bit on data from 2011 and 2012 and from social tools and reports from IBM.For someone completely new to the social space, this could be a great starter class. Just be sure to do your own research to supplement the data and be sure you're current.After grading assignments by other students, it was easy to see why the discussion portions of the class were flat: most either didn't invest in the assignments or didn't understand the materials. While I have found the discussion portions of other MOOCs to be equally interesting to the class material, I didn't have that experience in this session.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a nice introduction to social media marketing with professional insight from Randy Hlavac. I felt the content was a little too basic though.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the professor was a little bit dry and repetitive but otherwise the content was interesting!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An okay introduction to the specialization; hopefully, the future courses will get into more detail.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would like more content from this module. It was very slow to take off, especially week one. It was easy and enjoyable though. I would have liked it to be more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction. But it feels like it is not complete. It is not much without the other courses so you either take the entire specialization or the benefits are not that big :(I feel like the specialization courses are an artificial break to a real university class... if the university class had only the content from those videos, that would not be enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
need to be more advanced even for a beginner.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is an overview of SEO and doesn't go into a lot of detail of how SEO is actually implemented on the site. What it does do is offer a snapshot of the industry as a job outlook, discuss Google's algorithm impact on SEO practitioners, offers interviews with current SEO analysts and experts, and describes how content affects SEO. I recommend taking the more practical courses in the specialization to get skills needed unless you're an absolute beginner and have no clue what SEO is.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More on the history of SEO rather than tactics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Felt that the first week, how to get a job in SEO should be the last module. Unsure the value it has when you don't even know SEO at the level one would need in order to get a job in SEO.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative, however a bit too detailed on the history of previous search engines and past Google updates. Could've done with a bit less history and more up to date information.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Almost nothing relevant to start working, but fine.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content is good but there is no practice whatsoever. So much theory can become boring at times.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Perhaps a bit too basic (and thus boring). But holding out hope it'll prove to be a good foundation for the rest of the specializationThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good information presented, but I can't get past the outdated teaching method of using the first 45 to 60 seconds of each video to talk about what the video is going to cover, then spending 30 seconds repeating those bullet points at the end of each video. Some videos are 4 minutes long, so more than half of the content is not actually content, it is essentially the instructor reading the outline for the upcoming content. It's a waste of both instructor and learner time. There are errors in the materials, and since there is no instructor feedback/interaction, there is no way to find out what was meant (including in reading assignments). All you can do is submit a ticket to get it fixed and hope that it gets corrected for the next people who take this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish if you could accept the submission of answers without upgrading to enroll for payment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Distracted, useless info and short (finished in 3 Hours)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice intro course. A little light on content but I still learned a lotThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Student should be able to see results of test ( at least quiz 1 and 2) before we decide to purchase. Overall the course was easy to understand and follow. I look forward to taking to others in the series.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Clear but a bit superficial. Hope the rest of the course will flesh out in more detail the various topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Just bare essentials , can be found online in other places for freeThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am disappointed by not being able to do the assignments unless I pay for the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great lectures. I really enjoy discovering the world of the teacher and friends. I'll give it 3 stars since it doesn't arrive at an awe inspiring conclusion or life changing experience as somebody interesting into these subject would expect. The part where our own importance is challenge is enlightening. Cheers to the good professor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The beginning is well prepared, interesting and informative, the end is undercooked, subjective and repetitive. Be it 2 separate courses, I would rate them 5 and 2.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the course material and the idea behind linking Buddhist concepts with psychology; I just found some of the videos a little dry.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Loved the professor. Do not like essay questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An interesting class but left me wanting more. I realize that this is an overview but the field of secular Buddhism seems very shallow. After going through this class and reading three of Steven Batchelor's books I have the distint feeling that I may have reached the end of the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The Professor is excellent. I enjoyed this course solely because of Professor Wright. If you have a positive outlook on Buddhism but do not know the ins and outs of the religion/practice I do not recommend this course. I have a totally different outlook on it now that I wish I didn't have. It is interesting information but the essays are in depth and difficult...and there is no chance to even purchase a certificate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nice but demanding course. No course certficate is available after passing the course...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
interesting course way to feminized. It did not take into account that women can also be violent, if not more so. It only focused on the fact that men are violent and almost no discussion of women being violent towards men.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting for US-Americans or people who are interested in US-American Epidemiologics. Very US-centeredThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
You should skip module 8 from week 3. You can't work along because the website parse.com do not accept new members....Don't rush to purchase an apple developer account!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was not as good as the first course. I found myself typing codes mindlessly a lot and feeling the guilt that I'm not learning a lot from the app I'm making because there is too much coding going on and it's not clear what's more important. The final exam was too easy (almost a joke!) and it didn't help me figure out if I actually did learn something by typing out all these codes. I would like more lecture, snippet of codes and explaining what they do and have us fill out part of a code by thinking through as oppose to typing out the whole thing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Course quality went downhill, compared to previous course in series. No 'teacher' involvement in comments / questions. Mistakes within quizzes. Both practice and rated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good, but too slow at times considering it is just a high level view of basics. Distractingly weird hand gestures.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
she can go in depth more and give us more and more information. but still, i like it.thank you courseraThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great case study, but the way to engage the audience might have been way better. Assignments were individual and it was very difficult to use them at full power, because they were quite boring. Interaction with other learners would be very beneficial in a form of group assignment. Videos are very boring and useless in comparison to incredible content in the first 6 courses of the specialization. Capstone should have been done by the same (high) standards as other courses in specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit too much useless mumbo jumbo, that can be concluded in a few sentences. Good for those that are new to videomaking, and good for some classic movies mentioned in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I think the teacher is an expert on the matter, this course what somewhat less structured and clear as the other courses in the specialisation. The teacher covered a range of topics, but didn't provide clear frameworks or structures for how to deal with different issues. I've done the three prior courses of SEO in the series and they were extremely clear and have a lot of valuable tools and frameworks to work with. I would also have appreciated some discussion again about metrics in this course - specifically related to content marketing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall a decent course to audit, but I think it was almost too repetitive and lacked a lot of substance. It would have been nice to really focus on great content types, versus share, share, share.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting but not much of the science behind it was included, personal choice, but I prefer more why with my what. Good tools.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Most of the information in the course are available online but still this course will help you align and organize your diet and exerciseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good information and resources provided. Unfortunately if you don't pay for the course you have no access to the assignments. This is the only course of several that I have taken where this is so. Surely, those non-paying students could still submit assignments, it is possible in other courses why not this one?The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good course, I would just do some things a little differently, for example, I don't agree with weighing oneself daily.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good for a beginner. If you never read about weight loss anywhere, this course can help you. It provides the right guidance.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is about computational neuroscience, it is not easy, and it requires knowledge and passion of mathematics and biophysics of neurons. If you are just interested in neuroscience but it is not your specialty (like me, a medical student), then this course is not beneficial for you.Prof. Segev is so knowledgeable and I think he tried his best to make easier but as I said it is difficult if you are just interested.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some interesting parts but quality of visuals poor and presentation sufferedThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is really good but the test questions are very theoretical. They dont test the understanding but the learning capacity of the student.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting much to be learned and topics are open to much discussion. Some of the presentation need to be simplified and shortened. Repetitions tend to lose emphasis of the main ideas. Additional literature is welcome. But, to those of us whom love science and specially 'Brain mysteries' this course is a different perspective from those physiological or pathophysiological brain courses. Theoretical ideas of the brain are not easy topics; but it does make an interesting discussion. Thanks for the effort and the course is appreciated.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't expect all that math and equations in a course about the brain. But it was quite informative nontheless.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The quiz questions were not clear enough sometimes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I have some suggestions:1. Use consistent English throughout the course due to this is an English class.2. one "upload" button is enough in the assignment . . . so it doesn't confuse people3. Specify the minimum grade to pass the assignment if it 80%, then say 80% . . .However, overall the course is good, and I love learning other culture! Kind of a new experience for me. Thank you very much! ^_^ Xie Xie . . .The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good but it has too much Chinese, and I'm not Chinese.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would expect less mistakes in english. It would make a better impression.The course content was well-thought and well-balanced, the professor had a great way of presenting the material, but the english language part needed some editing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a good start up course to learn about tinkering fundamentals.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is excellent, but there is mistakes in quiz and the forum participation is null. Professor nor your staff reply the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting subject, and well-produced videos.The assignments are however arbitrary and ill-defined, leading to wildly different peer reviews and many who have completed the assignments correctly to be stuck in a grading limbo.Would not recommend at this pointThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content is really an interesting topic that I'm sure a lot of learners with enjoy. However, the way it is presented needs a lot of work. First, the slides are not masterfully made; proper word count and transitions are not applied. Second, the length of the lessons are not conducive to learning, it needs to be trimmed to shorter lessons or even be cut. Third, it is repetitive and there's too much focus on the unnecessary, the lecture needs to be reviewed. Cracking the creativity code is an interesting topic. However, the lessons were not presented creatively enough.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
One of the best lecture series for beginners like me. Some of the statistical concepts should have been explained better, but once you get past that, you appreciate the logic in the trading system.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very factual. Hard to grasp and follow.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is excellent, but there is mistakes in quiz and the forum participation is null. Professor nor your staff reply the forums.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit complex topics for just an introductory course.Nevertheless interesting explanation on CAPM and ABT.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the technicalities are not elucidated by giving practical examples in simple terms. For example, the FAMA FRENCH model has been explained thoroughly but not told how to apply in real market. Also , how to calculate the expected returns from a stock has been taught using beta , but whats the duration of the returns if one buys the stock in the middle of the year.( for example I calculate returns of a stock Q using CAPM and I get 15%, then how should I interpret this in the real market scenario where I am investing in the middle of the fiscal year.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Although it delves into key elements of trading where it really matters, course lacks explanation on some subjects. Course progresses monotonously.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really interessant, I will like more practical examples to complement the theory.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Skillful instructor, but terrible technical setup, and plenty of faults in the lecture slides in the videos. Also the audio-quality is poor.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An excellent course for students that require, or want intricate detail on the subject. Not really designed for casual interest, more likely for the philosophy major. Presented very clearly and the discussions and material were interesting. Would have been four stars but the final quiz was excessively difficult.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hoping that the next sections won't be so laborious and focussed on analyzing texts in detail. If you want to know how to do such things, then this would be a 5-star course for you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Dr. Sinnott-Armstrong does an amazingly thorough and detailed job, and the progression of the course is well planned and well executed.I wanted to give the course a higher rating, but unfortunately, the good doctor's explanatory skills only served to confuse and frustrate me, the further I progressed through the course. Extemporaneous examples were unintentionally and unnecessarily muddled. There were numerous misspoken or confused terms that could easily have been re-recorded or edited. And the splicing between the old course and the new one is sometimes discontinuous (though, to be fair, they warn us about that at the beginning).Nevertheless, I would still highly recommend the course to anyone looking for a thorough-going university-level course in critical thinking, and basic argumentation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good introduction for "beginners", aka people who are not involved, educated or interested in public health, healthcare. Alternatively, seek another course because it is very simple.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Videos with guest speakers were unhelpful. Also, quizzes were not accurate and poorly written questions.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
OK, but not really in-depth. Still has useful pointers, but they could be summarized on an A4 sheet.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great content, but there is no point to keep automated-grading closed for auditing students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
visualized examples? - good content but lacked engagementThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very simple overview of the UX process.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a useful if superficial introduction. The concepts presented are pretty basic, but foundational. The quizzes are very easy.The instructor covers the topic in a pleasant and clear way. I would, however, have liked examples of a more visual nature (show don't tell).Ironically, the course materials show disappointingly little concern for user experience or design. The slides look like they were thrown together in a rush and without much care for design or even spell-checking. The quiz multiple choice answers are laid out in an awful, confusing, anti-UX way. Someone should spend a few minutes fixing all of this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lean too heavily towards theory instead of practice. I do think peer-graded assignments work better than quiz in term of UX lessons...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A little too common sense.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the course is basic, the tests don't test user concepts (for example the order of the 4 step design process is asked 10+ times through the 5 modules)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good base to start building a siteThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos did not seem very interactive. The teacher just read the slides. Good as an introduction, but not very hand-on course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not the best one on coursera. Included many details that are not really relevant and quizes just checked if you memorized it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Doesn't tell much about Android or iOS in detail except their features and comparisonsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Expected more technical details of this course. Seems like it is more for managers to understand what the techies are talking about.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good lecture and educational.Extremely bad thing that is not offered and for free.same bad is that they are not try to explain more, (for students with less tech skills).In any case i am happy with the course and i will continue with the specialization, but regardless my decision to continue, my very fair rate will stay low, (especially for the fact that they didn't offer the course and for free).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
the lecture gave industrial terms and key words which is good but it is mainly reading from the slides, no elaboration or illustration.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While informative I question the value of memorizing release years of os updates. Then again, it was an easy entry into the broader specialization. I think it is always a good thing to ease students in with a less challenging intro course much like a video game begins with an easy level and slowly gets harder.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Informative summary of smartphone development and pertinent technologiesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's a good explanation about the technologies used on smartphones but it mote a comparison of what we had and what we have now. It's nothing really new and fundamental for this specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good structure but a basic course.It´s a good compilation of information about iOS and Android.I think that some generic informations should be also consider on this course no matter if it´s iOS or android.Some videos explaining the features like (gps, siri, multi-core processor...) would be good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Will knowing the stages of emerging technologies help in the real world applications? There is no conclusion if knowing accomplishing anything.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Well presented and clear,. however, the course is more a history of smartphone operating systems than emerging trends of the technology.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Basic but interesting for novices.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It definitively could be a whole lot better, look and learn from Udacity's nanodegree.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The contents are not updated to swift 3 and Xcode 8The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course should have more programming assignments than just having simple quizzes. And please update the language for SWIFT 3.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall the course provides a good introduction to the swift language. However, this course is not suitable for completely new learners.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
An ok introduction to Swift Programming, but I can see people who do not have previous development experience struggling with this course. Also lecturers were virtually nonexistent on the forums to help with questions which is disappointing since it is a paid course which implies you are paying for their time and effort not just the certificate.Best advice for people taking this course is to get through the material as early as possible and give yourself as much time as possible to work on the project, don't wait till the last week to work on it.Would also suggest the following changes to improve the course and help people understand the material better:1. Have a programming exercise to complete at the end of every week to prove you have understood the material taught, a quiz alone with 10 or less questions is not enough. The course ramps up way to quickly with the project if all you have been doing is following the videos, students should be practicing and proving they know the work far more often.2. Provide a clearer project brief since it was clear many people did not understand all the requirements.3. Provide a video of what the final project should do in general to make it even clearer.Overall I didn't have a bad experience with the course, just disappointed that it was really bear bones, there were too few opportunities to prove your understanding, it was poorly managed and the lack of interaction from the lecturers a massive problem when they are being paid to help out, not just provide videos and forget about the students.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good course. Somewhat odd levels of difficulty. Like the weekly lessons are easy and then the wall goes up in the task at week 5.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teaching content is not at the same level of what required to complete the final project, which frustrated the beginners and also stop me from finishing the whole course. What a pity!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The videos are poorly done, and it's hard to follow with practicing in a Playground at the same time. Also, some of the optional material, is required for completing the assessment, which a bit unfair. The material covered in the videos is too basic to be able to apply the principles to a larger programme.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Enjoyed the lectures. I wish there would be more materials to practice with.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There are only a few hours of content across the five weeks. The whole course can be done in a single evening. However, if you try this starting from no programming experience it will likely be extremely hard to complete. Since the course has as a prerequisite that you can already code this shouldn't be an issue for anyone.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think its good that its given reference material for further readings, but this shouldn't exonerate you from explaining the details of the language, if I wanted to learn swift from apple's documentation I would be there right now, not here, if I'm watching your course its because I expect to learn it here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Thank you for the course.With all my respect to authors, I have something to say:I beleave all 4 cources in the spesialization could be combine to one. Looks like authors may invest more time and passion to it. I just skipped all videos with Parham Aarabi.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Far less staid than some of the more traditional academic teaching formats in this science field. I was surprised I actually anaged to get through the introductory module but by the end of the course I was less inclined to want to attempt the end of module project simply because the instructions did not really provided sufficient indicators that guided newcomers to the subject of programming but in this science field it seems that is the norm with many introductory programming courses.Maybe the people teaching have forgotten what its like to start at the beginning and recall a time when they thought surely there is a better way in which to teach this subject that makes the connection between theory and practice and the relative interconnection much like bitesize stepping stones links a more plausible and achievable option for those unfamiliar in the field of computer science. Not sure why this aspect seems to fall short in CS but for some reason it does.I should imagine this course for many people who are either familiar with the fundamentals of programming and/or aufait with CS concepts on the whole and have already acquired the necessary basic skill set / knowledge base of programming, will find the subject and teachings rather informative and a move forward in the development of programming languages as the format in writing programs does depict a much simpler approach when compared to other languages.Sadly, for a complete beginner to CS this, in my opinion, fails to sufficiently guide or assist newcomers in building the confidence to later embark on a project that draws on the subject topics taught thus far and to that end its a bit of a shame as it tends to dampen your enthusiasm if you are interested in the field of computer science as that lack of clarification on what aspects relate to what factors does not become clear so when faced with the daunting task of the end of module project you may find yourself non-plussed wondering which topic relates to which task in the final project?I am sure other people will be inclined to disagree with my opinion on this but this is, after all, just my opinion, after giving the subject taster a try, the end result for me, was that the teaching methods were good as they appeared more relaxed and format was offered in a far more enjoyable way of teaching/learning a subject that, I felt, attempted to invoke or entice people where an interest in CS had been sparked and was perhaps aiming to offer a route in which to build the foundations of a programming language but then by the final week it was a case of well we have thrown this information your way, its now up to you to decipher what you need to apply to the which part of the final project and is done so under the guise of problem solving.The latter being a plausible concept I would find perhaps more applicable later on in the specialisation as you develop knowledge/skills. But to be incorporated into the very first module of this pathway it seems doing so is, what it seems like most introductory programming courses invoke, and, is quite a leap to embark upon especially without first being offered stepping stones sufficient enough to feel certain you have adequate understanding to be able to sift through the information provided and subsequently decide upon which aspects are relevant in order to attempt to accomplish the tasks set that ultimately form to complete the final project.Its actually through being guided by the experts whose teachings highlight to newcomers through practical visual sessions where we actually begin to learn where these interconnections link between these chunks of informational topics - all of which form the essential fundamental building blocks - and in so doing, that perhaps perceived initial 'spoon fed' approach then enables a newcomer to build sufficient skills and knowledge to then be able to actually 'develop' their confidence. Without the essential basic foundational mixture how is it possible to engage newcomers enough for them to determine when they will then feel equipped to attempt a final project? This stepping stone approach is surely the most effective way to equip a person new to a subject field so they can then broaden their knowledge base. Alas, in CS it seems the falling flat on your face so to speak is a preferential approach to learning in this field of study.Its such a shame these highly intellectual people who create these courses forget what its like to start at the very beginning and the time it takes and guidance needed in order for a person to be able to feel like they are ready to dive in and give a topic like this a whirl. Like I said, its only my opinion but this is where the interconnection and building of the knowledge base falls short at an early stage of development.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good introduction, it would be even better with a few more presentation on SWIFT.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'd like to have practice tasks during the course not only the final oneThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I didn't like very much the two teacherThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The format and structure of this class needs some improvement. Having to write some code each weak would be better than answering quizzes and doing the first lines of Swift at the end of the class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Went in a slow pace. Enjoyed the modules, especially final assignment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very well organized, but the main topics of the course were still covered. The lessons needed to be more structured and not so ad-hoc. The final assignment was peer reviewed, but the feedback (based on student feedback) was not very useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Somewhat useful, but suffers from what seems to be bad planning and a general lack of focus.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course really need examples in final assignmentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Professors talk too fast and in an English for those who do not speak often difficult. Extra Stress: swift and EnglishThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Tedious introduction, delayed second week. Hope that the following section will be better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A resource if your starting with Swift. Video quality is often poor. Examples are a bit too contrived. Generally, presentations should be better prepared, too much figuring things out during the video. Good choice of project for the practical.Many interesting coding practice tidbits along the way but needs polish.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is OK, the video quality is regular and the instructors are childish. I prefer the Android specialization where the instructors are more mature and professional.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the evaluation methods just allow other people how doesn't do to much work to just pass...The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hope recommend some more readingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought this was going to be a more comprehensive course about crowdsourcing and using social media to aid the design process. Maybe I missed something, but it fell a little short of the mark for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The teacher is not very good at explaining things in simpler terms. The lessons were kind of hard to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There was a lot I liked about this course, especially the weeks focusing on background and theory. However, about half the course focused too much on the software that could be used for systems analyses in public health. I would have preferred more of an overview of systems thinking and less diving into the nitty gritty of technology. The other systems course (Systems Science and Obesity) seemed to balance these aspects much better - and moved the technical aspects to labs.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I had rated the course earlier but would like to amend my statement. By some uncanny chance, I have just managed to pass the final assignment on my fourth try, which means I have passed my course. I still believe my original observations are valid. Thank you.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Could have made it more interestingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The content from the instructor is very, very brief. Maybe this is just a simple introduction course but it also seems like the topics are covered in a very vague, abstract way with little exploration on a deeper level. The assignments are really good though, great projects for sparking the creative process.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The assignments and theory are interesting enough to get you started on world design.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Easy to follow and well-packed with good information and tips, but I would like to see some kind of quiz-function along the course to test the knowledge I've been learning.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is fun but the content is too general. I like to know more methods and technics to develop a game world, considering genres, mechanics and gameplay options.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is ok, but it doesn't give any certificate of completition for free users (something that many other course do give).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Useful but as with the first course of the specialization very light on contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I wish the course would give me more structured information and examples of applications.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Short, simplistic. Could be done in a week. Very much a beginner's course for those who have not mindfully observed the game worlds in which they play. The student may come away with a few new ideas and the greatest value is in having peers review the homework assignments. Worth the time, if you quickly breeze through it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I am all for short videos but here it is a little bit too short... Tehchnically there is about 1h of videos for the 4 weeks of this course and no real documentations to review.Hence you get few pointers on how to design game wold for video games and really case studies in my opinion... A full review of one or two games would have been a great addition.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
May be we need to more videos with good examples of the topics covered, I mean good examples that go beyond the basics about topics such as buffer overflow and cross site scriptingThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first three weeks are really interesting. The 4th and 5th are boring: it explains too many arguments in givin just hint to many of them. Many videos are too long and there are too many.In my opinion they should focus on fewer things and explain them in ore details. Many times the lecture becomes just a list.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
There should me more topics on secure code review methodsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The first half of the course was great but 2nd half was a bit disappointing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Excellent content undermined by technical problems. The non-multiple-choice assignment (which involves analyzing a business plan) is particularly annoying. It requires uploading of screenshots but there is no "upload" feature is available. The assignment must be graded by "peers" -- which means, if you happen to take this course at a time when no one else is taking it, you're out of luck.Re: content, I would discourage you from taking this course if you don't speak fluent French. Indeed, you even need to understand how the French sometimes mis-translate into English, because some words in the answers to the multiple-choice quizzes don't exist in any English dictionary -- you will only understand them if you can guess what French term inspired the bad translation. The pace of lecture-hall-style discourse in the videos is such that subtitles will not save you if you don't understand French.These technical and minor content issues are unfortunate, because the core content i s really quite good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A bit disorganized and rambling lectures. Good contentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Maybe if you're just starting out and using the same software as Prince Charles, this class would be more useful. Even so, the audio on this has got to be fixed, especially since this is an audio class about mixing!I learned a few vocal layering techniques, but this is a really beginner class and is very DAW-specific; if you aren't using the specific software, the information here will only be valuable for topical concepts. Because if this, watching the videos aren't much help visually, but then it's an uneasy listen because the audio levels in the videos are so uneven, that you can barely hear the professor's voice on a common speaker, and then you get BLASTED when he turns on an audio clip.The way he explained things also felt a bit slow and dragging to me. I teach young children, and it seemed reminiscent of the way I have to talk to them sometimes. Then there's this really awkward and long interview with his musical colleague (week 4) who didn't seem to know much about what he was being asked, and while watching their conversation, it's totally apparent in the professor's face that he wasn't getting the output he wanted from the guy.Thanks for the vocal techniques. I hope this feedback is helpful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
lessons seemed to be very simple,The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a course for those who have not spent any time delving into comparative religion and testing their own traditional (family taught) belief systems with thoughts of act versus "trut."The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
not bad but not excellentThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It teach us how to run calculation in excel. It does not teach how to do calculations to decide a specific SAA, how to pic stocks, how to make decisions in real life.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The previous 3 courses was pretty good, but the assignment is tooooooooo easy, and this course has lot of redundancy, which i think it is not necessary, but overall, i think it is goodThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would prefer if the course lasted 6 weeks so we can get a better understanding in theory and practice every single bit of the code. It was a nice ride in general and I liked it. The last exercise was hard, it could have been a little easier.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Eh, not great to be honest.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I thought the videos and interviews were great but I would prefer these separated from the lectures on tangible material. I kind of feel like the course was rudderless and just gave some headlines and then said to go figure it out on your own, but be inspired by all of these extremely successful people. I would like to see the course get into more depth, for example where to start on market research. Where to start on budgeting, and how to go about developing some of these specific business aspects. I enjoy shlmo's lectures but just wish some of this course "zoomed in" to me and seemed too "zoomed out"The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some information must be changed because offer bad view. In last 50 years some states got independence, some states do not exist any more and staff must be familiar with that.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The topic is very interesting and the instructor is sharing some interesting data, however I found the way she talks too exaggerated, and the end it sounds like lot of empty phrases, not giving me anything I could put into practice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Concepts weren't explained properly. The instructor was going too fast.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Material was interesting. Did not enjoy the teaching method of Prof. Caffo. Very scripted and skips way too fast through some of the equations and R code he's trying to teach.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
More visual explanations would help with concept. It is good where there are them, but not so good where there isn't.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To tackle such key concepts and tools of statistics, you need the appropriate time. Too much material covered in this course. I tend to think that revising the approach to this course as two 4 weeks modules would allow to both go more in depth at a more appropriate pace.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I'm in the data science specialization. Statistical Inference was my 6th course. All of them have been on a spectrum of good to great. But Statistical Inference is a mixed bag for me.First, if you are thinking about this course, take some time reading the other reviews. I find many of them resonate with my experience leading to 1/5 stars.One reviewer who gave 5/5 stars said they loved the course. They suggested that other reviewers who gave low ratings are ones that dropped out. I don't find this to be the case. Many of the low rating reviewers actually did pass the course and said very similar things as those who did not pass the course.Another reviewer enjoyed Brian's dry humour. I must have missed the jokes after watching each video 5 times...For the record, I almost aced this course. The reason for not getting 100% was because I was so annoyed with one of the quizes that I didn't bother taking it again to correct it. I decided living with 8/10 correct questions was better than having a stroke while in the pursuit of two extra points. Yes, that is how much I hated this course.The first 2 weeks of the course were the worst. I dropped out for about a month (because of life priorities). Then I couldn't get motivated. 1 month turned into 2 months, then into 3 months. I basically took the entire summer off. Finally I bit the bullet and completed the final 2 weeks. The 3rd week of the course wasn't actually all that bad (though the quiz was terrible). The 4th week felt like the first 2 weeks...terrible.(By the way, it's a mistake to take such a long break. I had to re-watch the first videos to recall things for the remaining quizzes).If you don't have some sort of statistical knowledge (or inherent aptitude), be prepared to work four times longer on the course. For all your quiz and assignment time-to-completion estimates, multiply them by 4 or more. Seriously, I spent probably 10 hours on the final assignment which said it should only take 2 hours. Each quiz took me an entire Sunday afternoon (My partner was not pleased).Now here is where things get awkward. I hated the course .... BUT....I learned things that actually stuck. So in THAT regard, I give this course extra stars. It accomplished something that some University courses could not. I even found myself USING the new knowledge in real world problems. So ironically, is that not a sign that it's ...dare I say...a GOOD course?Would I take the course again? I actually might, but ONLY because of its place in the overall certification. If you are a prospective student wondering if you should take the course as a standalone course, I don't think I could recommend it, because there are far better ways to learn. In fact, just doing the Swirl lessons could be good enough.If you are a prospective student and you want the certification, then you'll HAVE to take the course. Why are you even bothering to read reviews?So I'm giving the course 3/5 stars. If I gave it 1 or 2 stars, my review would be clustered with the majority. If I gave it 4 or 5 stars, I'd be lying.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Learnt many new things. It was good.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is of course my personal opinion, with all due respect for the Tutors. Plus, it has to be noted that I am writing this as a Mathematics graduate, and this course was most probably not meant for people with any background. However, I have seen similar opinions from people like me. Probability calculus and statistics are both enormous areas of mathematics. Introducing them in a 4-week course seems a really bad idea to me. The probability part was in my opinion far better than the statistical, the origin of every new concept was clear. In my opinion, the optimal solution for the course would be to create a separate, longer course in PC and stats and require knowledge of the two for taking Data Science Specialization.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The ideas and concepts explained here are really important but are explained/written in a bit messy manner.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
These are complex topics, and just the quick overview doesn't fully explain them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Indept videos and materials should be provided for this course. The lectures are not enough to understand the Statistics involved in data science.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is a very quick run through of basic statistics and not very intuitive for people without much statistics/maths background. The swirl exercises is a very good practical learning tutorial that supplements the course, but overall it still lacks on the conceptual aspect. Personally, I have to occasionally refer to other basic statistics materials to be able to follow the flow and understand the lectures.For the course project, there is a huge discrepancy in what the project expect the students to perform and the peer grading criteria. As a basic statistic course, the correctness of the estimation/ calculation/ assumptions is integral in any analysis but the grading criteria mostly neglect all this aspect. Hopefully the course admin can rectify this aspect of the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
To be honest, I like the subject but found the course material and content not very well structured. I missed more mathematical foundation.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It felt like there were a lot of jumps between basic statistical formulae and abstractions thereof. While I don't think it was inappropriate for a course on statistics in itself, it felt rather out of place in the rest of the sequence of this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
3.5 - Good, but I feel some of the explanations were over complicated a little compared to other coursers such as openintro to stats. Overall good experience thoughThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Brian Caffo is explaining the Statistical Inference methodically, but he could work on making the lectures less tiresome and monotonous.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The sections on bootstrapping and permutations were great! The instructor does much better, information is easier to follow (better and slower explanations), and the instructor is more engaging when he is not reading from his notes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Nicely outlined and broad in scope, but Brian's presentation is kind of dry. It often appears that he is reading off a script, and sometimes his emphasis on technical details takes away from ease of understanding.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Materials need to be updated - there are way too many inconsistencies between videos, exercises, and slides.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is good, but not very challenging. Anybody having done any course in statistic would have little to no information from the first two weeks. Only week 4 was interesting to me, dealing with boostrapping.The teacher is very clear and chooses the subject in a clever way. One always understands what he or she is doing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
lectures notes is not details enough, had to google around other materials to grasp the courser work betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As someone who's new to the world of data science and doesn't have a university degree this course was very hard to get a good grasp on.That's partly the "cause" of how the course was taught which was assuming you had all the knowledge at hand of all the stuff Statistical Inference is about.For people that are starting this stuff it might be nice to have a introductory course of Statistical Inference as I did not finish this course by just watching the course video's and additional information, I had to look up additional resources which explained the material better.Still, a big thank you for explaining statistical inference and opening my eyes regarding this topic, it surely helped getting me to the next step in what Data Science is all about and makes it ever more interesting!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Covers a lot of info too fast! Some concepts are not clearly explained , had to surf online to get better understanding. Overall, fine course, very practical.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The amount of materials is more than course period. You may need to study a couple of other resources to understand the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is really interesting, but I believe the professor approach to describe and explain the topics is really confusing. I had to search other resources to clarify the topics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Content runs a bit fast but good course for stat inference with R focus.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Steep Learning Curve. Swirl exercises are important for this courseThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It's quite involved, fast and not explained thoroughly in some places.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Teaching material is very good. But I feel the Professor's explanation is monotonic and uses more of textual definitions rather than simple explanations which are required for starters.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The subject is interesting, but the explanations are a little confusing. May need more diverse real-life examples to relate.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material in the class is solid, but is poorly described. These are the foundations of statistical analysis, and unfortunately there's a lot of statistics jargon that students aren't going to be familiar with in here.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
it gives an idea of how one is prepared to ingress to Data Science. Isee that I need to review it more carefully later on.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very difficult with lots of math not properly explained. What's the point of learned all these formulas by heart if you cannot use the properly because that is not explained well.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
At times the content can be confusing. Some points are clearly explained. "Data Analysys Tools" course is a good complement in order to understand the subject.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was very dry compared to the other courses I have taken. Though there was a lot to cover in the four weeks but this was not best way to do it. The course covers a lot of concepts in far too little a time span. It should have been spread into at-least two modules.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the theory is too dense, but with a weak link with R. I understood better with swirl than with the videos. I'd suggest a more organized video with less draws and annotations. They confused me sometimes.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
As someone who isn't from math background many of concepts thought in here weren't quiet clear or intuitive. Could use more details or pointers to reading materials to help understand the concepts betterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Since it is a very theoretical subject, trying to explain it without proofs and plenty of background is hard. But i feel like most of the course is just to memorize formulas without much explanation where they come from. A few examples are computing the expectation and mean of the average distribution and computing confidence intervals.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Not one a statistics newbie should take, had to take it twice just to grasp 80%The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course goes on a very fast pace and simply does not have the charm of all the other courses in the specialization. I understand that a lot of content is covered within a month, but there should be supplementary course material available. Moreover, TAs should be more active on the forums. I have seen most of the questions just being discussed among the students. A little disappointed. Will probably have to watch all the material again to have confidence with it.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Brian Caffo is a brilliant mind. I am sure, but in a way for me it is difficult to follow. In parallel I checked out Khan Academy and it was easier to understand.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is a great course taught by a clever teacher but...The content is presented in a very dry, not easy to grasp, manner. In several cases, I had to use external sources to understand the content and/or derive it by myself. When I finally understood the content I couldn't understand why it is presented in such a cryptic manner when the concepts are rather simple to grasp and the math not so advanced.Professor Caffo is a good communicator in some occasion (the module on Power for example was incredibly well communicated). But most of the time he just throw us some result without properly setting the context and concepts, as if it was understood that we already know most of what he is talking about. (Not the case!)I plan to make a document that follows the course module and fill in the missing piece of contextual information, derivations and concepts. But this takes a lot of time. If/when it will be completed, I will try to find a way to share it with future generation of students. Because, honestly, the content of this course is not so hard and shouldn't be!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It wasn't easy to understand the practices of software development in this course. Please try to explain a little close, how software devs actually work.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is somehow good ... not excellent!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is very interesting, and everything is there should be known to start a business.But basically, it just says to respect everyone and everything. This course lacks some content. It repeats itself. It says the same things over and over again, just in different words.It's still a very good course, and it motivates you doing to do something with great values.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course was more about CSR and philanthropy of businesses towards society which was not what I expected as the course topic as very vague. Having done an MBA in business I as expecting more in-depth teaching on strategies of various business and how their creation of value to stakeholders.The course is short and very appropriate for beginners but not in-depth knowledge, however it still does create valid points on businesses role towards society at large.Lastly I did like that all course material for all weeks were opened and thus one could progress through the course fasterThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I would of like to study succesful cases with performance indicators and their impact in sustainable development of their action region.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I must say that the information on writing in the course was good, and the example of sanding, giving a critique etc. was very useful to me as a writer just putting her work into the world. I was extremely disappointed that after laboring through 3 long stories, only one formatted in the way the course specified, and trying to write at least one page of comments on each that what I got in return was on good critique and two that were only two lines long. I was on scholarship so I did not pay for the course but it was disappointing that there was no moderation of the peer review side of the homework.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I learned a lot from the exercises in the other parts of the specialization. To make the capstone a better experience for everyone I propose that here the reviews should be graded. Perhaps, only have each person do two reviews instead of three but have them submitted as part of the next week's assignment and rated. Everyone could rate two or three reviews. This way reviewers would put in as much effort into the reviews as into their submissions, and they would also learn how to write reviews by reading other reviews and sanding examples.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I appreciate knowing more now than I did before about story writing. I know better now how to approach assessing a story and critiquing it, and I really want to work on a story of my own next!Not going to lie, though, this course was difficult to immerse myself in simply because of the examples: I'm not into guns, not into muscle, not into violence, and every single example was either of men, or how a female's mission centered around the men in her life. If I could suggest a change in this course, it would be to consider all the different backgrounds of the people taking the course, and give examples that are more inclusive.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Concepts are interesting, the assignments are not. Writing and re-writing about the teacher's generic game example. Not much opportunity to work on your own content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The material is OK, but it just felt so boringThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is ok, but it doesn't give any certificate of completition for free users (something that many other courses do give).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good overview of narrative and a breakdown of key story elements such as character and setting.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Arguments brought up are shallowThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lectures and Recitals were good, easy to understand. Discussion forum was a deserted place with little sharing. Would be nice to have a more open community. Overall, pretty good. Looking forward to the next courses.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Unfortunately, "Strategy pillar" and "Ethics pillar" are observed in far less details than "Law pillar" here. Thus, this course is good mostly for people who are interested in American law basics.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good course but not fully completed. Learned a lot about herbalism.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
very little relationship between lectures and assignments. was expected more practicesThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Need very strong skills and experience in Python. Also, some basic knowledge in ML also is necessary.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Weekly quizzes would be great!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
For an undergraduate course it's good - my only comment is on delivery - quotations given verbally might have been better if shown on screen to drive them home.I hope the professor will do a military history course that analyzes war more particularly now that we have the broad strokes. My interest is piqued from this course and I want to know more about specific wars/battles. I am also interested in war prior to 1500, esp. ancient civilizations.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
good but we need arabic languageThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some useful frameworks but would have preferred to see more time spent addressing models and frameworks for testing the potential success of new ideas and comparing between different ideas. The tournament model covered here was not sufficient to really address this issue and it requires more depth. But otherwise a decent introduction to those not familiar/ experienced with business/ start ups.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Figure out whether your idea makes sense to go to marketThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lots of theory but includes some useful models and formulasThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Hi, I loved this course. However I'm a bit surprised that didn't got a certificate for doing it. That's why I don't put 5 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Some of the links are no longer functioning and thus, gaining access to exact information for the past (2013) is not possible.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Great course but content and quizzes need updating. Certificate would be nice.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Professor was quite knowledgeable, and covered a breadth of topics. However, he often presented his political opinion as scientific fact. The quizzes/tests were also based on regurgitation of data/knowledge, rather than higher-order thinking such as application or synthesisThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
started quite good, but slow videos and the last quiz was about just numbers. it is good to know what are the measurements, but if we won't teach about that too, the more concrete informations and not numbers would be more informative and useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Sachs is doing valuable work and I like the premise of the course very much. The videos seemed to present a lot of painfully obvious information, however, and I'm afraid they were not terribly engaging. Maybe just too much/too long? A shorter version of the course that digs in a little deeper somehow might be more alluring.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very good course, I enjoyed it very much and appreciated the educated and polite style of Prof. Jeffrey Sachs. I would have appreciated a copy of the figures and grafique shown. The course release in 2012 would need to be updated. The Quizz need a real involvement of the student to be completed; challenging but I personnaly appreaciated very much. The Quizz would need some profound revision since some links are not available anymore and some answer are simply wrong. A Statement from the Columbia University / Prof. J. Sachs would have been welcome since completing the 14 week course imply a real involvement from the student. Overall very appreciated course, Thank Prof. Sachs!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It gives a well based numeric approach to sustainable development, but fails to approach some subjects from an ethical point of view. At some time, Prof. Sachs points out a few numeric indicators that favor economic development, but when talking about reaching these numbers, he offers more than debatable ways.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Mostly useful practical advice and examples on how to use Excel to model risks and realities. Week 3 was not very good as it was a quick overview of basic statistics which is incomprehensible if you have no previous knowledge and useless if you do.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good practical examples of the concepts. In general, seems to me that the courses of the specializations do not fit together well. At times, basic things mentioned elsewhere are repeated, some others are not explained sufficiently.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is much more informative than the previous two in my opinion. I liked the sample spreadsheets provided. I still however feel the price is a bit steep compared to other similar courses you can find online. The quizzes aren't that challenging and it may be nicer to expand the assignments to practice more.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Outdated presentation style: mostly "voice behind text and Excel window" long... long videos.I'm not questioning the material itself, but I was heavily bored during the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Lack practical aspect analysis. Most of the materials are more theoretical (some of the graphs are not necessary and does not help understanding the discussing topic and increases confusion. Eg: Lorenz curve.) Really enjoyed and learned a lot from the case study from reality. Highly recommend increase real-life case study materials.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think more examples would have been better for the class.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Interesting topic, but the course is not organized well. Sometime the professor gives us a good lecture with lots of interesting details, sometimes he's just rambling.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good Course, well paced, a bit too focused on Academic InstitutionsThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I think the course has very limited practical problems; so for beginners in NLP and text analytics, it is very difficult to grasp all the theoretical concepts presented in the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Annoyingly, the specific pre-requisites can't be determined until AFTER enrolling. This course is in C++, so if you're not a C++ programmer, it's probably not a good idea to purchase this.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course is a pretty good resource for full-time graduates who are doing research in Natural Language Processing, but not for other people who want to learn in part-time some concrete skills to resolve specific text mining problems.The course-style is heuristic-guiding based. Some questions are presented in lecturing or quiz, and answers are hardly found. So, some text books had better be specified.Homework of this course is quiz-based, only one optional programming task. It's easy to pass the course, but it's hard to master its content. As an application science area, more practical assignments should be provided, as can help students learn better.This is a 6-week open course teaching a complicated research area, Natural Language Processing, so most of its topic cannot be discussed in detail. However, this course could be designed and organized better.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The coding assignment instructions are near impossible to follow. The lecture is monotonous in the later weeks.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course has incredible content, but you are required to read quite a bit of information via lengthy pdfs prior to the videos. This is not my learning style so I found it challenging.As a Naturalist and bird lover, I was eager to take the course and glad that I did.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
These courses on Ancient Life Evolution are best when they discuss how species developed, how they adapted and how they were discovered. The laundry listing of species in some of the lectures was a snooze fest however. It also repeated what was in other lectures for the week. I would have preferred more information on the ecosystem in which the critters dwelled. The Ancient Marine Reptile class did a much better job of presenting this info although it did some laundry listing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is not letting me submit my lesson 1 review without payment.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I liked it!The only problem is a webcam that a lot of people do not have.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This is an instructive course but not represented in a very engaging way. I wish that the representers find a more interesting and engaging way to teach grammar. I will be doing the whole specialization but there moments that I get so bored and unmotivated, I have to force myself to keep going. And I love English and find grammar interesting in general.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is too long.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course was a good introduction to the overall concepts. I am already working in the field so it was elementary to me, but I feel it has laid a good foundation for the specialization. I do not, however, feel it would hold much value as a stand alone course.I am not sure how you would achieve it given the asynchronous nature of the medium, but I would love more opportunities for feedback and discussion.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
English is not my first language but I have already taken other courses at Coursera, which I found very good, and that I was able to follow using the English subtitles.In this course, there is a teacher who speaks very fast and it is difficult to follow their lessons.In addition, some peer-graded assignement videos are without English subtitles.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The lecturer's style doesn't go with the nature of a MOOC. By using his book as the notes for lectures, he doesn't give himself a chance to prioritize content so it's kept clear in the exposition. His favorite word is uh-um. In a classroom (face-to-face) situation, the lecturer is likely to see and react to listeners' look of confusion; in a studio he is just talking to himself. He repeats points -- this can be good if done smoothly but it's very confusing when the lecturer is inarticulate, like the present case. It's really too bad because he clearly has a lot of knowledge that could be used to popularize thinking about the unwritten constitution.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I gained much from this course. However, the final assignment is quite difficult to complete for students with no access to data on companies and industries. Had that been readily available (without an exorbitant fee to data providers), I would have rated the course with 4 stars.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Overall, the contents are too fluffy and not very tangible. I appreciate though putting the tools into action and having to work on the competitive position assignment, it provides great insights on what matters in a competitive market. As an optimization proposal I suggest to cover the resources of week one, like terms and formulas. That is much more crucial than some of the fluffy contents. Also the companies discussed during the course should not be more known global companies (like Redhook, or the food market examples), hence not to restrict it to USA.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Very informative and rewarding. Professor is very energetic and shows he is totally involved in the course. The major problem with this course is that, as complex as it is, coupled with the lack of access to the instructors to ask questions, perhaps the assistants could be more responsive and helpful with problems students are having problems with. It makes no sense to learn without knowing where one is making mistakes and how to correct them.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Introduction course to other courses, not much to learn here. And also some quizzes question were never addressed on the content.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I don't like that the 3 and 4 star reviews are missing!Coursera seems to sometimes remove reviews with lower numbers of starts.I thought that this course was going to be mostly on the brain, but it wasn't at all.... just a small section.If your main interest is in vision then it might be different, but for me being interested only in how vision relates to the brain, there was very little useful information in this course for me.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It was a good course but kind of vague. Lectures were too long and full of talking instead of pause questions to keep the learner involved rather than just listening. I hoped if there were assignments and games to keep us more engaged and to assure that we fully understand the content. Otherwise, Professor Maurice Schweitzer did a great job with providing engaging examples in each video and I got to know a lot of new stories worldwide.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Pretty basic knowledge. in my humble opinion, the questionnaires are obviously used for the research of the tutors, without offering so much learning benefit to the students. But good stuff to know.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course is interesting and the self-reflection activies are great opportunies to learn about yourself. However, the course is very short. Each week takes less than 1 hour to watch and it feels like an introduction of an introduction. If you love to learn a lot about something, I don't think this course is for you. However, if you want to take time to learn about yourself, it's great.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While the information is certainly good, and I enjoyed listening to David Hill, it is too basic for me. I was looking for something that wasn't an introductory course, but I took it thinking the peer reviews would be worth it. I had a difficult time downloading peer writing to review, and I never got any feedback on my assignment. I also went to the forums for discussion, but there wasn't anyone adding new information. It seems like a ghost class without any real live students. Since it is not interactive in any way, I am just spinning my wheels. Not worth the effort.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
While I found the content and instructors to be very good, I don't feel I received any true constructive criticism that will help me with my writing. I would have preferred having an instructor review my work and provide proper feedback. I understand it costs to have someonThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Kind of basic about the writing stuff, i wish it work more about audience and characteristics of each age. Very useful the second part of the course, about editing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
A good but simple introduction to writing. The instructors (particularly David) are friendly and helpful - it's just that nothing is dealt with in any great depth. However, that helps make it good as an introduction.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Provides good basic information. The assignments are simple and can easily be "passed" by following directions, not necessarily by writing well. Many reviews say the critiquing is the draw-point of this class, but that is all done by fellow students not by publishing experts or professionals. So while this course "opens the treasure chest," it leaves you a long way from publishableThe sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The last two weeks of this course held great information. However, the first three weeks seemed to lack focus.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Good videos but strucural info and help. Unfortunately , for me it wasn´t very exciting or motivating and perhaps that is because of my own interests.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Its intresting but often feels repetitive and more like advertising.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
Far too basic in content. It's clearly aimed at people with next to no experience at all on writing and publishing! However, it still is insightful and inspirational as, 'Writing for Young Readers' is taught by two established children writers and, packed with interviews of other writers from all around the world. A nice introduction but, just that -an introduction. If you have experience writing (for children or else)The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
This course should be given a basic or starter level tag. Some of the videos are great, but they cover very basic: things like genre and narration. I thought the presenters/teachers were great, and I liked their author interviews. I wish there had been more writing assignments. I am very glad I took the course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The interviews and course discussion are invaluable in this course.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I enjoyed the course but I would prefered it to be longer. I found the second part more useful.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I want to give it 3 1/2 starts - sometimes the modules seem really segmented and you spend half the time repeating the same ideas or recapping the course material (that was new that week!).While the assessment tasks were great exercises, the fact that they're peer-reviewed means that the feedback you get is often unhelpful or poorly informed.It was a good course to do, but I don't think it's really going to change anyone's life (and I would encourage people to not take the peer feedback too seriously!).The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
I loved the non-UK / American basis for the writing and the study texts: fascinating reads and great eye openers to other styles and languages. Such a rich source! The videos and interviews were great and I loved the transcriptions - they made life so much easier to make notes and annotate from.The main issue I have is with the 'peer' marked work throughout the course. I feel this was meant to be a collaborative tool for us to use, but instead turned out to be a rather awkward device. Some students gave leeway to the 500 words limit; others not. I was failed because my explanatory note - not the piece itself, just a note for context - took me 34 words over. How pedantic was that reader? Another piece I read was over 2000 words long and had obviously been taken from some other assignment: it barely fit the study brief. Additionally, are non English speaking students penalised by having to write in English? Grammar and syntax in the west is very different depending on the country you come from - German syntax vs Italian vs English. All are different. How can I be fairly marked if the reader of my work has English as a second / third language? By that same token, can I really pass a student who has met the course criteria, yet has mis-spelled many words, has little or no punctuation and has jumbled tenses all over the place. This needs to be sorted out I feel, as it has marred this course for me. I don't feel it gave an even playing field to all. Thank you for the opportunity though, I did enjoy it!The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
It is perfect for beginners, but if you're an experienced writer you might be looking for something a little more challenging.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
The course addresses quite precisely and pragmatically every aspect regarding young athletes anatomical and physiological development. All the information provided in the lectures is research-based and Dr. Brooks states clearly when she is providing information which needs further investigation or clarification. The lenght of the lectures is short and these are very well organized by modules, facilitating the learning process. The information is almost always related to its application to young populations. While the topics covered by the course represent a fair amount of the information a coach should have, psychologycal and social aspects, which are quite important for training young athletes, are not convered in depth. The assessments lack effective feed-back to support the learning process, given that after taking the quizzes you will only know if your answer was right or wrong, missing any instruction about the course content itself, and the only peer-assessed piece misses a feed-back section which may help to improve future writing.The sentiment of this sentence is neutral .
