A very nice and fulfilling course! Highly recommendpositive
loved it. succinct and very good content. thank you!positive
I liked that it focus on new media, however I missed some text material to support the classes. Some minor mistakes on the exercises still need to be fixed. Some videos could be better produced, but the content is very good and I understand that it is also intended to be view on cellphones, so it was good.positive
Well structures, nicely narrated class! Would recommend to anyone with basic knowledge of linear algebra and programming, especially because it is a really "hot topic" right now.positive
A reasonable walkthrough of typical tools for photo editing. Only thing I'd like to add is a walkthrough of a simple typical photo editing workflow (like cropping, WB, coarse tone adjustment, tone curve, sharpening & consumption format rendering).positive
Loved this course! The University of Amsterdam has one of the world's best communication programs so when I found out that they offer a very short and condenses crash course on Coursera, I had to take it! It's a shame the university doesn't offer other courses regarding different aspects of this field. Would have loved to take more. Regardless, I give this course 5 stars!positive
Very good material, gave me a better understanding of not only project management but also how to join into a project and having the final goal and the larger picture in mind.positive
Very informative course and very nicely explainedpositive
It is a very interesting course. Thanks for all this supportive context. I enjoyed it so much. I look up to the intructors. They are very professional.positive
Exactly what I was looking for!positive
Great course to gather a holistic view of the industry, clearly explained, engaging, great tutor (awesome stories), perfect for those who want to gain insight into this field.positive
Great Slides! The slides were good enough to pass the exam.positive
What a difficult course it is!Nevertheless, it was very helpful.positive
The learning has been huge for me. I love this course. It is designed well and delivered beautifully by great professors. I feel lucky to be your students professors!positive
Loved the problem in the course.positive
Really great course. Examines many important principles for engaging with students and transformative learning.positive
The course was fairly good and covered different topics about big data applied to genes. The resources and the course content were useful, to get a good understanding about the field.The assignments weren't as good as I anticipated, I would have preferred more hands-on work.positive
Enjoying this course quite a bit to be honest :)positive
Dr. Chuck is very good at teaching this class! His dedication to this course makes students know more about the essence of Python! Go Dr. Chuck! Go Python!positive
I, really enjoyed every second of it!positive
This was my first course that I completed with Coursera. The highlight was the lecturer Chuck Severance whose relaxed style and sense of humour made it that much more worthwhile. My only regret was that he had the Office Hours in London on the day of The World Cup Rugby final-now imagine that in the States!!- for American Football. All in all an excellent course- more of Prof Severance please!positive
Best place to get yourself up-to-date with the "state-of-the-art" in 3D printing. I really liked 'The Revolutionaries' section where you get exposure to all the inter-disciplinary ideas floating around in the 3D Printing landscape.positive
Honestly, This is the best MOOC I've taken in my life, and this course has helped me to understand what machine learning is, how you use it yourself, and many advice on applying machine learning.I started this course for a first step to building a real-life J.A.R.V.I.S.(still WAY far away...), and this course is really easy to understand even for a middle school student like me. This course is DEFINETELY recommended for beginners in A.I. and Machine Learning.Thanks for reading.positive
It was a great course tat not only teaches you the theory behind systems thinking but it also teaches you how to use some tools (software) to use systems thinking approach to solve problems.positive
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I learned a great deal, and particularly enjoyed the programming assignments. Looking forward to starting course 2.positive
Really enjoyed this course - very appealing mix of different ways of presenting content and engaging users.positive
Excellent course! I am continuing with the specialization and seeing the benefits in how I relate to my direct reports already. This is the personal management style I have been looking to develop, and what a great way to develop it by developing me. Thank you.positive
Awesome projects, taught by odersky himselfpositive
One of the best courses I have taken so far. I didn't need to write many things down, because there were so many small quizzes that helped me remember the key points. It was very well presented and there were no fluff videos to waste time or bulk up the content. Everything made sense and all the steps are ones that I can and will add to my new study style.positive
Great course, very complete and funtional. Help me to understand some things that i dont have clear about biofilms and infetions. I will do more course with this university.positive
Good course, especially since you have the option to take it for free. Nice assignments that gets you to think outside the box or challenge. Recommend it if you wanna keep yourself busy and learn.positive
The course is quite comprehensive and is taught by someone who is highly competent and also has a very nice disposition: Andrew. Selection of topics of the syllabus has been done mindfully.positive
Very good course! The professor have a fine sense of humour, and the knowledge is easy to be absorbed. With the homeworks, my skill on programming is indeed enhanced.positive
Great Course!The Course Project was really challenging.positive
It is a five star course. When I signed up I thought it might be interesting but it gives more than I expected. The style of the course is really great and easy to follow. I am working across cultures as a leader and although I know a few things about the subject it can still give me deeper understanding and a better overview as well. I wish this course would have been available when I started my international position, I might have avoided some mistakes. Still it is not too late to learn:-)positive
Very informative and made me understand where I was failing the previous attempts to be more active!positive
Very good source for learning lists, dictionaries and tuples in pythonpositive
Good for both inexperienced and experienced photographer. Gives you a better understanding of photography as a creative expression, and will definitely make you a better photographer.positive
The course delivered a very important important aspect of research -ORIENTATION TO SEEK KNOWLEDGE THE SCIENTIFIC WAY !!! THANK YOU COURSE ERA AND THE UNIVERSITY TEAM .positive
It helped me to get some mental tools and master my focusing problems with studying. I also learned many new things which as a psychologist major I didn't know until now. Thanks for teaching me learning how to learn!positive
This course is well worthwhile. Its main objective is make you think about ethical issues, as opposed to making decisions in a rote manner. Their argument about ethical blindness is persuasive and it helps you to understand corporate behaviors that appear to be inconceivable (Enron, Ford Pinto, etc).My hope was to learn more about guidelines for making corporate decisions that have internal economic costs or benefits, with associated external social benefits or costs. However, I was assured that this would not be possible in the confines of this course. But this course does make you hungry for more. Hopefully, this faculty will be able to offer a follow-up course in the near future.positive
Very useful course! This is a basic ML course and I think everyone could learn a lot without any pressure!positive
Well structured course. Just to the point course with things that gets us started as quickly as possible.positive
Awesome course that will help me, and my students, to Learn how to Learnpositive
This course is absolutely fantastic, everything about it is great! Highly recomended!positive
This helps me through my solid waste management course at my university, although things explained here are not detailed (in general). This also expands my knowledge about solid waste management around the world, especially in developing countries (like my country, Indonesia).positive
Good course. Easy to follow for unexperienced students.positive
Very good course for introductory purposes nevertheless practice makes perfectionpositive
Excellent course and material. Really enjoyed this one. Thank you.positive
Great general introduction to finance, profitable also for the non experts.The personal opinion of the Professor are an amazing plus which makes this course stand out among similar ones.positive
I was more than pleased to see the huge amount of information in a 5 week duration course. Very professional !positive
Really insightful and practical. Thanks pwcpositive
Excellent course. A great way to introduce to Buddhist with a scientific approach.positive
Great course - highly recommend.positive
The course is good but it's not free.positive
This course.... is the best course of my life!!! I really happy....Everyone should have the chance to know this wonderful course. The teachers are really great!positive
Such a treasure of information.Thank you to the whole great team ~.~positive
happy to see the university try to help non-english speaker to improve their english .positive
The Course is designed so well by the UC Davis and Coursera. And the discussion forum is also really helpful for me while studying this course. It's really a great experience.positive
Really good course, the material is quite advanced but very well structured and introduced in a very simple way. The assignments were a lot of fun: really enjoyed the peer-graded assignments where I needed to write short proofs, much more useful than regular multiple-choice answers. Looking forward to the next course!positive
All the projects are real life cases. They are close to our life, challenging but also engaging, Doing this project makes me able to implement the theoretical frameworks in real situation.positive
Very informative and to the point. The instructor guides you step by step along the way to Angular proficiency. Highly recommended.positive
Comprehensive coverage of the topic. Goes deep enough to clarify the concepts but does not drown you with information. In addition to teaching the various methods and their pros and cons, it also teaches you the practical methods of applying the methods, gives you an idea of how to approach a problem, what to expect and what to watch out for.positive
Andrew is a great professor. Explained the topics clearly.positive
A great course for getting your basics right. The course is a bit slow for people who are already into programming but the Professor is great.positive
Awesome course for beginners in Machine Learning. Definitely worth checking out.positive
The course is perfect . If my friends need this kind of classes , I would recommend this one. But not efriends around mepositive
excellent way to learn new techniques about your mind tricks and know how it workspositive
Very well organized and very informative.positive
I really enjoyed the Professor's presentation style, and the format of the course (quizzes with one large assignment at the end). It would have been helpful however to have had the slides available for download.positive
Very good course, from the basics to the advanced programming, very suitable for people with no basic knowledge of modern programming. Good teachers, with good explanations and a well balanced learning curve.positive
Extremely useful and student friendly!positive
Amazing,awesome !!!no words to describe course,format, lectures ... so well organized.....positive
I wish I had the chance to know this corse before.. It's the best I ever did and I'm sure it Will help me a lot to fulfill my goal, include machine learning inside the software I create.positive
Excellent course. Especially for students like me who does not have any IT background. R is tremendously powerful software and this course helped me a lot to gain knowledge in R.positive
My only wish is that I had taken this course in high school.positive
This was a great refresher for me - have not studied macro for 20 years in undergrad courses. I found the material to be logical and easy to conceptualize as a result.positive
Very useful discussion about the philosophy and method of data analysis. The associated text was useful, although somewhat basic.positive
Very easy to understand, many things to put in practice.positive
This is a very good course for everyone who wants to better or refresh their grammar and punctuation for a writing ordeal.positive
Very well structured and presented. Great instructor.positive
Instructor made this course interesting.positive
A must do curse for everyone on hospitality industry.positive
Very informative and course and well presented! I loved it and learned so much!positive
Great mental workout. Well-explained, but the coding challenges and bonus questions are challenging enough to allow for a lot of growth even for more advanced students.positive
Very practical skills in a painless, easy to follow process.positive
It's a wonderful course to teach you how to learn effectively.positive
This course is very good and user-friendly for beginnerspositive
This course is chock full of insightful, research-based tips for learning. I am starting graduate school and can't wait to implement the strategies. Thank you!positive
really good I like the coursepositive
very helpful course; introduces the basic concept in Global health and I start to become more interested in it!positive
This course is great. It provides us with the useful information not only for improving our knowledge, but also for applying it to improve our life.positive
The material is good and the professors quirky way of presenting is interesting to me at least. I'm enjoying his lectures and am able to follow his examples.positive
A long course compared to others in the specialization, but a lot of great material. Very well presented, the instructors know how to present this material and make it easy to grasp and understand.positive
Everything you need to know to have a clear understanding of regression models and learn how to use their basic functions in R.positive
I really got a lot out of this course and it will definitely change the way I tackle challenges in the workplace! Thank you!positive
There is a lot you can learn during this course, I enjoyed it!positive
Really a good course for improving slef awarness!!!positive
Very helpful and interesting! Thank you :)positive
After having taken several Data Science-related courses, this course seems like a good introduction to Python for Data Science applications. Not much 'actual Data Science' is covered in the course, however. It's more practically-oriented in the sense that it deals with data preparation (loading, cleaning and merging data). You don't get the luxury of the common perfectly-prepared csv-files in this course, which is a good thing!positive
Very comprehensive, good balance between theory and excercises.positive
I am very happy with this course. It's easy and helped me a lot :)positive
Very good course to get started in statisticspositive
I'd like this course to be more difficult and i'd like it to have more practical exercisespositive
Great course for everyone !positive
thank you dr Nikos Mattheos yhank you university of hongkong thank you for each prof give us an info thank you all i wish to be one of your team one day to learn more from you many many thanks i learned alot of things i love you allpositive
This is a great course. I'm new in this ground and got a good introduction to analytics and a great procedure to comprehensively evaluate marketing strategies to feed the whole process with new insights to better decisions. It is best if the learner could count on an administrator account to a website to apply the knowledge in order to develop the skills.positive
Quite phenomenon! I love it....positive
Thank you, Andrew! The course is really great. It is easy to understand material with no prior knowledge.positive
It was the first course I passed completely. Thank you. It was joyful and informative.positive
The course was excellent. It was very practical and had helpful tips throughout the modules to help teachers improve their lesson planning.positive
While testing the questions should be increased.positive
Geat cours suppling the general views of epidimiology.positive
Concise and interesting course that will help one to understand the basics about business metrics. It is meant for beginners and it is time-saving or better, it's largely up to you, if you want to spend here 1 or 5 hours per week.positive
Amazing :D I'm really enjoying every moment in this course, the professor is having a great and simple way of explaining things, if we can call them things :Dpositive
Really good course. I have learned a lot.positive
Thanks again. Great Job.Your class provides good general knowledge, to benefit many students.The Lessons will help many students, to make Better Choices in their HEALTH future.Best; "the" DONALD from PENNSYLVANIA !positive
It was an excellent coursepositive
A perfect place for beginners in web programmingpositive
I like this course very much. I will keep on learning Korean.positive
This course has a lot of good informationpositive
Very informative and interesting course with well substantiated real life examples. It was fantastic to have a variety of perspectives from knowledgeable professionals across the campus involving the private sector. A big thank you to Professor Tim Shaw and all the participating professors and industry professionals in helping make this course so enjoyable.positive
Great course! I'm really enjoying this specializationpositive
The course is really well structured. Use of iterables was a really good concept that I was not using much before in terms of having new iterables etc.I would have really liked if you included arrays in this course.positive
I still think that there is a lot to learn. the fact that I have limited time to complete the tasks made me hurry and not dig deeper into things I would like to.If I could use the forum and ask questions after the course ended it would be better.generally the course is very good for beginners. The instructor is very good and encouraged me to continue learning.positive
Simple and easy tips and a very short course. Thanks to the teacher, the university and Coursera for this course.:)positive
This course is really good for anyone who has basic knowledge of any programming language. this will help you to connect dots on how web programming is done for companies and how tools are used to expedite your coding.positive
Good introduction to Python. Interesting and easy to start.positive
This course is great. I learned very much. Thank you very much!positive
I like it, great course. this even if my connection isn't so good in this days, but lucpositive
Very good course, teacher is great and content is very insightful.On the less good side, students should not expect all concepts to be clarified from the beginning, so a good deal of research has to be self made.positive
It was a great course for the intrductionpositive
Really good for beginner. Very clear and professor is very humurous.positive
A very complete view of sustainable development, from all kind of perspectives from global development goals to fighting the poor and from climate change to sustainable food production.positive
All are very practical tips, however some of them I've read and used before.positive
Very useful course with lots of applied knowledge. One gets to learn how to use R to perform the hypothesis testing.positive
The professor is very passionate about the subject which adds to the course. The studied material is very professional and understandable.positive
The course aroused my intellectual interest to its highest.Thanks.positive
Great explanation. Good intuition and examples. step by step.positive
really great coursei wish it had automatic test to assignment resultspositive
Great course. my constructive criticism has to do with the organizing of the group activities, it's just very difficult to organize into groups via people whom you have not met, especially given the time zone differences as well the differences in daily schedules for group members. I just wonder if there's a possibility to organize the group projects in such a way that the website allows for better asynchronous work (not just emailing back and forth as that feels very disorganized)? Otherwise I feel that I learned a lot and I feel that this is a great intro class.positive
It's a good course.If I must complain about something is that, since the course covers a little too much too fast, the people that is not familiar with the subject might not understand the why or how of things explained.positive
step by step,i get to know what game theroy is.and combined with the knowledge i learn in my college ,i feel this course quite interesting。professor ‘s kind and does help us a lot.thxpositive
Classes had clear explanations and practical examples. I wish we had dug a little deeper in the themes, but I understand this is a fundamentals' course.positive
Just awesome. The way course was designed was great. Will highly recommend every one who wants to have a understanding of the universe.positive
This was a really valuable course in forcing me to put everything together and make it work. It made me value the need to be a more organised teacher and to put my working schedule into a better format, making things more efficient and certainly more organised.positive
I highly recommend this course. Assignments are practical and interesting.positive
This course was pretty astonishing. I had no idea that taking a class could be enjoyable and something I looked forward to. I definitely think that you should take this course.positive
The only reason this course did not get top marks is because very often the audio and the video did not match. Even with captions turned on it was, at times, difficult to follow as the captions follow the audio and end when the video ends even if the audio is not quite finished.Other than that I found this course enjoyable as well as educational.positive
Excellent course with interesting assignments that gives thorough understanding of involved concepts. Thank you Ng Sir .positive
The material is excellent as an introductory coursepositive
It's a must attend course here!positive
very accessible and extremely suitable for beginners. I loved it.positive
The Case study approach helped me quickly get an overview of the usage of Machine Learning techniques in a very short time!positive
Problems are very helpful. Testing system of the grader is superior.positive
Great examples and excercises. A good way to get into the graphic design. I enjoy every assignment and it gives a lot of ways to keep doing graphic design.positive
This is a tough course.but teaching is very good.positive
Curse was clear, and well presented via Coursera. Certain lecturers do great over the net, some not so ... this proessor was very well prepared for the course content, givne in shorter lectures with intermittant questions to keep you enageged. SImple, effective.positive
Great Course, really discusses how to communicate effectively in todays business environment at any level and how to choose best platform too.positive
It was an interesting course and a very helpful one. I suggest it to all the students because I find it rather important.positive
I thought this course was about art and related ideas. To my surprise is has a teaching focus which I did not anticipated and which has no interest for me. I did not do the final project because it does not interest me. Thank you for the art part, wish there would have been more of it.positive
Useful course for middle and senior managers. Helps with different perspectives and practical tips to be more effective at this. Highly recommended. Thanks!positive
I had no time to actually do the course material properly (due to real-life work) but I loved following what I could and eventually will take the course properly (next year). There is a lot of material covered and can be challenging for someone with little knowledge of music theory, but with some extra baxkground reading (and some wikipedia articles) one can catch up quickly. Highly recommended.positive
Great knowledge for wind energy.Great lessons.positive
Very interesting and challenging course. The instructor is very professional, videos are nice, real brain specimens are amazing. Highly recommended.positive
I have godd experience during this course.positive
Clear, succinct and easy to follow even for a beginner.positive
This course was fantastic. Logically set out and full of great content. Made me really reevaluate my own resume as I learnt a lot.positive
A wonderful, well organized, and very informative course. Dr. Jenny and Dr. Vincent have presented the course in a very simple and engaging manner. There are plenty of demonstrations that are very helpful.positive
lots of information but in a simple way to understand. i feel like i have learned a lot here and will be trying some of the recipes on my children. Lets hope they are a hit!!positive
Game video pitch is the most interesting assignment. I have got chance to see other students' ideas.positive
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is passionate about leadership and care about people! It is fun and easy to apply to your daily life.positive
Good review of basic grammar rules and good opportunities to practice them to improve your writing.positive
As a casual participant with a general interest I found this course to be enlightening - it helped me ground the fragments that I had already learned here and there about the Bible in historical, social, geographic (in particular) and political contexts and thus weave those fragments into a narrative that makes sense to me. This JW thanks Emory's JW!positive
Easy to understand, and very informative.positive
Highly useful course and assignments. Professor teaches great techniques to writing a clean and concise code.positive
The course has enhanced my reading experience. Writing in the margins… up till now I have never challenged or asked the writer any questions. This idea has never struck me before, but interacting with texts provides "room" on the page for my conversation with the writer, which is a visual reminder that all texts are part of an ongoing discussion and are not the last word on a given subject.Thank you, Prof. Bazanova!positive
The course was taught very well.positive
thank you so much for providing such a good course for us！！positive
Andrew Ng is an excellent presenter. He does not "spoon-feed" yet gives you just enough information to take you over the challenging hurdles.Great course!positive
Love Dr. Chuck! He made the class both fun and highly informative.positive
Wonderful course. Very informative and exceptionally well designed. I have learnt so much that will help me with my work in Integrative oncology and botanical medicine.positive
This course is very clarifying and informative. The lecturer is charismatic and didactic.positive
Finally. I know how to use punctuation correctly.positive
Excellent and engaging course addressing the subject matter from a different perspective from other neurobiology courses available on Coursera.positive
Course was well paced. Assignments were relevant. Only shortcoming I believe was that the last two weeks of the course did not require any submission of a coding assignment. Only required a quiz.I feel that the course would benefit from a requirement to submit some code each week.positive
Awesome course! A must have coursepositive
great challenge to get started in Rpositive
I truly enjoyed this course. As a speech-language pathologist, learning the process of assessments for ELLs was especially helpful as I work in the city with very diverse populations. Thank you for the wonderful course!positive
very good want to learn morepositive
Statistics should definitely be a pre-requisite for this course. I study clinical pharmacology and my knowledge of stat was limited to mean, median and mode and standard deviation haha. good course though for whoever studied statistics.positive
It is a quite well structured course. Is missing a little bit "flash" to become more incentive, attractive. Negotiation is part of "sell and buy" something and many times is not only a scheme of calculus, could be also sentimental decision and in this case is difficult to determine the right value (value creation is like a bubble soap, nice but easy to break).positive
Good instructor. Straight forward material.positive
The course is appropriate for all ages. It helps me prepare not just food for children, but for others as well. It also provides detail scientific explanation of nutrition. The course is a very practical one.positive
I enjoyed the course very well. Just glad to know some aspects I hardly heard of.positive
Thank you very much for providing this course.It would have been helpful if there were some slides added to the course. Also given the fact of how people are enrolled in the course the following points would also have been beneficial:1) Some communication on the boards by the Lecturer (It is understandable that a person such as Professor Shiller is extremely busy. However, given the fact that 8,854 people are enrolled in the course, that is an estimate of £283,328 assuming if they all purchase the £32 certificate of course. This justifies some sort of weekly communication.2) The videos and material covered is at the very highest of quality. However, the transcript downloaded does not allow for good printing and needs a lot of manual editing in wordEven taking into account the above points the course provides an excellent, unique and broad perspective on Financial Markets.positive
Very good for refreshing my knowledge of the languagepositive
Fun and concise bite sized lectures. Challenging yet manageable tasks to complete. If you want to begin to explore the basics of poetry in a fun way, this is the course for you!positive
The course provides complete information and guidance for a beginner in Web designing. Me being unfamiliar with programming before starting here, our mentors and teachers provided study material in such a manner helped me (a fresh comer) learn HTML, CSS and JS quickly and pretty well. In a month, you really do learn a lot. You require a good amount of self-discipline and dedication for learning any new subject, specially if you're juggling it with a job or being a university student. But the quality of lecture videos, the material provided for extra learning and the weekly amount of work is perfect for coaching you in Web Designing.Good Luck !!!positive
This is a great introductory course to the Machine Learning practice. It gives you a great overview of different machine learning methods and does not have a steep learning curve. This course will prepare you to dive deeper into machine learning.positive
It has been really nice to have someone from the 'inside' talk me through the realms of the Publishing Labyrinth. Thank you!positive
Excellent, gives deep understanding of main data structures and its usagepositive
Excellent course on Machine Learning. Thank you very much, Andrew Ng!positive
Very nice class, well thought out and organized. The assignments are interesting and the practice assignments are relevant. Getting hands on on Pentaho was a big plus.positive
Great teacher. Clear message. Goes slowly though the material and highlights key concepts few times to make them stay. If someone does not want slow pace can always jump ahead as course structure is well organized and described.positive
Very nice and interesting course.positive
Extremely interesting. A great way to understand today's world and to try to put our futurepositive
This is an excellent course. I have learnt a great deal and found the course easy to follow when broken into bite size chunks. The quizzes and coursework have reinforced my learning. I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to learn about our universe.positive
Fantastic course. It shows how we can leverage existing tools to build easily nice Front Endspositive
Love the instructor and his very fluid approach to introducing new programmers to the word of Python.positive
Great method and instructor. I am going to keep going with learning Mandarin. Very pleased with the content and structure of the course.positive
This course is very good, particularly if you also make the assignments.positive
A very informative course. I realized that I still got LOTS to learn to things that I love to do. The teacher is great. Teaching made easy. No need to pay expensive sessions. Salute to coursera and Berklee!positive
By conducting the capstone project, I applied essential concepts and tools to analyse genomic data in order to understand interesting biological processes. The tasks were well designed and explained. The peers in this learning community were ver supportive. After taking this specialization, I feel confident in integrating genomic and transcriptomic data analysis into my plant biological research. THANK YOU!positive
This introduction to Game Design was exceptional! The teacher is great and manages to keep the course light and still deliver the necessary knowledge. In this course you learn the basics about games, what they are, what rules are, what characters are etc. For me it was just the perfect start.positive
Exceptionally good. For those who wish to know the base of sustainable cities and how to make them reality in the future, this is the best course to lookout for.Good supplementary reading material and good presentations on on-going research in this field.positive
This course was a wealth of information. I was a history major in college, yet not much of this information was ever presented to me. I am so happy to finally be able to understand some of the reasons behind the current difficulties in the Middle East.positive
Very informative. Would highly recommendpositive
some problems in quiz part are confusing... but nice course in generalpositive
The course content and presentation was excellent. I love the large-project format of the classes in this specialization. I only wish this course had more resources for working offline, at a level that matches the previous courses in the specialization.positive
comprehensive and to the pointpositive
Very good course to enhance BI learning.positive
The formation is greater opportunity get more knowledge in Software Product.positive
tThis course is extremely good. The videos are all self explanatory and need no extra reference . Even the idea given altogether is enough for a beginner .positive
Amazing! Very good examples and concise information.positive
What a course! Fascinating, compelling, Thanks for the opportunitypositive
A pretty good introductory course but not much more. I really hope to see it followed up by a more advanced version! Thanks for all the help!positive
Very Good, Congratulations for the ideia. Great course.positive
I enjoyed a lot this class: nice videos with clear and progressive explanations, with interesting and pedagogic method consisting in giving intuition before thepositive
This course is the first step to dive into the data science course. One finds a lot of videos about how to create and use the tools to carry out the specialization. Great job!positive
Love the interview style format. Never felt rushed, but never felt redundant. Perfect pacing and gained many new insights and a respect for the political process.positive
After taking the codecademy course, I felt this was way easier to grasp any understand. Thank you!positive
I learnt many things about Big Data. Now at least I have some basic foundation in it.positive
Nicely explained all the concepts. Course is planned well. Thumbs Up!!positive
Very good course overall, but it does need some cleaning up. Lots of small typos and errata have been documented in both the lectures and the homework assignments. There seems to often be inconsistent row/column formatting of X and/or theta in the homeworks versus the lecture notes which creates unnecessary confusion. Although it is possible for the student to browse around multiple areas to piece together the puzzle, given that the course has been around for several years I feel that there should be a cleanup and reconsolidation of things to save students time. But yeah... given that you can take this course for free... it's pretty badass :)positive
Content is great and would highly recommendThe structure for grading however is poor. The peer assignments don't work well compared to other Coursera courses. I submitted my assignments in time, but even after a month I still don't have one peer that has completed my review which then delays the 'completion' of my course. When I go to do other peer reviews for other people on the same assignment I am presented with 6 month old assignments overdue from previous courses?! In addition, you can't participate in the forum discussions until you submit something yourself. I would prefer to add to a thread than go in blind to each forumpositive
Great course, I hope it can continue.Thankspositive
This course is the best You can find on functional programming with Scala. It's a rare opportunity to take a course from the creator of the language and learn all the important parts of the language.positive
some of the content and videos were too wordy and had more theory v/s examples.positive
Many good tips on learning and tests :)positive
Loved this course! Thank you so much for making this course available.positive
Very detail explanation of the essence of AngularJS 1.x, which makes it easy to followpositive
It's a good course if you want to learn meteor but a lot of people would like to have support at discussions from a professor since a lot of questions stay unanswered or with wrong answers.positive
a wonderful teaching! Im so sad that cant study offline at this place with so interesting peoplepositive
Very structured and easy understanding course content. It is a good start to pick up Financial Accounting Basic by watching each videos and work on the quizzes. Thumbs up!positive
Very good course , super teaching faculty and 100 % practice-orientedpositive
I wouldn't take this if I wasn't taking the specialization but it's a nice introduction to the specialization.positive
Implementing the theory part of analysis by using practical tools and follow analytical processes this course teaches how to adopt professional ways for performing a Analysis in the Digital Marketing World. It is highly recommended that each reading in the course syllabus must be reviewed for better learning and experience. Thanks to instructor Mr. Kevin Hartman, University of Illinois and Coursera team for bringing the global community of digital marketers this professional course.positive
Good Lessons and solid ideas for all ages, all income levels. Good Job.positive
Definitely recommend this short course which gives a good overview of Ableton Live's capabilities and how to use them.positive
The course was very good. The content was explained well. The assignments were the best part. Looking forward to completing the second part of the course.positive
Thank you for a highly challenging, interesting and varied course. I have learned a lot which will be helpful for my work, but also personal interest in this area. I did have difficulty sometimes understanding what was said in the lectures (technical issues) and also I thought some of the quiz questions were not correct. They seemed to contradict what was said in the lectures. Otherwise, it was an excellent course and one I would recommend.positive
This is an advanced course and there are a lot of things that Geoffrey Hinton talks about casually which one has to read more about on one's own. The knowledge and clarity of the instructor is beyond doubt top notch. This course if quiet exhaustive and perhaps the best course on neural networks.positive
awesome course learnt a lot of aspects of compuational motion planningpositive
This was a very informative and comprehensive introduction to the topic of Astrobiology. It was an enjoyable and challenging course to participate in.positive
I found the programme very informative and engaging. I learnt concepts in neurobiology and post the programme, I am able to see neurobiology play out all around us in our everyday life. Dr. Mason's teaching style is informal and engaging.positive
Awesome course and especially awesome faculty teaches all the concept so well and adds some humor as well very satisfied :)positive
It was a great course. I learned a lot of new things and some concepts I knew already I now understand much better. Some assignments was really tough, but it was a great learning experience.I had a little head start because I had taken another game programming course before, but that time it was in Python.C# is a little bit different, because you have to specify the data types for all the variables, which you don't need in Python.I really loved to work with XNA and MonoGame and I'll probably will later in the future too.I really recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn game programming within C#:Though if you're a total beginner and never had any programming experience whatsoever, you may have a hard time on some assignments.Overall a very good course.positive
this course is really useful! its perfect for people who want to learn composition.positive
Thanks for the opportunity to study in PWC, the best institute to learn Excel and financial tools, thanks COURSERA for supporting me, thank you for allowing people with limited economic resources to learn from the best universities and thank you for promoting education without borders. We are a species, we are a world, we are one world.positive
It is a pretty good course in understand the basics of philosophy and get a sense of what philosophy is doing. The reference materials are really great and can help you gain a deeper understanding of course materials. However, the course is more limited to introduction and does not go in-depth.A good course if you want a taste of philosophy.positive
I thought this course was very well structured and the information immediately applicable. The instructor is clear and I enjoyed the examples he used to reinforce concepts. This is the first course I've taken toward the iMBA program and I hope the other classes are as informative and interesting as this one.positive
This is really a great introduction to power electronics. The only thing I disliked was you need to type in your answers accurate up to 8 decimal digits.positive
It was an amazing experience. I learn a lot. Great course!!positive
Pretty awesome, nice people teaching and colleagues, a good feedback on every question, and also gave a good basis on the HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript development, but I would like to have more pure javascript solutions instead of jQuery.positive
Very very well built and explained. Great Job!positive
A really interesting course, and also, basic and simple. The lectures are a little fast though. I hope I would continue this course if I have time.positive
It is great and very comprehensive.positive
As a current medical student, Medical Neuroscience here on Coursera really equipped me to perform well in my studies in our school's neuro course. I really appreciated the concise yet thorough lectures from Dr. White throughout the course. I HIGHLY recommend this course to anyone interested in the brain and especially those students enrolled in a neuro course in their current studies. This course supplemented my regular class lectures and assignments very well and helped me to master the content much more efficiently and smoothly!positive
Covered really useful tools like shiny and slidify.positive
Awesome instructor! He really knows how to teach. Every lesson was a pleasure and it was broken down in such a way that it was easy to understand and highly entertaining. I would recommend this class to anyone wanting to learn the Python programming language.positive
Excellent course! High quality video/audio and it is organized very well.positive
The course is really and gave a concrete foundation on the data structures available in python and its usage :) :)positive
Very informative, though the accent of the lector is disturbing (my apologies)positive
good way of teaching englishpositive
Awesome course that brought up many different theories and ideas supported by different experts in many fields.positive
Pretty good, I like it! It is easy to understand and makes me want to try a more healthy life.positive
Good courses because It's not difficult and basic. Thank youpositive
Completely worth the time I invested in this course. Clear and to the point instruction with practical assignments. I feel I really learned something through this. It was my first experience with Coursera, thanks to Dr. Charles and the support team of mentors and classmates.I ended up purchasing the certification and am continuing my studies with Coursera.positive
This course is great, I learned a player, I never had played.positive
Dr. Rajagopal Raghunathan is a great professor. He and his team work really hard for this course and you can certainly tell by watching the videos.The recommendations and ideas from this course are key for enhancing happiness and for a better understanding of our selves. I highly recommend it.positive
Very good content. The lessons are clear and relevant, with good examples. The course would be "excellent" if the instructor would be involved with the forums and would answer questions that were posted directly to her. But I still think it is a great deal for managers to take this course!positive
Exceptional course. The perfect learning for beginners in financial accounting. Totally recommended!positive
Good Course. To the point and clean lectures.positive
Very good! I enjoy this course and recommend it to every one interested in data learning and programming learner.positive
Wonderful course!Thank you so much for your efforts.positive
Very suitable for rookies to start Python!positive
The instructor is very easy to understand for international students and the course teaches you the fundamentals and language of cloud technologies. It will be useful for both students and developers to take the course if you feel the need to learn more about these technologies.positive
It is very interesting, helpful, creative, useful and wonderful course. Everybody must surely learn this course.positive
It was a little different than I expected (more litigations and law in general), but A LOT of new information nevertheless.positive
It was an Excellent Course I learned a lot and it was a great opportunity to learn GIS basics.Thank you so muchNick Santos (our instructor) and the UC Davis Extension Teampositive
Introduction to Big Data !positive
Perfect teacher. He makes everything simple and clearpositive
My expectation was met. The course is excellent with real life scenarios and delivered by a very seasoned Professorpositive
A very informative and intersetingpositive
This course is one of the most well organized and easy to follow and understad, in the same way it is very compitable with the Idea of online learning , it is not boaring not long and right to the pointkeep it uppositive
It is a great way to solidify all the knowledge acquired in the other courses. Everyone should do this!positive
I would give this course a five based on the content it provides, but it lacks in three key areas. First, no forums, really? This is how we learn when we have NO instructor or TA support. They also lack workable calculations. Second, there was a GLARING error in a quiz that no one caught, showing a near complete lack of understanding of energy conversion. Third, the quiz engine has had a number of errors in the calculations. specifically in formula formatting. These are advanced systems that clearly need more testing. But all in all, this is GREAT content if you want to learn about organic (polymer OPV) solar cells.positive
Great course! The tutorials are very complete and the lengthy explanations allow anyone without previous knowledge of neuroscience to join the course. There are also many opportunities and ways to interact with fellow students. Thank you!positive
I highly recommend this class for anyone taking an animal physiology class. The instructors really simplify all topics to where its very easy to understand and keep up.positive
Very good course for those who have already some experience with programming, but want to learn the basics of R.positive
Another excellent and informative addition to the Python Specialisation Course. Builds upon previous knowledge seamlessly.positive
It is a really good course, I like it!.positive
Amazing course. I would recommend this course to get started on machine learning and understand its applications. This course doesnt go deep into the complex mathematical theory unlike others and the instructors do a very good job in going through the material systematically. Assignments are a bit challenging but manageable since graphlab has a lot of inbuilt libraries.positive
Nice introduction which allows to start using some tools to present results of the analysis.positive
This lesson help me to form the recognization of how to learning, and help me to choose the best way to learnpositive
Great course! Really Recommend it!positive
good, i like this coursepositive
Recommended for anyone who want to learn more about the language skills especially in writingwell it's comprehensive course.positive
A very practical courses. Very good introduction to Big Data sources and Computational Analysis tool.positive
Glad I joined this course. Professor Schiller explained all concepts well and clearly and cited a lot of historical events to show what went wrong and what should've been rectified.Having the guest speakers also added value to the lessons and provided inspiration to participants.positive
Very easy to understand and know how to succeed in the future on the learning path. Thanks a lot !positive
Pretty good. As a beginner, I have learned a lot about html, css and javascript from this well-designed four-week class.positive
Very Illustrative and useful specially for beginners to programming.positive
It is a little incomplete and leaves a lot of gaps in your knowledge. It is pretty basic and works as a fast introduction to Macroeconomics.positive
Very good mind tools to improve learning career ... Thank you very much for the people who work behind this course to help the people all over the world to achieve their learning.positive
The course is very interactive, a mind opener with real case studies and valuable knowledge.positive
This is very good course for beginners and well explained wit practical examplepositive
The instructor provided great tips on how to write clearly and with authority.positive
I think it's an essential course!positive
I liked how easy to understand and follow was this course. I recommend itpositive
Excellent begining course for developing web pagespositive
I got very rich and enormous practical insights from this coursepositive
Extremely accurate, well designed and explained! Awesome!positive
Very informative and easily accessiblepositive
great explanation of the concepts involved!positive
A very useful course for mepositive
nice,this course give me a lot of help, thank youpositive
Extremely helpful and informative. The benefits of this course is going to stay with me for the rest of my life.positive
Covers the most important financial decision making tools and explains weakness and strengths of various methods. Comparative focus on concepts such as IRR and NPV apart from integrating these with spreadsheet makes this course a must do for the aspirants.positive
You don´t need anything else to get started with Ableton...positive
Great course to learn the R programming.positive
Excellent course, perfectly paced and detailed. The professor Andrew Ng succeeds in creating a comfortable atmosphere and is easy to follow.As a beginner in machine learning, I appreciated the fact that the contents cover the most important aspects of machine learning, without diving in too fast in the underlying mathematics and computational details. I think I need go deeper in these aspects now, but these lessons are rich of practical and methodological tips that i'm sure even advanced engineers would need.Last but not least, the Octave/Matlab hands-on exercises permit a deeper understanding of the algorithms, and to realize what remained misunderstood after the lectures.I am happy that I decided to start (and to end) this course. This was my first on Coursera : there will be others. Many thanks to Mr Ng, to the mentors that helped us on the discussion boards, and to the coursera team in general.Arnaud.positive
Excellent course.I learned lot of valuable things.Thank you.positive
Really creative, insightful and fun; five stars!positive
Nice course, excellent info and materials for a basic project manager. Thankspositive
The best course and the best teacher. I would like to see the advanced version of this course to be offered.positive
This course is really adaptable in my daily activitiespositive
Very insightful little course introducing what data science is and what it's used for. Would love to see more of this group's work.positive
Very interesting course, I really appreciate seeing the real world application of psychological theories and the material was presented in a variety of ways to gain and hold the learner's attention. The extra reading and additional video resources further enhanced my understanding of the subject matter. The material was delivered simply and effectively. Thank you! Good Job!positive
Great course...great ideas...great learning. Thanks coursera for providing a scholarship on this course. I really appreciate your generosity.positive
Loved the idea of this course but a bit out of my league. I wanted more on the data and applying it in real life rather than how the data is collected.positive
A great finish to the specialization. A very 'free form' approach to the final project allowed students to develop and demonstrate projects in areas that interested them. The instructor (Dr Chuck) is the most engaged and engaging teacher I have come across on Coursera. His live 'graduation' ceremony was a first!positive
The perfect course to start the machine learning journey !!! Even if you know nothing, it is in your best interest to give a try, everything is well explained. Hats Off to the tutor too for such a nice explanation.positive
Excellent course. Great insights on practical challenges.positive
Great tutorials, explanations, starting code samples and assignments.positive
My first completed course on Coursera! The Teacher is great!positive
I really enjoyed it :)positive
Great course! I have really enjoyed the information is presented in a very detailed way.positive
I've taken a bunch of Coursera Courses, and these were my favorite. Fun to watch and packed with useful stuff I wish I had known a long time ago.positive
Wonderful course, it forced me to depend on myself. I had to search, I had to read and go through lots of articles, questions, solutions and tutorials online and also, in the discussion board to solve the assignments. I believe it is the best way for someone to get knee deep and learn the language. This is exactly the methodology that should be followed in the real world. One would have to search and find solutions for any issues that are encountered. I enjoyed it and moving on to completing the specialization.positive
Content very clear and explained by the professors.positive
I really enjoyed this course. Very interesting!positive
this lesson offer much help for new comers in this domain like me.positive
This was another excellent course in the iOS specialization by Prof. Don Patterson. However, Prof. Patterson's teaches students many important concepts prevalent in iOS apps, such as integration with various social networking applications, working with data in local on-device storage, and push notifications. Once again, I found Prof. Patterson's style to be very engaging (a most difficult task especially for online lectures) and the course materials to be well thought out.Only one caveat though: The name of the course is a little misleading: there isn't much of a discussion about security features of iOS (I would have expected a course covering security in iOS to at least talk about using cryptography inside apps.)positive
This is a challenging but immensely rewarding course on too many levels to even begin listing.positive
It is a very useful course and the instructor is very goodpositive
Great Content, and by the end of the course you have a full fledged Front-end website working.positive
The professor teaches in a clear and concise manner. Incredibly helpful! Thank you :)!positive
It was a though one but I finally completed this course. Instructors are awesome!positive
A really interesting and relevant course. Replayable and pause-able video lectures are obviously the way to go. The software-driven transcription of the lectures is useful but needs a lot of reformatting and some error correction (this process is not a bad learning tool in its own right!)positive
Excellent introduction and refreshingly presented, Thank You!!positive
It's an awesome course. I recommend this course to all those who want to pursue the career in Digital marketing. Apart from that, it's very easy to learn and the assignment are very interesting. I guarantee youwill definitely enjoy this course and i recommend you to take all 6 of them.I rate it a 4 star only because the course study must be updated a bit. Else i would have given it a 5 star.positive
There is lack of understanding how you actually build shown systems and software was presented in lectures if we deal with actual code.. but I gave 5 stars for creative and useful content provide the direction to go father in computer graphics field. I strongly recommend this course to students who starts developing digital content or/and programmers who want inspiration for their own projects. If there is a specialization on the topic, but with deep view on actual code samples, I would have bought one.positive
Excellent course, i liked so much the content and the way to acquire knowledge throw practice.positive
Good course on web crawling.positive
Both thorough and approachable, a great introduction which also goes somewhat in-depth and provides lots of real world examples. Excellent class!positive
This was a great intro course to the topic, and the instructors both make complicated concepts accessible. For example, the explanation of non-linear features in deep learning is extremely clear and intuitive.positive
Cutting edge cryptography topics. Good explanations and slides, but pause button is highly recommended. Can be a bit too mathematical for the general public, and not very formal for mathematicians.positive
I really liked this course because I believe that managing / coaching is a personal matter, and this course allows us to reflect on internal believes.Very good approach.positive
Great course, would highly recommendpositive
Very clear. But the project is not very difficult.positive
GREAT COURSE AND GREAT MENTORpositive
lecture material was very helpfulpositive
This is a perfect coursepositive
Very insightful course! Thank you for this course Andrew Ng, it's been a wild ride!positive
Excellent! Professor Scott Weisbenner was brilliant and explained very carefully all lessons, one of the best MOOCs on Coursera!positive
Excellent course for all WASH professionalspositive
Excellent. Thank you very muchpositive
wonderful course....this is the first time I think I wold be able to complete a course....keep up the good work sir.positive
Clear, complete and concise! Great course for those who write a lot of emails!positive
I think is really useful!I found it in a great time, because I was desperate and I didn't know what to do about my professional project and I lived worried all the time. This course made me feel better, with a all world to make things different.Thanks.I didn't finish the last item: write my assignment. It is my fail. Outside of that, I think is a great course.The course is in spanish (I'm mexican), I think it would be great for non-speaking spanish people the use of subtitles in english.positive
Amazing course in Finance for managers ,loved it.Specially the professor Tom's teaching style and amazing communication skills and detailing of the concepts.Will recommend every manager to take this course and save hell lot of money in going other colleges and spending huge money.An experience to cherish!!Thanks professor Thomas smith !!positive
I seriously loved this course!! Good information, excellent teacher!!! I just wish you could get a certificate for this class. Would recommend to anyone!positive
A very good course and discussion board is the greatest help where you got directions to which area you need to explore to find answers.positive
very informative course. was great studying with prof.aric!positive
Fundamentals of ManagementCongratulations on the platformCongratulations on the administrative order of the courseCongratulations on the Success of the Coursepositive
I found this course easy to follow and informative.positive
I thoroughly enjoyed the content and pace of this course.positive
Great content for starters!! Slides are easy to follow. Lectures are never boring mainly due to the witty professor!! Love this course!!positive
Very easy going, but I think week 3 has much information, maybe a step by step toturial might help.positive
This is a great course and also flexible to needs of students. If you get behind, the course is built to help you get back on track. I find this extremely helpful with a busy and irregular schedule.positive
It was very beneficial, thanks for the opportunity.positive
Great course! Main points I found useful:1. Actually implementing the cost functions and gradients in MATLAB really made the formulae sink in.2. Bias-variance trade off: plot the learning curve of train & CV error vs number of samples to determine whether you have a low bias algo. If not, going 'big data' won't help.3. Ceiling analysis to figure out which areas to spend effort on improving.positive
Easily to knows it,i plan to learn morepositive
A great comprehensive cap to the rest of the MoM courses.positive
this course is very nicepositive
The course provided a solid, clear, and friendly introduction to the basics of speaking & understanding spoken Mandarin, as well as to how Mandarin is written in the Roman alphabet. Vocabulary and grammar points were introduced at a pace that was never too overwhelming. I'd have liked the quizzes to be based on listening to a dialogue or watching a video and then testing comprehension, rather than just on vocabulary. But on the whole, I was pleased. It was exciting, right as the course was ending, to see that I could have a tiny conversation of the "Do you like autumn?" and "We are taking the subway to school" variety with a Chinese colleague.positive
Best way to start learning Machine Learning, clear concepts, good programming assignments.positive
It is good and very important coursepositive
Excellent course! Excellent Teacher! Excellent knowledge!!positive
Fresh and with basic concepts well explained!positive
Good course, but the development cycle is hard and I had to suffer a lot when it comes to the device emulations . I know the time is short, but I would be happy if you can provide a course or some helpful links. The first two weeks are nice to develop, because of the ionic serve --watch.positive
Very interesting and well done course packed with very useful resources.positive
Liked the approach to use case studies to explain Machine Learning and the many algorithms. Brought the otherwise complex subject to life. The hands-on exercise were very useful to consolidate learningpositive
Have got a great insight towards 3D Printing.positive
Contents of the course are very diverse, clearly changes your way and ability to identify patterns, and fit real world in to models to extract additional information ...It does not have a very in depth, description about most models, but enough to understand them, because there are so many different concepts that are fit together ...Its an excellent introductory course to models.positive
This 1st course was excellent, others in the specialization moved quicker than expectedpositive
A clear introduction, prepped for whats nextpositive
Out of 15 online courses I have taken over the last 3 years, this is the best. Professor Lee presents rather difficult material in a clear, detailed, style. The lesson quizzes are remarkably useful; it seems real care has been taken in aligning the questions with the key points in the lectures, and in furthering one's understanding of the same.positive
It is a great experience and has been developed very efficiently to provide a valuable tool for the insight and education of a very important phenomenon in the global community.positive
The Course was very neatly presented, although we used lots of predefined functions to work around Machine Learning Algorithms it was good to know about the concepts that was thought extremely well.positive
Very practical and useful on the real case. You can take a retrospective view of previous negotiation and finding the weakness and the blind point. Also you will have new perspectives on different negotiation. It is very enlightened course on my future negotiations. Thanks Professor George Siedel.positive
Good course for learning about data structures in pythonpositive
Great course! Very clear even for non IT guys!positive
This course was very easy to follow and provided me with some effective tools which has already helped me with my everyday tasks in my job. Dr. Oakleys passion for learning made the different learning topics very interesting and humorous.positive
Excellent and well-structured course that provides learners with the key and simply-explained information about the EU, its history, institutions, policy-making, civic engagement instruments, opportunities that are available to all of us thanks to the EU, and so much more! For me it was very interesting to watch interviews with people whose work is closely connected with the EU; these videos are absolutely inspiring. Quizzes are designed just right (I think they cover the most essential facts one need to know about the EU), and peer-graded assignments touch upon some thought-provoking issues and stimulate students' critical thinking. I would say the course is truly worth taking, both for EU and non-EU citizens.positive
All the information is really useful to form a criteria about photography, and also it helps to understand which is the role of photography and our society.positive
THIS IS THE BEST CURSE I TAKE THANKS TO ALL COURSERA AND BERKLEEE TO MAKE THIS POSIBLE FORM SOUTH AMERICA THANKS TO ALL I REQUEST U CAN MAKE TOO PROTOOLS BASIC MIXING AND MASTERING COURSE PLEASEpositive
thank you very much for sharing your knowledge!!!I really appreciate it ...positive
Everything was explained in a clear and straight-forward way, that's why I had no problem following the lectures and finishing the assignments.positive
This course is easy for beginner of machine learning. It don't require much mathematics knowledge and you can always understand the key points of significant concepts. If you want to know what is machine learning and the basic skill and method, this is the great course for you.positive
Very good course. The teacher is great. Thank you.positive
Great intro into Market Analytics, though more basic if you have experience in this industry.positive
Good overview of Data Science but lacking a bit of meat.positive
Great - the maths section was actually educationalpositive
A really nice and helpful course.positive
The course was simple and complete. I totally understood the whole system.positive
it feels great to listen to such courses with experienced professors...I am happy about it...positive
Another excellent course in this series! I find that I am completing assignments quicker and with less help needed which leads me to believe I'm actually learning! Great pace and good info...highly recommended for beginners or those who want to learn another language.positive
Excellent course design that enables you to make step by step progress in a somewhat involved area of learning.positive
Very good teaching skills by both professors and interesting guest lectures and tutorials. Assignements that demand your full attention. I would like some more depth as far as the developement of programming skills and the practice. Great intuition and explanation.positive
Do like it. Thanks a lot for a good practice-value informationpositive
I do recommend the course, for both the methodoly and content, the tips it gives, the mindset it developsgo on Ronald !positive
Thank you very much for this great opportunity to learn TESOL in Coresera.positive
Very informative, educational and well=organized. The professor communicates the lesson clearly and effectively in maintaining one's interest in the course content. I recommend this course to anyone interested in learning about subjective truth, how to be self-seeking, the Socratic Method, and a unique method for challenging traditional thought.positive
Really cool course, Andrew Ng is a great teacher with an outstanding knowledge.I particularly loved when he said things like "I used string kernels just twice in my life, this other kernel maybe 5 or 6 times" because he was giving us a clear, practical measure of how/how much we were going to use it.I think that's what makes a teacher (and subsequently the course) great, mixing a really good theorical knowledge with years of in-the-field experience.I hope i'll be able to talk to him sometimes because he's a very bright person.Also congrats to the mentors working hard to mantain the course.positive
a very useful beginners' classpositive
Very interesting class. Very useful.positive
I liked this course. It was very interesting and informative. This course contains many practical exercises and it really helped me in English. Thanks!positive
Excellent teaching, Bonus chapters helps a lot in motivatpositive
A good introduction to some of the basics. The presentation was generally okay; the course materials could have been organised a little better. Requires no previous accounting knowledge (though that helps) and only very basic math.positive
It' great as usual!!!! Thank you!positive
This has been an amazing course. I love all the time and effort put into these lessons. They are interesting and engaging. I have participated in other online courses and this one far surpasses the others. Thank you!!positive
Nice course, easy to understad, lectures are very clearpositive
Amazing course, very applicable and easy to follow!positive
Great basic explanations of the concepts. Not too fast and easy to understand.positive
Very insightful course. Teaches good design basics.positive
Looking forward to more such courses on Statistics and Probability related to Data Science.positive
Although I’m not really a gamer, I took the first session of this course since I was studying art and computer science in school, and I thought this course would give me some insights as to what decisions people make when they design a computer game based on a well-known existing story, and as to how art and technology are integrated into the overall game design. It certainly did! And I found it so engrossing that I’ve continued to play LOTRO ever since.positive
It was my choice to join this course and now I am so glad its easy to learn and remember everything easily. A Big thanks to my Teachers.positive
Dr. Fabiano's expert knowledge delivered in simple easy language makes this course easy for anyone to understand.positive
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I would highly recommend it to new writers, old authors, editors, and anyone interested in stories. It was a great recap and refreshed the basics.positive
Excellent course! It is a very useful and helpful course. i learned a lot of new thinks of food we consume every day. And get a new way to look at your food, to love it not fight it. As a med student i want to thank you for your efforts to help us eat healthy and be healthypositive
Highly recommended. It's a self-paced course but you'll get more out of it by enabling deadlines to keep you on track.positive
One of the best course found so far :) - intriguing, interesting, challenging and valuableThanks to "Andrew Ng"positive
This was a very interesting course. It is very encouraging to see a physician willing to try to change the way that healthcare is delivered and practiced.It is long overdue. It will be, I believe, an uphill battle. We must all do what we can to facilitate this change.The first thing we can all do is to become more knowledgeable about the human body and our and our loved ones particular health issues.I would love to see a followup to this course in a year or two to see what progress has been made at the University of Florida and other institutions across the country.positive
Very interesting course that summarizes pretty much all of the current important models in management and leadership; very inspiring and motivated instructorpositive
A fun way to end the courses.About the reading material for all of the courses - please proofread and edit the reading material. There are so many grammatical errors and typos that it made it difficult to read. (The non-word "wanna" was used many times!)positive
nice course! great teacher, very helpful for beginner!positive
love this lesson!i can understand everything and i learned so many useful things!positive
I followed all the videos, and I really appreciated the professor tone, slides and operations management curriculum.positive
This is really an excellent course. The voices of the experience talking and teaching.positive
A very profound course with narrow specializationpositive
Very useful course, thank you!positive
Excellent. I really enjoyed while learning new concepts that I can apply to different areas.positive
Rather boring, but very useful.positive
very good comprehensive class. i have been studying about memory & learning for sometime and was pleasantly surprised when almost all topics i had came across was under this single class.positive
Perfect place to start when your gonna study anything!positive
The perfect place to get into game developing :Dpositive
Very useful cours. Thank you very much! :)positive
It was indeed a great course.positive
Very informative course. I love the way the course has balanced theoretical knowledge and practical application of the same. Happy to make the decision to join this course. Thanks Prof. Randy Hlavac, Northwestern University Team & Courserapositive
This course is almost the final one for the specialization taught by prof Kaul. It is a little redundant with the 3rd course of the specialization. However, it is still of great quality, format and content, as the other courses were.It allows you to apply courses 1-3 in close to real life contexts. The exams are very interesting, and module 4 of this course made me want to go further into valuation problems. I encourage to take courses 1, 2 and 3 before this one.positive
I don't know what to say, but I believe that this course is the most powerful online course for Python :)I'm so excited ^_^positive
It has been truly a great experience. Prof. Wright is a great teacher and not only he thought about music itself but about its history; its relations to other forms of art and the evolution of society.positive
This course is a wonderful opportunity to learn with Professor Schiller!positive
Hi,The course lessons are practical, with case studies that helps you to internalize the concepts and visualize ways that you can apply it realistic examples.positive
Concise. A good tool to learn in few minutes.positive
Great course. The level of R needed to complete the course is very basic and a person having no prior knowledge in R could do it with some difficulty.positive
One of the best online course I have taken till now.Thanks for making AngularJS learning so much fun!!positive
Excellent combination for education purpousepositive
One of the best courses I've taken. The teachers are great and the material is equally informative and engaging, you really do learn a lot. All the contet is presented in a light manner but the modules help you understand its depth. I would recommend it to anybody who is even slightly interested in fashion.positive
Fantastic introduction to Machine Learning. I come from Physics, and so my prorgaming knowledge comes mainly from the numerical side of computing, and I found this course was excellent at providing a bigger insight in how numerical algorithms can be applied to real world problems, as opposed to only being able to solve analytical ones. Thank you very much for this course.positive
Great teacher who can explain concepts in easy to digest manner. Retaking some brush-up courses so I played this in the background while I was working, completed a quiz and continued the lessons. This class is also great for giving beginners a background of the web and the history of coding and web design. Really fun to listen to.positive
Nice teacher, course was nice.positive
Very basic, but very good with good didatics!positive
Great course, choc-a-bloc with fantastic resources, information and advice. Credit to the team behind it.positive
very good course to understand on how to present your work in a very structured and repeatable manner.positive
A great beginner course if you're starting out from scratch.positive
good course, thank you very much.positive
First and foremost I'm so thankful for the exposure to so much material in such a condensed schedule. Very good class. Even though I had to muscle my way through it.I think the class could be improved with one additional discussion thread for the project.A guide similar to the ones created for Inferential Statistics and Regression would also have been very helpful.I benefited immensely from reading parts of the book "An Introduction to Statistical Learning" while taking this course.positive
Instructor responds quickly to problems. Good job.positive
Very good course. very Informative.I never felt so comfortable on python basics before.Thanks Dr. Chuck :)positive
The teacher was excellent, he was very clear and pricise. I was not to happy on the final assignment as there was no real way of knowing how well you didpositive
Very good course to understand the most important basic funcionalities of Excelpositive
Great Course! very practical and well designed.positive
The course is incredibly well done, the video lessons are great, the teacher is very good and the students are participative. The only thing that got a bit behind was a deepening, although the tasks were laborious.positive
Very useful information to improve my teaching skills.positive
I loved the ideas, tips, and insights this course offered. Professor Barbara Oakley is wonderful, and I appreciated her demeanor and overall being. The Pomodoro technique has been extremely useful, and I'm looking forward to applying the other methods on more of my Coursera Studies.positive
Very informative. Loved the course. keep making more pleasepositive
Thank you Valeri and thanks to HEC Paris for this extraordinary and engaged leadership coursepositive
It was really helpful and inspiring.positive
I learnt much more than machine learning itself from this course. Prof. Ng is a great teacher. The way that he designs and teaches the course is extremely helpful for me to learn new knowledge. For every one who is new to learn machine learning and hopes to learn it, this should be his/her first course. I enjoyed the learning experience so much. Thank you Prof. Ng.positive
towards end of the course, specifically linear regression week, a lot of buzzwords are strung together. I wish, the instructor would be a little bit more sparing in their usage together (together is the keyword). Eg "This is the connection between linear regression and mutual information in a parametric model where we have gaussian distributions" I feel that each term in isolation I know what they mean, but when strung together, I am unclear how to process the meaning.positive
The course was fantastic. It was very challenging. I could do with some additional opportunities for exploratory analysis to reinforce some concepts.positive
Great info but some of the terminology was rather vague in explaining. Would of loved a glossary to refer to.positive
It would be good to have examples that are not too much inclined towards Maths.positive
The lecturers are fantastic in explaining the details and information. Really loved it right from the start of the video lectures.positive
very good course, very informative will teach you alotpositive
It was one of the best Coursera courses I have ever taken. Congratulations!!positive
It's a very good course to start learning statistics! I love instructors, they are so funny!positive
Awesome! Although you should get some python experience before taking this course. I had a blast :)positive
PERFECT COURSE TO BEGINERS OU STUDENTSpositive
Good quality information, excellent instructor.positive
This was more challenging (and fun) than the first Python class, but if you just stick with it and put your time into figuring it out, you will get it (and it's super rewarding when you do!).positive
This is my first online course i did through Coursera and it was amazing to learn basic of pythonI love Coursera.positive
Good mix of theory and practice. You are also building on top of previous lessons, so it gives good feeling of continuity.positive
Very helpful to first-time learners of the language! Thankful for the clear explanations and the pacing of the course. It really is difficult to learn a foreign language but with guides like these, the experience becomes more motivating and engaging!positive
Great Course, just felt little weak the last module about deep learning.positive
Excellent Course... It takes it to next level..positive
Great course to start playing with programming ! Dr. Chuck you rock :)positive
Helpfull lectures and good assingments for learning the fundamentals of GIS.positive
The course makes you learn:a) when you have to use Simple Past or Present Perfect;b) punctuationc) how to write in clear way.There are problems with IT platform: video often stops suddenly and sometimes it is difficult to understand where you are arrived in the course. Besides, sometimes you don't immediately understand what you have to do for passing to next step of the course.To sum up, the teacher is good. IT staff could do better.positive
An excellent course, I have learned a considerable amount about Unity.positive
Even though the professor talks in a monotone voice, I was so fascinated by the course content that I was able to overlook it.positive
Amazing But we really want some explanations in 3rd chapterpositive
very great lecture , i love it , and i am trying to use it everyday, actually I recommend lots of my friends to learn this lecture.positive
I really enjoy the course, now I have the argumentative essay structure in my mind. Thank you so much.positive
It´s a very good course, based on the information you get about food and eating. The best i get from this course is that i got interested in cooking and adding more vegetables to my plate.positive
Fantastic, thank you so much Barbara and Terry.positive
This course was a very valuable introduction to project planning & management and the terminology and techniques used. It also provided a good amount of information and was not dragged out over a long period of time.positive
a course very helpful with wonderful instructorspositive
I had heard a lot about this course. Coming from a background in programming, the material was well-structured and helpful in introducing ML concepts and very practical coursework. You won't forget that feeling after running your first number recognition program!positive
Insightful and provides a framework for design thinking - foreground a growth mindset while not neglecting disconfirming facts while experimenting!positive
It's help me to improve my grammar and punctuation alot.. Thank you UCI & thank you coursera. :Dpositive
Great course. You will not only learn how to use AngularJS but also how it works behind the scene. This just makes you understand the framework more thoroughly. I am surely gonna try other courses from this author.positive
Interesting content, great stuff for every parent.positive
The Most Amazing Course that I have taken on Coursera.positive
Goog Introduction to Internet of Things & Augmented Reality Emerging Technologies, I expected a little morepositive
Hour films are far too long for such essential informationpositive
The instructor is great and professional.positive
Very nice method to teach the basics of bootstrap frameworks. I recommend this course!positive
Nice course with brief, but usefull lectures.positive
As the course has included movies to explain important concepts, it never gets boring. As a result a link is maintained throughout. It is a small course giving a great understanding about memory.positive
Great course. One of the bests I've seen in Coursera in giving a deep content and trying to be clear. I would suggest a review of the texts givens. Sometimes the texts give some specific concept that wasn't discussed in previews classes. Having to search for it takes sometime. A Glossary for those would be very welcome.positive
This course has provided a great introduction to GIS. It was easy to follow the lectures and the assignments were really fun. In this course, although being on the introduction level, we have been provided with good explanations of how GIS works and why we, for instance, press a certain button and not another. The course has given me a better understanding of different GIS functions but also the abilty to think more independently about the logic behind these functions. I'm looking forward the next course!positive
The course is very usefull for finding more about data analytics for making faster and better decisions for business. Thank PWC for giving me this course, it will help me much for my career.positive
Very well structured course, with thoughtful and sensible quiz reviews.positive
This course is a very practical way of learning step-by-step this phantastic language and its environment. It also helps to learn some MatLab-way algorithmics. The serious and ironical at the same time style of Professor Fitzpatrick have made this course even more amusing for me. Challenging homeworks and accurate video explanations make this course great. I am looking forward you to make an advanced course and a Simulink one too if possible. Good work!positive
This was very useful. I used what was taught and had my most organized year ever! Thankspositive
Great course for people who are passionate about Geography and Geology!positive
Objective course and well illustrated, many case examples. Excellent course and very well organized. Highly recommend!positive
Amazing. Concise, well written course. Excellent video material, even better homework assignments.positive
Excellent overview of how marketing has changed as a result of the digital world. I highly recommend this course as a great update for any marketing professional who has not updated their skills to understand the powerful impact of digital tools on the marketing mix.positive
This was a highly insightful and relevant course for a marketing neophyte such as myself. Kudos to Professor Rindfleisch for explaining the subject matter with consummate perspicuity.positive
There you can find a lot of easy, but powerful tools to change your learning behaviour just in a 4 weeks.positive
Well-structured course with great content.positive
Great course for introduction to functional programming.positive
It was a nice overview. I wish some topics were discussed more in-depth and with practical examples. Yet, in general it was a nice quick refresher.positive
Brilliant formulated course with ample examples which makes the course really interesting! Recommended for first timers as well as refreshers!positive
Really Good!!!!!! Thanks for your course!positive
This is hands-down one of the most interesting courses I've attended. There are plenty of ah-ha moments here for me and I feel much wiser and connected than I have ever before. I'm only half way through too!positive
The course is easy to follow. You could start virtually with no JavaScript experience and end with ability to build responsive JavaScript application. Information across modules is organized in a way that stimulates creativity - learner is not flooded with information about each and every aspect of the framework, while still given all the necessary tools to create rich application..positive
Great for beginners in ML!positive
These courses are packed full of very useful information! I love this series!positive
Sometimes it was hard to understand the concept the professor was trying to make, because some grammatical forms were wrong and therefore the whole concept misleading. Otherwise very interesting course and thank you!positive
Love your learning approach! Perfect course! :-)positive
Perfectly done, dynamic, manageable, with sense of humor.positive
This was a really creative course! I liked it!positive
I've struggled mightily in the past with attempts at learning a programming language from the ground up. Dr. Severance really did a fantastic job with his lectures. The pace is just right for someone who doesn't just start off as a natural. Looking forward to the next course! Thank you!positive
This course helped me clear a lot of doubts as well as it introduced me to many useful things with their implementation. I must say this course is one of the best courses available on Coursera. Thanks to great instructors who helped me a lot.positive
The Mechanics of Materials course series is a must for any engineer. The material is presented in a logical and straight forward manner with applications to the real world. Dr. Whiteman is truly a a great teaching Professor!positive
gr8 course with basic detailspositive
Great introduction to using techniques in previous course with online data.positive
Great program. Well structured, with lots of additional resources that make for easier self-study. Videos are just the right length to provide the knowledge without being too long and too filled with details. All in all, this is an excellent 2nd course in my Ruby on Rails Web Development skills development.positive
An excellent course for beginning! Technical organization is very well. It would be great to have a continuationpositive
After completing this course, I have gained valuable insights in real life situations and be more aware in my own industry. This course would not only allow you to see the playing field but also to make carefully calculated decisions towards the best possible outcome.The tests are difficult and some are rather tricky. But hey, the situations we encounter in real life are far worse than these.positive
I like a lot when in the tests you have to search in a graph, it really let you know where to search some informations and also to know how other countries are in that area or situation.positive
A really good introduction to the course, well explained, good videos, I only wish I could have read the extra materials too. Only one complaint (very minor) - I live in Colombia and found a couple of references to Columbia in the materials. But overall super.positive
Basics were taught but I wish it was more advanced to the point that I would feel comfortable doing data analysis in R on my own.positive
The course was really helpfull for understanding machine learning concepts and application.positive
Very easy to understand, and excellent filming. Great job on this one!positive
Excellent for beginners looking to start with Python.positive
This course have a very good examples, thank you!positive
if you love programming and python this coures is very useful for all lifeBest cousre i see you should take itpositive
The course provides good exposure to the problems in legged robotics.The course lists multiple references to the books and articles, reading which is necessary to make this course more useful. I wish some more time would be devoted to dynamic models, including kinetic and potential energy calculation of the SLIP and other models. But one can find this kind of information elsewhere, for example, at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhk9xLjrmi4 and http://ocw.mit.edu/2-003SCF11positive
I really enjoyed discovering and testing the various option available to interface with the IOT platform.The explanations were clear and the assignment challenging but doable with the resources provided and some research.Highly recommended.positive
Very good introduction for isolation precautions and cleaning strategies in Nursing Homes. Every healthcare worker should follow this course! Also for me it is very nice to see the difference between the American and Dutch strategies.positive
A lot of the harder questions were unclear or not covered by the course. Many were passed onto "look this up yourself", which is fine, but sometimes a different approach resulted in a slightly different answer marked as wrong. The group_by stuff was especially tricky, as it was unlike its SQL counterpart and could have used a better example, eg with a function to split into quarters or group columns. Other than that, very interesting overall and very neat datasets. I would encourage having students check out kaggle.com for extra credit.positive
I have loved this adventure in Python! I thank everyone for sharing so much love. I definitely will recommend this to my friends and relatives :) KNOWLEDGE IS POWER! :)positive
Enjoyed the course. Very informative. Though Prof. Barbara is an introvert herself, her advocating face to face interactions made me rethink possibilities in my daily routine for such an experiment. Hopefully my results will be as good as the science claims. :)positive
I like the course pattern as well as contain. It gives you all introductory information about Financial Markets. I am sure that I have enough knowledge to trade in market.positive
Very well prepared, skilled instructorpositive
Really good Course if you have the time to follow all the workshops and assignments, because they take quite a lot of time to complete, so allocate some extra time so you can learn properly, the good thing is that at the end you will have a solid understanding of SQL, Query’s and how to mine data for answers. Highly recommended for SQL starters.positive
Great course! One sugestão I have is to teaching how to use FileResource,URLResource, DirectoryResource, Pixel, ImageResource, etc, without using the edu.duke, because in the real word we don’t use this library. I know this library can facilitate the coding, but when the students use another IDE, they will not can do the same coding as they used on course.positive
what a fun course on learning vanilla JS!positive
very interesting with some greatpositive
Very impressive for Andrew Ng. Thanks for Coursera's lessons to all over the world!positive
A lot of content to work through, but well worth it.An excellent professor, concepts were explained clearly, and the Programming assignments were just hard enough to be challenging, but not overwhelming.positive
This course does a great job at supplementing my University studies. Really high quality intro content.positive
little more information of the supporting programs that we are using should be provided.positive
You just must take this course!!!positive
Amazing course, real life experience contentpositive
Good course, the lab classes can be improved further.not easily comprehensivepositive
Helpful introduction to conflict resolution. I appreciated having the various categories and causes mapped out. It makes it easier to talk about conflict once you've internalized the terms of the categories: interpersonal/intergroup/intercultural, values/economic/power, etc. Looking forward to the next installment of this course.positive
It's been awesome so far!!! great work and material. Good way to teach too.Thanks a millionpositive
The course is very comprehensive and enlightening. The professor explained all the major points concerning terrorism. I would definitely recommend this course to my colleagues majoring in international affairs because it helps to understand the current state of the world from a different perspective.positive
This is an excellent beginner level course in computer programming. Easily understood and well presented.positive
An fantastic introduction into machine learning!!! Informative and fun!!positive
This course also fed my artistic fantasy and allowed me to lose myself in knowledge. I'm still going over what I learned from this course in my head. I even create aside from this course. I don't want to stop and Professor Antherpositive
You will apply your Meteor.js Knowledge doing a nice project, something you love to do, or want to do for helping people.positive
Well designed. The easy does it approach is very effective to focus on how the language works. With this method it is easier to learn Python than Ruby. I recommend it.positive
This course is awesome. It introduce the Zika virus, epidemiology, genetics, and public health. Very diverse with the main actors which re working in the Zika outbreak! Strongly recommend. I watch the material to be informed with less bias and still having a strong scientific opinion, the articles and topics to discuss are a great asset to valid your concepts. I strongly recommend!positive
This is an interesting and enjoyable course of well connected study units.positive
I really enjoyed this course. The instructors were engaging and fun. The repeated some important points effectively. The jokes and things were a bit silly but very memorable and fun. I would like the ability in the mobile app to be able to pre-download videos and to slightly speed up the playback speed.positive
Wonderful course, so helpful if you are in to Business.positive
Very good introduction to Scala! Huge thanks to the teaching stuff!positive
so far, this course has benefited me beyond any expectations! I'm forever grateful for taking this course and I highly recommend it for everyonepositive
Although not as strong as the other palaeontology courses by the University of Alberta, the current courses takes much the same approach and uses the same teaching techniques as these other courses. As such, it easily and effectively gets the millions of years of early vertebrate evolution across clearly and concisely. The video lectures are both interactive and fun, and the course notes are both informative and well adjusted to the video lectures. If there is anything to be remarked upon, then it's the slight lack of depth as pertains to the material covered. This, however, is hardly surprising considering the highly complex material (drawing from fields as osteology, paleoecology, evolutionary and developmental biology, palaeontology and more), the speed at which it is discussed, and the level of accessibility that is provided. Overall, a very good course, and one I very much enjoyed following!positive
Great course for very beginnerspositive
Wonderful course !!!! describing efficient basic Algorithms.positive
This is the best course in ML...Prof Carlos and Prof Fox are the best ....Would recommend for evryonepositive
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career.Please, take a look at my LinkedIn profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11I did this course to get new knowledge about Data Science and better understand the technology and your practical applications.The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.positive
It really helps me review my diet. Thank you.positive
Very good course on Social Networks, and also a hard one even for graduate level. Generally assignments are not too tough but fully understanding all the concepts take lots of extra readings.positive
Excellent course ! Having Gary Burton as teacher is priceless.positive
I like the way everything was presented and taught. I learned a lot. Thank you!positive
That's a good startup to excite you about the coming courses!positive
This course is totally awesome! Statistical inference is critical in any science. Why collect data if we do not know what to infer from the data? Unfortunately, many disciplines use outdated or incorrect practices. This course provides an excellent review of state of the art approaches and provides students with many thought-proving opportunities to practice their inferential skills. As a professor of Psychology, I am not embarrassed to say that I learned lots from this course. The lectures, demos, and R scripts are useful tools that I will integrate in my teaching and my own research. Although the course topic is challenging, the course is organized well and does not drown students in technical terms. However, if you take this course, you better be serious and dedicated. The course is challenging, but the knowledge and skills gained are a rewarding experience.positive
Great course, and the well chosen case examples like Threadless, Thingiverse and Local Motors brought alive and reinforced understanding of concepts like crowdsourcing, 3D printing and co-creationpositive
Very interesting course a great start for an specializationpositive
Great course. Really enjoy the pace of the lessons and videos provided! Supplemental reading suggestions are added good reinforcement to the lessons.positive
Great course, especially useful to learn the specific vocabulary and get insights into Financial Analysis. I found some topics could have been explained more thoroughly, for example regarding the evaluation of discount rates or number of time period (we have the criteria, but no example of a method). Previous accounting knowledge is a requirement in my view.positive
Brings together a lot of the 'book' theory in a pretty comprehensive and comprehensible form, with playing examples individually and in ensemble. Having struggled with some of this material in the past, I found Dariusz explanations really helped me move my comprehension of this subject area along quite dramatically.positive
very important for every person to knowpositive
Great course. Worth every pennypositive
The first lesson was very good i will today and maybe tomorrow see the next lesson and i hope that it is also goodpositive
I took this course 3 times as a student, and I absolutely loved it! The lectures are interesting, relevant, and entertaining. I'm grateful to be a CTA/Mentor.positive
Because I did not purchased the course, I was not able to do the quizzes, however I learned something about the Blues.positive
Loved it. In-depth framework on how to formulate the theories of stratpositive
Great Course , Amazing Proffesor. I enjoyed it a lot. Worth takingpositive
It is a course that very single person has to take, in order to improve diet habits.positive
Excellent course. 100% useful to teachers. My life has changed immensely after studying this course.positive
The videos were informative but i didn't feel like we used the concepts from the videos very frequently.positive
Great course, lives up to the expectation!positive
Quite an introduction! Scott is nice and you can understand each concept well. My recommendation: use discussion forum to read more about the information in the course.positive
Fantastic course! Great teachers and very nice to see real-world applications in action. Would have rated 5 stars if an open source library like scikit-learn were used. Students can still use sklearn, but all the examples are using GraphLab Create, a great library, but you need a very expensive (at least for my budget) license to use it commercially.positive
Better than any other java course.positive
I really enjoyed this course. It's challenging and helps you develop a great functional programming mindset. I remember those classes I attended several years ago when I was struggling with learning Java, compare with that bad experience I could learn Scala just in 4 weeks much obliged to you Dr. Odersky and your colleagues that make learning process to be a breeze. Thank you!positive
Very good coverage of different supervised and unsupervised algorithms, and lots of practical insights around implementation. All the explanations provided helped to understand the concepts very well.positive
Excellent Professor !!! Many thanks for being so clear and passionatepositive
Prepares students for life and the following courses in the specializationpositive
A great introduction to the field of epidemiology. The lectures are easy to follow and understand. I liked the examples, which also gave a good insight in studies and possible opportunities to apply the gained knowledge.positive
Great Introduction to the fundamental concepts of Data Sciencepositive
Useful course, very funny thanks to Charles :)positive
BEST & MOST INTERSTING COURSE I'VE TAKENpositive
Totally very helpful , I thank Barbara a lot , she is doing a really great job . Greetings from Kosova!!positive
Love this course, easy and interesting to follow.positive
Very good. it would be great if our teacher suggests us some guide book or task book.tkspositive
the teacher is amazing I wish he was the same one who teach us the rest of fullstack of webdevelopmentpositive
I really enjoyed the course. Thank you.positive
Really excellent course. Great pacing with a really good book (did not watch the videos). The book is fantastic.positive
Great introduction to the specialization!positive
The course is great! Colleen made it really clear and easy to understand. To be honest, this is the first ever course that I have sticked around till the very end and successfully completed it. I would never expect that my first completed course is an HTML5 course. I loved the course and enjoyed it. I am going to continue learning web design with Colleen. Thank you Colleen for the awesome course!positive
I very much enjoyed this course!positive
Lots to learn, and it was presented in a very easy to follow format.positive
Thank you so much for instructing Ana Pelayo.positive
A great course, with a good programation. I think that it was really importante for my carrer.positive
It was really good course, got to know lot of new things. I am glad that I took this course.positive
Engaging and stimulating, this course offers fresh perspectives on looking at the world. With captivating video lectures backed with interviews with world-class experts on subject matters, this course is a must for those interested in the intersection of Buddhism and modern psychology. A big thank you to Mr. Wright for putting all the material together. Thank you!positive
Great teacher!Congratulations, University of Michigan!positive
Very good course, simple and easy to follow.positive
Very good introduction that gives a high level view of financepositive
Informative course, very well organized, and very useful tools & strategies presented in the course. The presentations are a bit deadpan, and the assignments aren't overly helpful (only quizzes), but the content is good.positive
Same as the 3 previous courses in this specialization, this one is also very informative. And the explanations are very clear.Only one thing I realize after these 4 courses -- exercises are all very simple, or rather, the difficult part of the exercises are already made, and we only need to add very simple part of the code. This way we don't get much practice. As a result, when i wanted to program something myself, i needed to search for references constantly. But probably the final project of the specialization is exactly there to cover the practicing part. Looking forward to it.positive
Was clearly structured, contained great content, and constantly highlighted the key takeaways regarding the infrastructure of Smart Cities.positive
Easy to understand, simple and effective.positive
Dr Chuck is AWESOME! He breaks Python down and makes it understandable.positive
The classes are crystal clear. even a person without any computer knowledge can understand them.positive
I really liked the optional lectures with deeper explanations.positive
I like the course, but I'd like to have deeper information about HTML5 and more exercises for learning and practicing. Also, there's few info about hosting and managing your website. Hope i'll find it in sooner courses of this university.positive
Very good introduction to this hugely important subject.positive
Interesting course. I would have liked to have more on meditation but otherwise it was ok.positive
There wasn't a list of suggested Reading, but It is really motivating to make the difference in buspositive
Great way of teaching, interesting, not boring at all. Usefull in the life of everyday.positive
This is a really practical and interesting course that I enjoyed. I would recommend it to anyone who is serious about learning.positive
Amazing course! I would recommend it to everybody!positive
I really liked the course. I just wish it was more practice heavy and the lectures were broken up more and there were quizzes during the lectures to keep you engaged more and make it more interactive.positive
I think it is great to have such helpful websites.positive
Very good course for beginner to know about rock history,looking forward to join the Part.2positive
The project for this course, as with all in the specialization, really emphasized the learning. The peer review did, too.positive
Great job! I've really enjoyed this course and learned really helpfull things.positive
This course has been an integral part in my work promotion.positive
Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. God Bless UC Irvine!positive
Very GoodIs excellent complement for my, because it is a new form for knowledge the gramatic and noun, pronoun of Managment Leadership.positive
If you choose to follow this course, you will have to invest a lot of time. There are few videos, but you will go through a lot of exercises that will make you learn (or recall, like in my case) SQL in a very effective way.positive
Interesting to know about Data Scientist and the tools. Eagerly waiting to go through the next lessonpositive
great course and valuable material that is worth to learn .positive
Love this study about different language learning approach! I learned a lot about ESL/EFL　history. Teacher is so funny. He'll be a good actor if he no longer want to work as a teacher^^positive
Great!!! I love this copositive
very inspiring and motivating. It gave a lot of knowledge and I will go on with their coursespositive
This is the most challenging course I have ever took. And its also gave me lot of experience.Thank you very much, EVERYBODYpositive
Very good course for the basics of Pythonpositive
Great course. Comprehensive and practical. Very clear explanations.positive
Clear. Concise. Practical. Well structured. Useful presentations. Nice pace.positive
Advantages of Functional programming clearly evident after attending this course and is much easier to follow compared to reading Books on FPpositive
Very informative. This is obviously [now] an incredibly complicated and important issue.My personal preference would to have a bit more science science and a little less social science among the topics.positive
The course is practical, insperational and well organize. The material arepositive
I had zero experience and I wanted to break into programming in the worst way. This course not only made me feel like it was possible, but it also made me excited to continue learning. !!!!positive
I am learning a lot.positive
Great course! Great presentations and well structured! Would've been nice to get some answers from the professional on the discussion board...positive
Very great course, the lectures were interactive, very fast and straight to the point.positive
Along this course, I discovered the importance of the introspection, how can you discover your strengths to improve them, and your weaknesses to work on them.positive
Nice course, with amazingly interesting contents and really useful teaching lessons. Highly recommended, non only from a professional point of view, also for the day to day life out of the office.positive
Great course for students who need to polish their English or refresh some grammar and punctuation. I'm a teacher of ESL, and I got new sources to explain punctuation, conjunctions and tenses to my students.positive
I think this course was worth taking an I thoroughly enjoyed through every bit of the lessons.positive
The topics are covered perfectly in such a way that every learner can digest the content by spending some time on them. After that, learners can able to learn most of the basics of OOP. The homeworks are also well designed and helpful. Thanks to the creators of this course and the instructors.positive
Excelent course. Good balance between being comprehensive and holding interest. The assignments are also appropriate and comlkement the course well.positive
Facinating study of a period that was relatively unknown. The information and insight gained makes the reading of the Biblical books more understandable.positive
Yet again, professor Michael Mannino presents a very well prepared course that achieves optimal results in limited time. in this course, he ties everything together from the first two courses and gives good practice with real world requirements.just putting these courses on my CV helped me to get my first job with Data Warehouses. and then i found myself well prepared for the challenges of my new job. THANK YOU!positive
This course is brilliant.The lectures are full of information, but they're also funny, engaging and always enjoyable. And there are loads of them (25 hrs?), so this feels like quite a thorough introduction to calculus.Some of the exercises are pretty tough for a newcomer like me, but the answers are always thoroughly explained. The lack of a hard time limit is very welcome because it gives you time to take in new ideas at your own pace, without rushing you through assignments or tests.What's more, it's all free. Hats off!positive
It was fun doing this course and at the same time was quite informative. The small things matters most is what you realise and long time back Mahatma Gandhi has said most of the things especially the economic and ecological aspects of our food consumption and habits and has predicted the difficulties we would face. JC Kumarappa on Economy of Permanence is a good read in this regard. Excellent presentation and even a kid will watch it with great interest.positive
I've been through several courses over the past year, some really good, some pretty poor, both here and on Edx, but this one has really no match to find. I would recommend this to anyone, and especially to those planning on creating a MOOC, as this one is really a state of the art :)positive
It is very useful for my learning in the feature.positive
Great stuff. Lots of applicable perspectives and ideas not just to entrepreneurship, but daily interactions as well.positive
very helpful. I hope she there are more learning chinese course not for beginner, for higher leverpositive
It's a good course although I wished it used more strategic techniques.positive
It's a wonderful course. Covers all the basic concepts of OOP and provides the knowledge to develop an interesting and interactive application.The instructors have a student friendly teaching technique .This has helped me a lot. Thanks to the staff of UCSD and coursera.positive
great structure & lots of useful info!positive
Is the first MOOC I finish! And I have been enrolled to quite a few!I take strategies for studying that I'm already applying.I can't mark the five stars, although I've clicked on them.positive
Definitely useful to get a start in the data science streampositive
Very good course, but it is not "advanced strategy".positive
Good overview, though sometimes hard to follow if you're a complete newbiepositive
Assignments were too easy, and were really "fed" to us. Also, I liked better the setting in the previous course where Dr. Chuck was in his office and we always saw his screen.positive
I am really interesting in this course. Thanks for Stanford Universitypositive
too few programming assignments :-(positive
Very well made and understandable, with a lot of examples.Really help me learn and I learned a lot from it!positive
love it. the best everpositive
it is an awsome coursethank youpositive
Programming makes sense to me now.The course material is well thought out and progresses in a way that allows for full understanding of how the language works. I have tried learning Python, C++, and Java from other sources; this is the first time I feel I have been successful. I want't to learn more!positive
ONLY ONE WORD: WONDERFUL !!!!!positive
This is a fantastic course. It has greatly kindled my interest in cryptography, and I look forward to learning more on the subject from Prof Dan Boneh.positive
It's a very good course.positive
Fun and filled with Brilliance!positive
This course has been a wonderful resource about learning and I feel it has equipped me with many efficient tools of learning such as The Pomodoro technique, the importance of sleep, the importance of subconscious mind and the diffused mode of thinking and various ways of grasping the material and retaining it in our long term memory such as recall, testing, and spaced repetition and all of this has only made me a better learner. So I am really grateful to Coursera for giving us the opportunity to learn, and to our instructors, Barbara Oakley and Terry Sejnowski for dedicating their time and compiling such an amazing course.positive
Very useful! Lots of examples to get the best idea of how to organize yourself.positive
my first course, and i liked !positive
Very interesting course!!Requiring almost no background, this course offers me an opportunity to be acquainted with the basic ideas in the field of Neuroeconomics.Besides, it also has many applications in our daily life. It's both insightful in academic research and practical in life.positive
I found the course quite useful. It was my first but not last step to join the machine learning world. Course's scope makes me feel now i'm familiar with lots of concepts of ML research space. It was also easily understandable, and also not hard to deal with even for some specific lessons that required a bit attention.Overall, i'm happy to take this course as my first step to machine learning and i advise it to everyone who wants to improve himself/herself or start a new career path on ML.positive
v good and I learn v easypositive
This is an introduction to PE. How it works? The basic framework of starting a PE.positive
Great course! The course content is very good and the length is appropriated.positive
This course helped me a lot to better understand the financial markets , and the different assets in which we can invest. The presentation was simple and clear in most of the modules. Maybe more examples and detailed description needed in company evaluation especially for students with moderate mathematical background. The module of Bonds needs -in my opinion - reconstruction so that we can read and understand the changes in Bonds' prices we find in the economical websites and newspapers. Anyway, the course is motivating to know more & extend our knowledge. Thanks a lot to all the professors and lecturers who prepared that course. Special thanks to Dr. Michelle and Dr. Ines for their attractive and simple approach. I recommend this course to all interested in investment management either for themselves or for professional purposes.positive
A great course into a totally new concept. Explains in great depth, the myriad opportunities Design Thinking brings for all of usKudos to the Team of Design Thinkingpositive
Literally for "Everybody"... Starts right from the very basics. If you are used to one or more programming languages, you can finish it off in a few hours..positive
very good course for beginners to learn MLpositive
I am a pharmacist and I'm recommending pharmacists too to enroll in this course. Yes, it is true that I myself am into reviewing the Nutritional Values of every item I shop and often compare one against another brand. But this course changed my mind. Thank you Maya for sharing this. Mothers, wives, and health care practitioners must do this firstly and make themselves healthy first before making a difference to another's health. Have a great day!positive
This course offers a broad, honest and critical view on the production and evaluation of RCTs. It is a useful introduction to the theme, although a small background may be required for full exploitation of its resources. I would highly recommend it for any student or professional in health care - being you directly involved with research or not.positive
Well structured and well paced.positive
It was really a great journey to learn Business Writing Skills ! This course did add a lot to my Tool Box for the Writing, Editing & Proof Reading for Good Business Memo. I would like to recommend this course to all those, who want to be a good writer for the Business.positive
Great. Specially weeks 4 and 5.positive
The videos are short, very visual, and straight to the point. I loved the instructor's positive attitude and the way she presented information. I recommend taking this class for every mommy who wishes her child to be in good health!positive
This was a wonderfully developed overview of music therapy. The instructors were knowledgeable and their interviews engaging to watch. The plethora of information between the videos, writings and articles were second to none. Well done! Clearly a lot of effort on the part of the instructors. My only difficulty was that for the final assignment, I had so many things running through my head that I had to narrow down and focus what I wanted to present. I could have written a dozen different scenarios with all the information I gathered from this course. It was well worth my time and money for the certificate. I would love to take a followup course.positive
Basics of psychology, very friendly and nice professor. A good introduction.positive
Quite basic and clear for JAVA beginnerspositive
The course was really elaborate and resourceful. I have already recommended my colleagues to do this course. I am planning to enroll myself into the next course of the Project Management - Budgeting and Scheduling Projects.positive
A well-balanced staff and selection of lecturers. A proper provision of the tools necessary to understand and practice the material. A very enjoyable and diverse course!positive
Good teacher, objective approach, interesting, informative and enough material.positive
This was a great course that teaches the fundamentals. great exercises. I would recommend this as a first course before starting anything else that uses pythonpositive
Very good course to start learning Python collections. Thanks!positive
Awesome..... The lectures are very helpful to the students or gis learners who wants to do some on-line, especially the final project was awesome... i really enjoyed and learned much more things...positive
I thought the course was good - but I think the final case study could have been more specific. I reviewed a lot of colleagues and the quality greatly varied though most got the answers correct since it was a quite general question.positive
Very accessible to beginners. A fair overview of the main algorithms and a lot of advice on how to deal with actual systems and real life applications. Highly recommended.positive
It would be very, very beneficial if maybe one or two more videos were added to dive in-depth into ADTs and their method callback run-time analysis. Aside from that this class was educational and interesting as expected.positive
Helpful for the newcomer of implantologypositive
Good resource to learn Philosohpy of Cognitive Sciencespositive
Excellent course, funny, intelligent and very useful.positive
very well put together. easy to fit into my schedule, short videos make it easy to dive in and pace yourself.positive
This course is a great introduction into the three main technologies of the internet. The lectures are understandable and insightful.positive
one of the most enjoyable course ever!positive
Interesting and well presented.Why questions are so much more important than what.positive
Great course with great amount of knowledge ... thanks to all who made this happen ..special thanks to professor Charles he really has a great way of teaching.positive
Fantastic Course! I am a lifelong learner with little time. I took this course to learn the best methods to becoming a better student and learner. If you are time crunched, take this class!positive
Amazing course, from an exceptional professor! The instructor is very explanatory and uses several examples to make sure that the course's concepts are understood. I only had a very small background on Finance before taking this course, yet I managed to grasp all that was tought very well!On a special note, I also loved the accompanied course material provided. It is comprised of a few chapter samples from two of the professor's books and it has a very engaging and easy-to-understand writing style!I reassure you that this is one of the best courses on the subject that Coursera has to offer and I would be very excited if it had a follow-up course in the future!positive
I think its a straightforward course thus being effective. It talks about the mindshift needed and the tools available. It also brings several good examples. I also like Professor Liedtka enthusiasm and holistic vision.positive
Un curso impresionante, inclusive para quienes (como yo) tienen experiencia previa en cursos de nivel universitario en aprendizaje automático. El profesor es extraordinario, y las clases son excelentemente llevadas adelante por el profesor, quien es un GURU en la materia. Absolutamente recomendado.--An impressive course, including for those who (like me) had previous experience with University level courses regarding machine learning. The teacher is extraordinary, and the classes are excellently taught by the teacher, who is a GURU in this topic. Absolutelly recommended!positive
Very well prepared course. Like to learn.positive
A comprehensive course that provides deep insight into how to thematically view art. The course also taught me how to make connections between various artworks.positive
Great class!! Highly recommended! Thx Andrewpositive
What a great course! thanks Andrew!!positive
Simply yet informing and concisepositive
Great course! Amazing opportunity to be taught by G. Hinton, probably the world leading academic in this area.positive
Interesting, innovator, completly recommended. If you like microbes and are interested on the latest research of microbiome you should take this course.positive
it was a great course. Mr. Chuck, knows how to teach quality material to the masses. i would only suggest that on the programming assignments, it would be best if the instructor doesn't write half of the code. one reason is that having some of the code written would make that student think that the piece of code provided must be a part of the whole code. and as i worked on the programming assignments i realized that much of the code provided wasn't needed, in fact it took me longer than necessary to solve the assignments because i kept using the code provided, and upon solving the assignment none of the code that was provided was a part of the code i wrote. ....on to the next course. Data Structure.thank you coursera and UM.positive
Great project, very hands onpositive
Excellent course.Great content, tasks and learning environment.It helped me to rediscover my love for creating music and how well suited Ableton is to my way of working.positive
Very interesting and great way to learn the basics of marketing of the new ear.positive
Excellent Course , Phenomenal exposure to Contemporary Debates and theories !positive
Great course, provides with an interesting explanation/metaphores of how your brain works and gives useful tips how to enhance your learning process and avoid common mistakes. Thanks a lot!positive
Pretty good course. Starts from very beginning of ML. Maybe there are too little of maths here (I needed to check and recap some chapters of algebra), but all presented concepts are reviewed very clear. Assignments are also very good and code from them is useful not only for the course.positive
It's a great course. I realice that I was learning in the wrong way and it's very helpful to know how your brain works. Thank you for the tips and exercices that will help me to be an expert in the art of learning.positive
Simple, Fast way you experience pythonpositive
I've done this course before. It is one of the best course I've ever done in my life.positive
Nice introductory course to learning, which fills an important gap in education. I would have personally liked a little more rigour to the assignments and material, but the current level is, I suppose, targeted to participants of all kinds, which is fair.positive
Thanks to everyone involved with the design and creation of this course.This course added a lot to my knowledge, I hope to meet them again.positive
As an expecting mother, this course was just what I was looking for! Thank you, Miss Maya & family. And thank you for making this available to me, Stanford School of Medipositive
I found this course VERY helpful. The way Andrew teaches the machine learning concepts is unparalleled! The course is well structured, well-timed, and well presented. I also appreciate the practical experience that I came away with by doing the Octave exercises. Because I was engaged, I think I have retained at least 90% of what was taught. Thank you Andrew and the forum moderators. Thank you to other students for sharing their insights as well.positive
In the assignment of week2 , the Algorithm was not made clear.positive
Great course, the professor Shiller is very kind in his way of teaching, and I learned a lot about the financial markets, I hope in the future I can expand my knowledge about this area.positive
Excellent, I've learned new ways to be a leader and how to manage change in business.positive
It really helps! And not only for the beginners!positive
Very excellent course. I have learnt a lot of learning skills and English from the class. The course is very interesting and plentiful, I even can't stop listening to the lessons ob by one. What's more, I have been unconsciously using the learning skills to learn.positive
The instructor is really really nice!positive
This course is great, finally that line in my resume is not a lie) I wish we went through this course on coursera back then in my university instead of SQL lessons that we had.I really apreciated the realistic setup for practice and rather big number of given exercises - very usefull for digestion of information. And by the way Jana is the best lecturer among all the ones I've seen on Coursera, very live, open, enthusiastic and giving information with structure and to the point. Thank you, it was a pleasure.positive
Good course, fast and easy to getCould be enhanced by a few practical examples where the formulas presented could make more sensepositive
Great introductory course to big data!positive
Excellent course. Very informative yet I finished the course with so many new many questions that only a deeper study would answer! Kudos to all involved!positive
EXCELLENT COURSE THE BEST BLUES COURSE. I RECOMMEND THIS COURSE FOR STUDENTS ADVANCED AND BEGINNERS.positive
I enjoyed this course extremely!positive
one of the greatest course i have ever studied , really great instructor , he knows how to force the knowledge inside your headpositive
Exceptional course. Thanks Andrew and all the staff!positive
I think this course is very useful and have helped to improve my organization skills.Thank you very much.positive
A very informational course. Gives a good overview of the concept. Only if they add recent developments and updates on infectious diseases like Zika and Ebola, it would be great.positive
Good Course! Great introduction about time management tools, tips, and best practices. Could be better with more realistic examples.positive
so useful and interesting! Thanks for teaching me!positive
This course is very helpful, especially before you start to learn other course.positive
Too good....actually I am 14 and I have a great interest in Physics...I really fell in love with this course...The explanation, experiments are really appreciable..positive
This course is missing content but it is still very interesting to work on the exercises provided.positive
Finished it in 7 days because it was so interesting. Registered last Thursday, finished today.It was a great course, the first three weeks was the most enjoyable. I personally think week 5 was the most strenuous, but cruised through it nevertheless.Week 3, 4, and 6 were easy.Great course. Would recommend. Sadly, there aren't many courses covering the same topic on a deeper level on the internet.positive
Really great course! Thanks for it!positive
I will take all the 5 coursespositive
It was a great course.The topics were well understood and the techniques used to make the games are providing a good basis for further game dev learning (in unity)positive
Good class. The discussion format with the group chatting was a little tedious even though the information was interesting.positive
I came here curious about the chain rule (in connection with computing gradients for neural networks back-propagation) and to brush up calculus so I could help my high schooler kid. I ended up relearning lots of old skills as well as some techniques that I didn't remember (or didn't learn well enough back in high school). Prof Fowler is very engaging and a great teacher. I found his attempts to prove the same idea from multiple viewpoints very interesting. The self-paced setup of the course is also quite helpful, and the mandatory exercises at the end of each section help to reinforce the material. So great course and a great implementation!positive
Fabulous and interesting course which not only clears our doubts regarding wireless communication technologies but also helps us to improve the fundamentals of the era of communication.positive
I found the course useful as an overview into the process of design thinking. The content was delivered in an engaging manner and the examples and case studies were memorable.positive
great course!Angrew Ng is a great scientist and teacher .I love himpositive
Well presented, wonderful insight into the world of the ancient Greeks. I learnt a lot, and it has whetted my appetite for more. I really loved this course, and enjoyed it very much indeedpositive
Great and Engaging videos , Just enough time is given to assimilate the course content . Love the exercises.positive
This is an excellent course. Very clear lectures with good real world examples. Highly recommended!positive
Very well explained. Plenty of learning material.positive
While to introductory, yet very good.positive
Going in detail and things are explained thoroughly, stuffed with fun :) . Yes, you will really understand what i have meant on taking this course :)positive
Really helpful. I wish I had this course at school/university.positive
I missed more pratical exercises about it.positive
Great course. I keep learning a lot.positive
It was great, I really like it ....positive
very nice , thanks to Andrew NG !positive
Peer-Grading assignment is not completely fair. Depending on them is not logical since not all of them are fully educated in this course that's the reason we're taking the course in the first place. but over all it is good and the proff is amazing.positive
Thank you so much!! I not only enjoyed it but also learnt a lot! Again, thank you!positive
A good introductory course .. well explainedpositive
Absolute must when starting in machine learningpositive
A bit tough, but really worth the effort.positive
Easy to understand and great for a beginner.positive
This was a great course because I like a good challenge; it was way more difficult than I had previously anticipated. The course shined a light on some things that I normally wouldn't give much thought to, and as someone who currently holds a position at a company that is in the F&B industry, it was quite inspiring, to say the least.positive
I am 54 years old and, although impossible to have taken it when I studied my career back in the 80's, I regret not have taken it before. First thing I will do now is tell my kids to take it. Thanks a LOT.positive
it's a great course for people who want to learn easily the base of this program!positive
This course does not say anything about digitization which is the core subject of the digital wave.negative
This course doesn't contain any new information. It does not teach you but just excitedly shows commonly known facts.There are better ways to invest your time.negative
While there is some interesting content, particuarly in the last week on design thinking, some of the course topics don't seem to hold together well, and the videos include a lot of monotonous talking heads. While this conveys the benefit of being able to listen to some of the videos without consistently watching, the interview questions asked of speakers are sometimes printed on the screen and not asked verbally. If you're not watching, you miss the questions. I would like to see this course refocused on design thinking for 3D printing, with other applications interspersed as examples rather than constituting the lion's share of the course. I believe that format would both be more engaging and do a better job of delivering skills with more opportunity for practice.negative
I do not find very interesting this course. too many interviews. It could works for the first course, but not for the second. I was expecting to have more technical material and lessons.negative
A lot of speaking without any sense. Skip it at all costnegative
This course doesn't contain any new information. It does not teach you but just excitedly shows commonly known facts.There are better ways to invest your time.negative
I didn't really care about the stories from the students or seeing the space for one whole lecture video. It's clear that Ultimaker is the sponsor, but it felt like a commercial. I want to learn more.negative
It's not a course... this is a very short general introduction to 3D Printingnegative
First of all, I really enjoyed Professor Ittner's presentations. Sadly, his presentation was only 25% of the course. Professor Ittner was very direct but also was very engaging in how he delivered his content. I had a good feeling that I could really understand the material he was teaching. If I could give a rating for just Professor Ittner, I would give a 5 star rating. Now, this is why I am giving this course a 1 star rating. But I do have to say, going into the depths of Accounting Analytics is not easy. You really need to have a good grasp of Accounting otherwise you will get lost. Professor Bushee did not make the first 3 weeks really easy to get through. While I enjoyed his examples & case studies, he simply did not do a great job of really explaining and illustrating the concepts he was teaching. And worst of all, he setup a digitally generated classroom where he had his computer generated students ask pointless questions, make pointless statements, or answer with pointless statements/answers. I really wish I had the time to analyze how much of the course time he spent doing this, I would estimate that it's around 10% but it could very well be higher. There are so many different examples to pick form, but I'll just pick a few here. "I didn't read the Iliad or Odyssey some I'm not going to ask you to" in reference why in regression there are Greek letter used for coefficients (it's a fair assumption that someone taking this class understands coefficients), a 30 second exchange where a PC generate student says that they're "stocked" to run some regression followed by Proffessor Bushee informing us that "we're going to run some narly regressions", Professor Bushee saying he doesn't know how to perform Earning Management Analysis on Mars but he certainly knows how to do it on Earth, and a joke why people don't like accountants. These segments add absolutely zero value. They lengthen the time of the course. To make maters worse, I'm sure Proffessor Bushee had to spend even more time creating this additional interaction together.negative
No practical knowledge learnd and no clear examples of the topics. Too complex all the coursenegative
weeks 1,2 and 3 were not satisfactory according to me. the video lectures were difficult to comprehend. week 4 was very good.negative
The three first weeks were almost completely dedicated to traditional finance accounting ratio analysis.negative
Course was not easy to grasp, lost interest after the first week and I barely got through the quiz at the end.negative
Professors need to undergo a presentation and Instruction Design skills. They were talking a lot and everything was going over my head, the reason was there were not visual prompt for the examples, specifically in the last week.negative
The Capstone project has been getting delayed since JanDont expect yourself to complete the specializationnegative
Easiest accounting common sense. If you ever took acct , this will be a wasting of time.negative
While I enjoyed this course and the topics covered, I don't feel like the course content matched what the course description stated it was supposed to. I enrolled in the Business Analytics Specialization course with a focus on analyzing a business from the inside, not outside. Of the 4 weeks of the course, I'd say that only week 4 was valid from an internal perspective but it was kept very high level. I'd say this course could be good for a specialization in business market analysis, but not as advertised.I also found the cartoon classroom questions to be very annoying, almost as bad as fingernails on a blackboard.negative
Lot of considerably complex and dry (accounting and statistics!) subject matter covered at a high level without much discussion! Quiz questions are unnecessarily complex - which (IMHO) will discourage / turn off those who are new to this subject matter in completing this course. The last week is pretty interesting though!I am taking the full business analytic course - and find that the quality and complexity of content is all over the place!! Some are way too simple and some are highly complex.negative
I didn't like that course because of:-weak explanations of algorithms-almost all assignments I googled, I spent all my time googling these algorithms-when code is submitted and something goes wrong It is not possible to understand what is really happenednegative
poor course. never give any algorithm. No clue where the problem come from. The forum is only help a few people. No general ideas how to solve the problem. waist a lot of time debugging but still couldn't pass the assignment.total waste my time and garbage course.negative
Inadequate student and teacher participation on forums, leaving students to figure things out without assistance or collaboration. Insufficient explanation of math concepts required to fully understand lectures.negative
Mo comment went way too fast no contact not deepnegative
Don't recommend.You're better off skimming through the ableton manual and using the search function to get the answers you want.negative
the introduction to Fusion is more a customer presentation to advanced CAD user than a tutorial for newbies.negative
is a very very boring curse, don't recommend anyone, please for your good at everyboduy else kill this course, don't embarrass yourself and the universities that representsnegative
I am dropping this course. don't e-mail any more for this course. How do I unroll in this course.negative
So far the course is just a tutorial for using Scratch and they're not teaching how to program that is the name of the course.negative
The male Professors seem to speak Chinese half the time, therefore not being able to understand the material for students who aren't fluent in Chinese. I prefer the female Professor from Advanced Neurobiology I who presented the material in English, and in an engaging and coherent way.negative
If you don't speak Chinese it's a terrible course...The lectures are recorded from lectures at university and the rhythm is very slow and not very well explained (at least the first week). The transcriptions into English are incomplete, so understand this course is very very complicated.I do not recommend it at all.negative
The course content is great, but peer evaluation is simply useless and almost random. This specialisation needs to introduce an actual final assessment by an actual expert, not peers.negative
I was terribly disappointed in this course. Mr. Onuf spends the majority of these lectures implying what Jefferson thinks without discussing much in the way of actual history. Further, the course seems more of a commercial for the University of Virginia than anything else. Overall, a waste of time.negative
The lectures are just videos of the professor bloviating about Jefferson. There is nothing academic about this course.negative
79 USD? just to be able to submit peer-graded assignments... talk about greednegative
while the task of summing up a lot of information in a minimum sized presentation is always a very difficult task, the structure of the material presented was not optimal. This in turn made it difficult for me personally to actually connect the weekly information presented with the overall meaning and the objective of each module. The "why" and "how" of most modules fit to the meaning we are forming (up to week 5 -the point I am leaving this class) is not evident. Last, some of the questions contained ambiguities that could not be reasonably clarified even going back and reviewing the material of the specific segment. Thank you for the offered class in any case.negative
It says 'advanced writing' but it is advanced for college students, not advanced overall. I found it extremely basic.negative
It helps you build your essay-writing muscles gradually. Too much emphasis on plagiarism. Some flaws in the grading forms. The level of the participants is quite mixed, most feedback they give is useless ("good").negative
It is not very "advanced"negative
Extremely poor quality of instruction. The lectures themselves are little more than the material being read directly off the slides by an individual with a poor grasp on the English language. The majority of the slides are walls of unclear and non-descriptive text. Even with reading directly from the slides, the lecturer is overly circumstantial in her explanations if not just outright tangential. I commend the authors for putting together a course outside of their native language but, in this case at least, it does more harm than good.In short, this course has the air of a group of first year students giving a presentation verbatim from the slides, as another commenter also mentioned below.negative
This course is a discreditation to coursera, and it's low standards are appalling. From a purely certificate based perspective, the only requirement to complete the course are completely the quizzes. They are short, and can easily be googled, or the slides can be downloaded and the answers simply CRTL+F for keyboards. There is zero need to watch the lectures ( at least for the first 2 weeks).The lectures are terrible themselves. The English is beyond horrible, and I don't understand the modern culture of having teachers teach in languages they can't speak. It is purely reading off the slides in any case, word for word. I learned more about the basics in neuroscience in a 20 minutes lecture from a separate course, "Computational Neuroscience" than the entire first week here.If you actually want to learn neuroscience, check out HardvardX's intro course.negative
This is the worst, most pathetic course I have taken online. If Peking University believes this is their best - I'll not be taking another course with them. The instructor's command of the English language is awful and the sub-titles are some help, but not a lot. Instructors are just talking faces up front - they cannot teach. They may be great in the lab, but keep them out of the classroom. I toughed out the course, but it only got worse. I had originally signed up for parts 1 and 2 of this course. Canceled part 2. The use of slides that are not clear / too small and not on the screen long enough to digest the information did not help. Do yourself a favor - avoid this course. As a side note - I have taken in excess of 25 online courses, this was the most painful.negative
Very boring... The professor is just reading (with a bad English). The illustrations are also very boring...negative
The professor is reading long texts. It is not really attractive.negative
I greatly enjoyed the material presented in this course and while I do not doubt the proficiency of it's creators the poor standard of spoken English of its two main presenters prevents me from recommending it to colleagues. As another reviewer has remarked, their English may be quite sufficient for day to day use with other experts but for inadequate for teaching students who are hearing many technical terms for the first time. The transcripts are no better and also contain many mistakes. I believe that this course should be stopped until these problems are corrected.negative
The professors sound like a group of first-year students presenting a group project, literally reading notes off of a powerpoint slide. The professors also can't speak English, so instead of explaining things in depth, they have to very, very slowly read basic phrases (to explain complex subject matter) off of what's basically a teleprompter.negative
Really poor powerpoint presentations and videos, half in chinese. The accent of the teacher is horrible (i'm not an english-native speaking person so it's hard for me to follow english when badly spoken, so i cut off the sound and only read the subtitles.)The content is interesting though.negative
I don't want to be mean, but the first week was terrible! I was expecting what it said: ADVANCED neurobiology.I feel bad giving this review. I'm just dropping the course.negative
After finishing week 1, I have decided to stick with Duke university's Medical neuroscience which is starting up again. I also highly recommend "Understanding the Brain The Neurobiology of Everyday Life" which I believe was taught by the University of Chicago. I found them to be far more engaging the viewer and the format to be much easier to follow. I found it visually disturbing and also have to keep pausing to read the slide before it switches.It's too bad because I was really looking forward to this course. It also seemed she had trouble pronouncing many of the words and I do not want to learn how to pronounce many of them incorrectly also many of the slides did not have an English translation on them.negative
This course is useless and perhaps even harmful.The professors would have done much better if they had taught the class in their native Chinese language and then got a really good translator to make subtitles in English.I tried turning off the sound and just watching the presentation while reading the subtitles, but even this was so badly done in terms of language and presentation, that although I desperately wanted to take a course in advanced neurobiology, I felt that this course could actually destroy my love for the subject or teach me things that are incorrect because of language mistakes.If you are not a native speaker of English then by all means steer even further clear as you will learn some very bad English habits and pronunciation.I'm sure the profs' English ability is fine for collaborating with other professionals who already know the material, but teaching in English was a big mistake.Again, I highly suggest they re-do the entire thing in Chinese and get really good translations and subtitles made and then I think it could be an awesome course. Now, as is, it would be truly foolish to take this course.negative
Boring and can't make sense of the presentation / language and idiom use.negative
Lots of good information, but the presentation is very bad. Not only are the professors clearly struggling with the English (and the material, calling anatomical planes "plates" and confounding sulci with fissures, etc), but some of the recording/video editing decisions make it less engaging and more difficult to follow. For example, the size of the images is often compromised because they chose to show the professor on the left side of the screen, even though it is absolutely unnecessary to do so.Overall, I do not recommend this course.negative
coursea does not allow me to quit the class. Also, I cannot do the homework or watch video at my own pace.negative
The transition from the original Coursera platform to the new one has significantly reduced my overall satisfaction with the course experience (I have previously taken the 4 earlier Rice courses in this series and enjoyed them immensely).Major contributing factors to my dissatisfaction:-- The user interface changes are unwelcome and have detracted from my ability to engage with the material.-- There have been arbitrary (and unannounced) changes to polices, e.g. dropping distinction grading.-- The price increase per course and locking down of assignments to only those who have paid has unfortunate side effects, including.-- In contrast to previous courses in this series which had an active community engagement the discussion forums are now relatively empty, running the courses more often is not going to help this situation.Having previously been an unpaid evangelist for the Coursera approach and materials I now find myself extremely reluctant to recommend this revised experience to colleagues.negative
While some of the information presented was interesting, it seemed oddly biased towards the perspective of highly educated foreigners. I had hoped to get more information about how America is seen by the (foreign) masses.negative
No translations available despite what subtitles and transcripts say.negative
the tutorials is not for average students, it takes a very high skill to understand them . also the quiz nd the assignments r too tough.hope you can make them a bit easy, the last one ,ie with graphs and trees was a bouncer. If the maths required is so high, please take a week to first explain the math fresher required in course and then start the main coursenegative
A lot of calculation errors and incorrect answersnegative
i like it but there is ALOT to do i am 13 taking this for science class and i am starting to get lost in what the are sayingnegative
The professor certainly knows a lot about this subject, but his delivery is stiff and dry. If he shared his passion for the subject with us it would be more enjoyable. On the plus side, I admire how he shares the Greek language with us so capably and combines art with his lectures.negative
Poor visual aids, course content and format.negative
The teaching quality is very average and mediocre at best.The assignments are merely implementation of lectures .The Stanford and Princeton courses on Algorithms are better courses to take for one to pursue a serious study of Algorithms.negative
The course is too shallow - amount of topics discusses is quite small. Practice tasks are boring - implement pseudocode given in lectures. No quizzes. In particular you can see that it is a bad course, if you compare it to the previous 2 courses in the specialization. I'm agree with other people posting in forums about that.Wasted time, could spend that month more productively. Not going to continue passing other future courses.negative
I can only give this two stars at most.The lecturers are just like reading the PPT without any heuristic teaching approaches.The assignments make me desperate, always show very poor feedback message -- "Wrong answer", even the cases failed because of performance issue.The starter files given from the assignment are inconsistent with the pdf description. It's so confusing.Couldn't get any help from forums.negative
Course was to easy and nothing new in it not as the description that it has algorithms 100000 times faster than google.negative
Interesting material, but its presentation is haphazard and incomprehensible. In typical Latin American style, the presenter wanders erratically through the material in the videos in a confusing and non-linear way, so that making coherent notes is impossible. The relationship between the video, quiz and supplemental reading is sometimes hard to determine. The workload is also vastly different from week to week, including one reading of over 200 pages, indeed a whole book - whilst other lectures demanded only a few pages' worth. Sadly this course was one I abandoned - I lost patience with its random and frustrating structure and the limiting and perplexing nature of the quizzes. I should point out I am bilingual so this was by no means a language issue. If you have the patience for this, or are used to this style of learning, go ahead. I've had to stop, sadly.negative
This course should retrieved from Coursera. It is plenty of mistakes. One of the quiz is repeated. Questions do not have relation with lectures.negative
This course is not about Excel or MYSQL. This is only about Probability distribution, binary classification etc. So, if you're interested in learning some Math, this is a great course for you. But certainly not for learning some basic Excel and MYSQL. I am very disappointed and have lost all my money for nothing. I did not learn what I had initially thought I will. I feel cheated, I have lost both time and money at the same time.negative
Quizzes don't match what's been taught in the video lectures. Very poorly-designed questions, where there is more than one correct answer.negative
Basic introduction to data analyticsnegative
The instructor is VERY bad at presenting. SO dry and monotonic. Omg, I really want to learn all this but can't stand him talking.negative
The course is very superficial in nature and there is no difficulty...negative
The quality of videos is not good. There is some absurd voice in between. Also the course for week 3 has information related to finance which is beyond understanding levels of a person with no financial background.negative
Can be packed into a two-week course.negative
Authors are too greedy for the course material.negative
What's the point of online education if one can only access the assignments if him has purchased the course? With no access to assignments, how could one evaluating his efficient of study?negative
The course could be completed in a matter of a few hours. Super basic stuff. Waste of money.negative
I do not think that students should need to pay for a course in order to watch interviews with previous graduates. Half of this course should have been condensed or excluded. There is not much to learn in these modules. It was decent, but it was not a five star course. I think the ratings on this are misleading.negative
Found it boring and pretty irrelevant. I was hoping to lean more on metrics especially in the digital marketing section. Pretty let down and $79 wastenegative
If you are going to try and complete the specialization for this course series I suggest you look elsewhere. I was able to complete the first course with ease, but the second course to this specialization felt incomplete and does not tie in very well with the how excel is used. Don't be fooled by how easy the first weeks assignment is for the second course of this specialization.**My initial rating for this course alone was 4 stars, but due to the lack of effort and information in the 2nd course of this specialization I have to give this 1 star as these courses are all tied together.negative
Everything was either super basic or else more advanced but so niche that it doesn't really apply to everyone and we don't need to learn it in that depth. Would have liked to learn a lot more about how to determine what KPIs you should be measuring in different businesses, what kinds of metrics are important, etc. The very large majority of this course will never be applicable to me.negative
I an very disappointed that DUKE hits your up for $79 just to grade the fist quiz (which should cost them $0). This is the fist time I have seen an Institution do this. I can understand charging for a certificate, or for a Final project, but not right out of the gate. I hope that the spirit of Coursera is not changing to a "pay to play" site. There are other higher rated Universities that take a more noble approach. I wonder if all the reviewers paid $79 day 1 for this class, or did DUKE recently changed their pricing policy after the reviews...negative
Very very entry level information.negative
Very difficult to apply the knowledge without some support material with the content, e.g. PPT slides.negative
I would not recommend this course for a few reasons:1. There are no course notes accompanying the video lectures. Transcripts of the lectures in unformatted text files and a glossary are available for download. I really can’t figure why the instructor doesn’t provide an outline of what key concepts he wants us to learn from each lecture. Also, I’m surprised that Coursera doesn't require a basic set of learning tools for a paid class, such as lecture notes or an outline. This might be a good class for you if learn well from videos.2. The quizzes contain ambiguously written questions for no good reason.3. Two weeks in and there is little substance. For example, week 2 includes a few Skype videos of the professor interviewing former students from a Duke Master’s program. They seemed like very intelligent and nice people but the content of the videos offered little value (i.e., nothing new) to someone already working in corporate IT.negative
Coursera does not want to give me a Certificate. I've got 95% for this coursenegative
I really did not like the portion that went into detail about business analytics and related career paths. Not a technical skill or nenegative
This is no real need for this course. Everything sounds like bits and pieces from magazine articles.... I suspect the sole purpose of its inclusion in the specialization is to fund Coursera. $79 at a time....negative
Really bad course. Badly taught, strange choice of assignments and quiz questions. Unfortunately, I did the free trial and Coursera didn't process my cancellation so that I had to pay for a whole month for this.Complete waste of time AND(!!!) money!negative
Poor performance of Jupyter and the wildly underestimated time commitments really sunk this one for me. The latter, especially is inexcusable. The syllabus is lopsided and, while organized, not enough thought has been given to the exercise workload.negative
My experience with Teradata has been awful. Connection issues, latency, time outs. What should have taken 45 minutes took nearly two hours because of the load times for datasets. No clock or indication of progression for the queries.negative
I think this course if poorly organized. The instructor is really trying to show us that the real life data sets and databases are messy, but providing only written instructions for me it proved useless. I, for one, need to see what other people are doing and not read long pages of horrible written explanations.I paid for the course just to be able to do the exercises, which I also think it's a minus.All in all it didn't "ENHANCE" my career prospects, mostly because nothing useful was taught here. Wouldn't recommend anyone to pay for it.negative
This course is too much doggy! Please do not use Coursera for advertising your friends´companies, or at least learn how to do it a little more professionally to look really relevant! This psychiatric lady also seems to be sexits. Looking at differences between pictures with a girl and pictures with a boy is really abominable and shows an intentional discrimination and racism. It is really shameful.negative
Errors in the material made it difficult to get through. All past discussions on the forum are gone, making it difficult to review posts by classmates.negative
The technical support of this course is just terrible: just like many many other students (see the Discussion forums), I have experienced serious difficulties to access the databases platforms we need to learn and to complete our assignments. I can only echo the innumerable complains from my co-students about the lack of efficient support and technical reliability of this course; many of us are very unhappy about this, especially as they have paid for this course ... and what is Coursera doing about it, by the way?My advice: beware before enrolling in this course and even in this entire specialization, and search for alternative options (there are many, not only on Coursera but also on EdX and others ...)!!!negative
It is very interesting, but we have to face problems with Teradata, I have not been able even to log in, and a lot of students are in the same situation, and the problem persists, even in the duedate of the test.negative
Perfect guided course. The only handicap to me is the accent of the speaking English. I hardly understand what they are saying without subtitles.Thx for your all precious effort.negative
Quite boring, a lot of propaganda against drugs. Sometimes data is presented in misleading ways to make the harm from drugs look greater. Though if you are new to the topic, you may consider to take the course as it contains some useful information.negative
Information strays between ridiculously shallow and unnecessarily deep (e.g. the stuff about GPCRs is so far removed from importance when discussing addiction). Most of the time the questions are poorly worded and thoughtless, and the whole thing reminds me of a bad high school class. Some parts border on misinformation, does seem almost as if it's been underwritten by the DEA. Paints a very distinct picture, a picture with an agenda and really incomplete portrayal of addiction. Points for trying though.negative
Unable to even start it... Click on videos of week 1 and nothing happensnegative
very boring and didn't learn anything i didn't already know. this was more like watching an anti drug propaganda film that I couldn't finish it.negative
yeah i would give zero if possible. very shallow and general, cannot learn much from it. if u want a course about neuroscience there's way better course than this. what the hell emory? what hte hell coursera? i feel less and less sincerity in coursera's mooc these days. edx is doing a much better job in my perspective.negative
If possible, I would give this course zero stars. It provides an incredibly closed minded view towards all topics and provides very minimal factual information. The makers of this course, and especially the instructor, obviously have had very little to no experience of any kind with most of the topics they discuss.negative
I am very interested in this topic however I found the instructor's presentation to be so monotonic and slow paced that I dropped out. I am sure he knows his material cold and I am sure that he is much better "live" in class. The readings were appropriate and the course out line solid. However this is not his media. And I have done the "talking to the camera" thing and it can be deadly for presenters. It is not BTW an "age thing"; I am older than he, I am sure, and do not ask that presentations be entertaining - just that they be engaging. (Perhaps if Coursera had lecturers present in front of small groups, as "Great Courses" does? It is unfortunate that (as I understand it) Coursera doesn't offer a "free look" with the option to transfer one's fee to another course if unhappy. Hope this is constructive for both the lecturer and Coursera.negative
As a career dieter who is constantly reading about causes of obesity, I can't say I learned anything too earth-shattering. However, the research discussed does support what I have learned from listening to the podcasts from the Institute for the Psychology of Eating.negative
Feels underwritten by the DEA, and aimed at perhaps high school students? Very slow pace; info could've been distilled into less than half the lectures (I completed the '7 weeks' in 3 days). Doesn't really distinguish between users without serious problems & addicts (which I believe amplifies gateway effects & experimentation once people meet users who aren't brain damaged or addicts). Creates an exaggerated and arbitrary distinction between prescribed drugs as all good and recreational as all bad, and dismisses any possible benefits of substances that are not legal, noting only that medical marijuana has been helpful for HIV patients, which is certainly an understatement. Components are also helpful for cancer patients, anxiety, and more. Perhaps break this into studies of common drugs, how they work, & effects and separately, the mechanisms of addiction and treatment. However, I appreciated the 'reduce harm' policy economics.negative
Really disappointing course. Content is shallow, despite the impressive credentials of the Professor. Quizzes are ridiculously easy.negative
Not very informative, and too simple. Also, there is way too much repeatingnegative
Interesting to say the leastWhy cant i access my certificate. I paid and successfully passednegative
Very informative but very dry presentations.negative
There needs to be more help available, at least for paying students, to answer questions and clear misunderstanding. The quizzes are taking too much time.negative
Could've learnt this on youtube - really not very good. Dr. Egger's courses are rigorous and full of math. This is just a bunch of pretty pictures. Shouldn't be included in this specialization.negative
There's a lot of great information in this course and it's presented in a very good way. However, like the excel course in this specialization, most of the material isn't about using Tableau. 1 week is about running a project, 2 weeks are about using Tableau, and the final 2 weeks are about presentation. If you're interest isn't mainly in Tableau, I would recommend the course. However, if you're taking this course to learn Tableau, I would suggest not paying for it.negative
This course may be misleading aspiring data analysts and scientists: it may give the false impression that, with the tools learned here, you will be able to analyze your data by yourself. In fact, you would be completely missing on large chapters of statistics and, as a result, you would often end up drawing wrong conclusions and believe you did a great job. For example, what is the point of giving you a single 10-minutes video on how to do regression in Tableau if you don't even know regression (which is AT LEAST a one-term course in graduate school, and only after several other prior basic stats courses)? BEWARE: get a much larger background in statistics before applying anything you learn here in real life. Some minimal stats knowledge should be recommended as a pre-requisite for this course, or else you end up doing like those monkeys using a statistical software without really understanding what they are doing and drawing conclusions with blissful ignorance. The problem is: some of your audience will know and will notice, more often than you might think and you will end up looking like an idiot.Sorry to be negative here, but I think I owe you, my co-student, at least a warning: do learn more stats elsewhere!! ... good luck.negative
Tableau is garbage and their assignment practice questions don't worknegative
The course content is itself interesting but the lack of active mentors to provide guidance makes the course really difficult to learn. So many unanswered questions on the discussion board and many confused students. I am so glad I am not paying for this course.negative
There is a gap between the instruction level and the difficulty of quizzes and final projects.negative
Online grader for labs is terribly buggy. Attempted submitting labs several occasions - all fail. Local builds work fine with apps working as expected and tests pass. The online builder gives very little feedback other than "BuidError". £40 wasted. Will not recommend and will never fall for it again. AVOID!negative
the course is a bit outdated and I am finding it hard to stay motivated knowing there are other more recent courses. The topics I think are still relevant but the tools are not. I am looking for courses where there is hands on development that you follow with the instructor and I did not find this here.negative
Outdated and unsupported !The code for the exercises was made for Eclipse ADT and Google dropped support for Eclipse a while ago. The official IDE for Android development is Android Studio now.I could import the project for Lab1 but I'm unable to compile the tests and the program with Android Studio, I get a ton of errors. My post in the forums about this is unanswered for 3 days now.negative
A basic course but not for the ones who don't know anything about java or android. Not made for the beginners. Also the submitting projects work is complicated and should be made more easier.Not recommended for the starter.negative
I found this course lacking in providing sufficient coverage of the basics in the course videos and lacking a useful and directed reading list. I spent far too much time researching command syntax and using try and error to find what worked with the provided code.Disappointing as topics covered are good.negative
Very fast pace with no support. Be prepared to make countless online searches or to discuss solely with peers. Many drop out by the end of the course. Final Project is far too difficult for this course, because it did not prepare me at all. If you want to learn Android programming, I suggest you look elsewhere.negative
I was disappointed in the lack of explanation for the tools. Since everything depends on the IDE, and there was no instruction about the IDE, I found it difficult to do the labs. In the course of trying to, the IDE somehow managed to corrupt my hard drive. After that I pretty much lost interest in the course.negative
Yet another good course that is ruined by a peer review requirement. Dr. Singer is a fascinating person to learn from and I am glad I took the time to pursue the course.negative
No passion is on his lecture. There is only dryness and ethical superior pride through his theory.. Altruism without love is an empty vanity and well-designed commercial intention for selling his theory.negative
Too many lectures, specialized audience with huge competition, not accessible by novices of philosophy and only assessed through a single peer-reviewed assignment-essay.negative
poor design on presentation assignmentnegative
Mini-project grades system is awful. btw, you have to wait till three students review you project. One more point is that, the contents of videos are not that enough. You can just read the required textbook to get all knowledge and examples.negative
Very poor in all aspects.negative
Shame on you University of Houston SystemI did the first three lessons, which are less than average, then went on to quiz 1, after completion, a window appeared to ask me for money to get my results! This information should have been provided when I enrolled! I find that very mis leading.negative
The lectures are rather simple and easy to follow, but it's impossible to pass the quizzes with only a basic knowledge of mathematics/physics, only for experts. With the information provided in the video lectures you won't recieve a grade, there's a lot of extra work necessary with no other help given then some wiki that only a math genius would understand without any further help.negative
it is good thing to learnnegative
Many of the problem sets ask you to apply theorems in ways that have not been demonstrated. If a student makes a mistake, no feedback is given other than, "That is not the right answer".negative
Horrible, endless rambling, no solutions to the quiz questions (unlike cal 1 course). sucks all the fun out of math, avoid this course, find an alternative where you can learn more with less time spent watching him write out 20 numbers.negative
I wanted to like this course, but (and perhaps it's a mathematician thing) the teacher just kept doing stuff without explaining WHY he is doing the stuff. He is very animated and a good presenter but, even when I understood what he was saying, I couldn't get past the "why is he doing this?" It is never "self-evident" for me.negative
I did not know what was going on and I have to stop.negative
Bad video quality and errors in course material. Worst course on Coursera.negative
I can't even begin to describe how much pain this course gave me.The code snippets and instructions in the exercise videos are incomplete/have errors and it's impossible to complete the exercises just using those (it's hours of extra work to get things working). Also, at some point you are given a new version of part of the files in the project, which won't match the rest of the files so there's remedial work to be done for that too. Some of these issues were flagged on the forum 5 months ago and still the course material wasn't updated. It all gets even worse as all assignments build upon the code written in these exercises.The assignment instructions are unclear. You are shown a demo of how the solution should look in the assignment videos, and then you are told you actually have to build something different than what you were shown. I also couldn't understand some of the grading criteria. You will get/lose marks on uploading a screenshot or naming variables/functions a certain way.I was really interested in this specialization so I kept going hoping it will get better but it only got worse. After 11 weeks of work I am ready to start something different. Wasn't expecting such low quality content on Coursera.negative
This course was too messy. I spent 75% of my time to get the examples to work. It would have been better if after each module all the .js and .html files would be given in total, not just the snippets.negative
Good introductory type course but when there are issues a student is having that no other peer can resolve, the instructors are almost NEVER available to assist.negative
This course -- actually, both the 2nd and 3rd courses in this specialization -- are like "take your interested, but mostly uninformed friend to work day". Give them some stacks of paper to sort, then shown them what a correctly sorted stack looks like. You've only got one day at work with your friend, so be kind enough to humor them with a very cursory explanation of what sorting is about, but you can't really teach them much in such a short time. So, set them to task, sorting pile after pile. Hey look! Your friend is now a practiced sorter!These courses are really for folks who can spend much more time than advertised. Sure, you will see lots of really cool things -- like AngularJS, Grunt, Bower, etc. -- but don't come into this believing that you'll really learn them, because that is just not possible with the time allowed. This whole thing is about exposure, not deep understanding.Want to learn the guitar? This is like going to watch a (very slow) concert, and then having the guitarist hand you their instrument, put your fingers on the correct frets, and then strum the strings for you. See -- now you can play!Thinking of learning algebra? How about if I simply told you to "write the numeral 5, then the addition symbol, then the letter X, then the equals symbol, and finally the numeral 12", and then proceeded to tell you, step-by-step, what you should write on the page in order to solve for X. Would you have learned about solving equations? At most, you would have written a workable example for solving a certain kind of equation, but I doubt you'd be anywhere near proficient after being hand-held through one example.On the positive side, I was exposed to many different things in the web-development world -- that I cannot argue against. However, this course could be so much more. The model of having students watch a video of a person talking about coding, whether in front of a Power Point slide or a text editor full of code, is borrowing from the worst of the "lecture-first" classroom experience of (most of) higher ed. It's a bummer that we aren't moving in a different direction with this stuff after so long, but I guess it's still what people expect (or at least have learned to cope with).negative
Not well designed and the professor hard to follow...negative
Too hard to listen his Englishnegative
I like the professor...but the activities and projects always had errors and issues that weren't easily fixable. And the mentors are absolutely terrible at providing guidance. So I most likely won't be able to finish this course.negative
Learning materials are poorly delivered. Codes given are bug-ridden this in turn makes it incredibly difficult to follow on. Disappointingnegative
There are steps that are missing at times which require you to scour for help. There are also quirks that aren't mentioned that other students have to point out. Unaddressed questions in the discussion board required escalation. Feels rushed and it's hard to learn for a beginner. Feels like you're just going through the motions and copy and pasting code.negative
There are no advanced stuff these what is taught are basics any graduate or undergraduate student can easily pickup on his/ her own interest. What a waste of time .negative
Extremely poor help and feedback.Almost no replies on discussion forums from mentors/peers so many issues end up unresolved. Considering how difficult this course is compared to other courses, the lack of real assistance is appalling.Seemingly outdated lessons.A lot of errors I get come from version discrepancies. Lessons should be checked over. If I have to Google problems to complete step-by-step lessons, the lesson is extremely ill-prepared.This is enough to make me abort this specialization.negative
Very bad explanation too boring lecturesnegative
This course needs an easier way to peer review. Downloading individual files to computer and plugging into your project without overwriting your own work is a nuisance. Especially during assignment 4 where everything needed to be hosted in the server in order to work; this made is extremely difficult to review.negative
Cannot believe charge me homeworknegative
not good as usual one, the code you provided can not work, I had to debug againand the instructions for the assignments are not concrete as the last two coursesnegative
no basics being taught! straight away code snippets are pasted.negative
Angular JS is a crucial component of all of the internet. Hardly a website exists without it and it's clear that Angular will go places. However, this course fails on a few crucial levels. As such, my review might look scathing and I'll detail why in a minute, but I want you to know that this course is quite possibly invaluable when it comes to web development. Besides, the fixes that would need to be made on the instructor's side are minor, but when working without those fixes, things get infuriatingly frustrating rather quickly.There are errors in the code supplied by the instructor that need to be pointed out by students, scripts sometimes don't work, explanations are sub-par when explaining things such as $scope. There are parts that are seemingly there to pad out the lessons such as Task Runners. Sometimes, doing things exactly the way shown in the video with additional fixes by both the professor and students, it still doesn't work. Some exercises are an hour long for something that won't be quizzed in the end.Understanding that this review was made about a new course that covers something rapidly changing and not persistent, I still did learn a lot of valuable things and I would recommend this course to everyone involved in web development. However, be prepared to question your own sanity, your skills, the software you use, software in general and just despair at times. All in all, it is a price worth paying for the amazing knowledge you gain.negative
Not happy with this course.negative
Angular 1 not Angular 2 which is disappointing but worse still, it teaches use of scope which is no longer recommended by the angular team themselves.Could be vastly improved by using modern angular best practice such as "Controller As" syntax and teaching you to write code that is more "compatible" with Angular 2negative
Update:Coursera or the course content provider has changed this course in a bad way: You have to PAY for the course IN FULL AMOUNT JUST to get your assignments submitted and reviewed by peer learner.What a pity.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Great course! Material is very useful and interesting!The course introduces concepts in a progressive and comprehensive way so that knowledge is easy to be understood. Practise quiz and assignments perfectly reflects course materials.Also, professor Muppala is quite funny. Enjoy the course!negative
Was very difficult to follow. This is a complex subject and the prof is trying his best, but there are times the explanation is not sufficient. Instructions for installing gulp was not good. I was unable to complete the following exercises after gulp installation failed. Instruction needs to be short and crisp. Building on top of each other project has its negative. There must be solution at the end or at least a check point where you can start clean for the next project.negative
Too long videos, you should make more short videos, instead of one boring long video. You speak too slow and that makes a 8 minutes video turns into 30 minutes video.negative
The paste of the lectures is too slow. Much too slownegative
Interesting content, but sooo slow. 20 minutes long videos could have been done in 5 minutes. Moreover, the teacher's voice and tone did nothing to make the content live.negative
The course is very boring and monotonous. It should be made more engaging. One needs to capture the concentration of students for a subject like Angular.negative
This course covers the basic ground about approximation algorithms and would be very valuable for a practitioner, but seems designed for people who already know the materials and is more theoretical than applied.Lectures are very abstract --with a description of the problem and a formal description of the solution--, there are few examples with step-by-step tracing of algorithms --that is how the algorithm actually works to solve the problem--, and a significant amount of expertise is assumed --so much so, that you wouldn't need this course. For example, there are questions about "approximation ratio", but it is not explained. This seems like something that is inherent to approximation algorithms, but is only asked in the exams/project, and is not even mentioned in the lectures. Similar issues abound around the course.negative
This course covers challenging technical topics and I appreciate that the effort that went into making it. That said I have serious concerns about the quality of execution for Part II of the course, which was much inferior to part I of the course.In general, the lectures themselves were up to the quality of part I and are well done. In many cases, the practice quizzes were less helpful. Including one sequence where each quiz extended the previous one but if you there was no way to learn from your errors, especially an error in the first quiz.For the peer graded assignments, there was one answer field for multiple questions, rather than one per question. Worse, the answers often required equations and LaTex math was not available. The only solution was to put the answers in a document on a cloud drive like Google Drive and paste a link in. Finally, for the peer review you could just mark questions correct or wrong with no way to provide private feedback on what was lacking in a response. Furthermore, doing the peer review was purely optional and the results were not actually scored. (Part 1 was similar, but it was possible to upload the document to Coursera directly and peer review was a required part of the course, resulting in a grade.) Either there are serious limitations with this iteration of the Coursera platform or the course authors did not understand how to properly implement this.Finally, in the session I took their was no active Teaching Assistance presence. There were no responses to student questions nor concerns that were raised about typos and possible errors in the quizzes and problem assignments. Either the course should not have been offered if no TA support was available or there should have been some notification in syllabus that this session would only have peer assistance with no support from the course staff.negative
TOO MUCH Peer rating too little hard informationnegative
Dijkstra and A star algorithms courses are a bit shortnegative
The course is really way to easy. It could be done all in one day, definitely not worth 80$.negative
Interesting things about graph algos, but I think the content should be more challengingEspecially the last two weeks, a quick quizz and a free assignment the automatically give full grade whatever the contentnegative
All this peer grading nonsense is garbage. If we are gonna pay 63$ a month of something we can at least get the proper grading system included.negative
Linking programming language to hardware sucks. Do not waste time on this course.negative
If I am auditing this class why can't the quizzes be free also?What happened to free Coursera?negative
Not a bad introduction, but if you already know a bit about programming you can get the same basics and learn more quickly with a book.negative
The course is almost about nothing. It seems to me that the teacher didn't make enough preparations and make a lot of mistakes during the couse. After 8 weeks of Arduino-related courses I've got almost nothing new besides first 2 chapters of Arduino Starter Kit book.negative
Too simple and lack of practice exercises!negative
No forum, what are you thinking!negative
This course is too short and have little real time example .negative
This course barely touches C programming. While explanatory about the Arduino functions and structure, It should have been spread into more weeks so that it could cover more.negative
One week of this course was only marginally relevant to the subject. The instructor even said as much.negative
I don't need the teacher to read Aristotle for me. Reading is not Teaching.negative
I took all 5 previous courses in this series and they were all great.But suddenly Coursera has changed its policy, and one can not take courses for free anymore.If you just want to learn and gain knowledge without chasing the certificate, than the course is useless, because you can't receive feedback for your work.negative
The contents of the course are interesting however it is a shame that you can only access the quiz portion and assesments if you pay for the certificate. Same with the materials, it would be great if the readings and the suggested bibliography details could be downloaded.negative
I have not been satisfied with the theoretical contentnegative
I thought this course would teach art appreciation,but seems geared towards Teachers.negative
The teachers there do not do what they teach: they rattle down their text as fast as they can speak and do not emphasize the content with movement or even change of expression. I was disappointed.negative
Lacking in content. The OOP portion of the final project was poorly constructed. The instructions were unclear and the exercise seemed futile. We took a data set and further complicated it by abstracting into various object classes. I think a better example could be used. Since there are already plenty of ways to do the things our objects were tasked with it seemed like a futile exercise. I think a different type of real world object should be used, perhaps one that is not easily stored in a data frame.negative
This courses touches many interesing aspects about R programming but I did not like the structure , it does not seem to me that it adequates its difficulty coming from "The R programming enviornment".Also I miss some swirl lessons for many of the readings from the book. There are not too many help from the mentors and the peer assigment in week 4 took me too much time and had to consult a lot of external resources. Readings in general are OK but too simple.I have learnt many things butnegative
The first three weeks assigments were way too easy and the answers could be found in the material.The last assignment was very poorly described and the material was very limited in explaining OOP. That meant it took a lot of time figuring out what exactly was needed to complete the assignment and how to do it.Disappointing after a great first course. Hoping the next will be better.negative
Waste of time and I did not learn anything from this course.It is basically 6 weeks of the "facilitator" asking questions without offering much in the form of answers.negative
Such lame quizes, I cannot pass them although I know this material in my sleep,because the english is so bad and has so many ambiguities; There are no single answers to a question, instead you need the check the correct answers, which are phrased in s misleading way, and one little mistake fails the whole question. So I try and try and try and never get all the correct checks for the specific questions. So I just fail and retry and fail and retry. This is so frustrating I consider I will unroll this course. Same because I know all this material !!!!negative
Not quite the excel actually relevant to industrial requirements. had to leave the course mid way.There are better Excel DA courses out there. Concept presentation was good though.negative
The course was a bit disappointing. We didn't cover enough advanced Excel functionalities, opting instead to focus on 2 statistical models (Binary Classification and Linear Regression). Having a BSc in Economics, the Linear Regression tutorials and quizzes seemed infantile, while the Binary Classification tutorials proved to be too vague, when we actually had to apply this knowledge on the final project. In retrospect, I regret not starting to work on the final week's material right from the start, which resulted in having to switch session multiple times in order to finish the course. Even if I had done so, though, it wouldn't have made up for the vague instructions in the quizzes and assignment of the final week that made feel at a loss, until I asked for help in the forums. All in all, this course need some serious re-working, in terms of how the material is presented and how the assignments are phrased.negative
I´m quite disappointed in this course. First you should know that the first week doesn´t reflect at all the rest of the course in difficulty and in matter. As I was delighted by the first week presentation and way of explaining as soon I started the second week I was wondering what happen to the clear, concise examples and ideas presented in the first one. First The presentation of the following weeks is done by handwriting on software that give a very very poor graphic view. It´s BARELY READABLE ! It allows really smalls amounts of infos to be displayed. That could be redeemed by good explanations you may say but sadly it´s not the case most of the time. The examples are rarely connected to something real, numbers come up from ... nowhere. The level of difficulty could be challenging if you don´t have a bachelor of sciences like Math or Physics or Bio. It´s NOT A BEGINNER COURSE.To give more context I have done and succeed more 16 courses , 2 specializations, followed/audited about 3 others courses and that is the first time I´m giving a bad review. I´m sure the teachers put a lot of effort in doing the course , there is a lot subjects presented but I definitely suggest a change in the presentation to start then connect and fully explain examples. With some changes that course will fly high :)negative
Final project almost impossible to do with material taught. Also, each lecture comes with an additional spreadsheet that needs to be studied. Material taught doesn't match material tested.negative
Not very helpful for those with a solid statistical background. I prefer to use R to do the modeling things, while this course should talk more about pivot tables and existing useful financial functions which advantage over other statistical tools.negative
Not enough detail and information provided in the lectures to undertake the final assessment.negative
Irrationally difficult and inexplicably sloppy. Having taken first "Business Metrics for Data Driven Companies" I had high hopes that it would be on the same level.Well, I was wrong. It was extremely messy, jumping around from definition to definition with little to no explanation and there was a general lack of motivation from professor Egger's part.Apart from week 1 that had some necessary basic knowledge of Excel, all of the next weeks' lessons were fast paced beyond a beginner's comprehension. By week 5 I had lost the motivation to go on and was only able to finish it through a great deal of trial and error on the quizzesI would not recommend it, unless you have some basic knowledge of the economic theories used in this lesson.negative
An absolutely dreadful course. The only things you'll end up studying are how to use the spreadsheets given and what the instructor was thinking when creating them... I can't figure out what, and there doesn't seem to be any way of finding out. The lectures were mostly stuff I learned at school and really quite easy, but I just have no idea what the final project has got to do with the lectures.negative
All theory. Quizzes you were left with the task of answering questions based on models never seen or explained spent most time trying to make sense of them. Final project is almost a joke to try and decipher how to create from scratch based on the ones they provided in the quizzes. Its not a joke but it is very difficult when the actual excel and model making isnt part of the lectures.negative
if you do not have a background in statistics do not expect to pass this coursenegative
Course did not meet any of the expectations. Neither Excel nor the analysis part. Should have focused on one of the aspects to make it more stronger. In my opinion "deviated" & stressed too much on statistics and model building (regression, logistic regression etc.) but did not do justice to that also!negative
I'm here learning Excel skills, but this course, especially week 2, does not teach Excel skills.negative
It is best to have a strong statistical background before taking this course. Lots of statistical calculations and procedures. If you don't have a strong background in statistics , there is a good chance you will get lost at some point in the course. There is no questions that the instructor of this course is an accomplished mathematician, I just found it hard to follow his lectures as he got deeper into various statistical aspects of the course.negative
This is more of an introduction to statistics lesson than one in excel... not what I had signed up fornegative
Not done with the course yet, but I have to say it started out very well and organized. I was actually learning how to use excel in the first week WHILE the instructor was teaching. The later weeks, however, seem to be completely different. They're disorganized and I'm struggling to see how the material correlates. It's as if I'm being bombarded with random topics, in addition to the fact that the instructor literally stops using excel to teach. After week 1, lessons are just random notes on a blackboard with a link at the end to the excel sheet in which the instructor has already prepared before with A LOT of info that you need familiarize yourself with solo. I had high hopes when I was done with the first week, but now I have to say I'm bored and demotivated!! (so far)negative
This course has nothing to do with Excel. It should be called "Statistic and binary modelling with little use in excel". If you except to learn about functions, pivot tabels, macros and the many other exciting features of excel, this is NOT the course for you.negative
I dislike this course because I have to complete so many assignment in one week. Instructions could have improved and slides could have improved rather than using chalkboard. Sorry there are a number of times I have to rewatch the videos and still dont understand. Hence I even have to place myself in another slot because I could not finish the assignment. Please improve on this module so that it is more enjoyable for learners who really want to learn. Thank you.negative
Very little to do with Excel, mostly focused on statistics with brief overviews of how things could be done within Excel, but very little focus on actual Excel use and knowledge.negative
This course is only supported by a course of data analytics. It should clearly state that advanced statistics is a prerequisite knowledge. I expected to learn advanced excel techniques, not to be required to know statistic models to apply.negative
I did learn a few helpful tips for analyzing data with excel - particularly how to do a regression analysis in excel which is something I didn't know and is not intuitive. But for a course that is supposed to teach you how to analyze data in excel, there are actually very few lectures that actually show you how to do anything in excel. So much time is spent on how to calculate stuff by hand, without even mentioning how it translates to excel. Also the lectures have a lot of errors that were not corrected in a professional way. Just a random slide put in as an afterthought. The lectures got a bit disorganized towards the end, like the professor was in a rush and then forgot to relate everything to actual business analysis. The final project was especially difficult as not much was explained - I had to read the forums to figure out what I was actually supposed to do.negative
This course was tough, but I dont mind a challenge. But what I found frustrating about this course was that first the quizzes were often inconsistent with the lecture material, the TA's were less helpful than my fellow classmates (without whom I would not have made it through the course) and the final was an IMMENSE challenge that took over my life for about 1 week - despite the calculation by the instructors that it would take 6-8 hours. I did give it a few stars because I honestly did learn things I did not know, and I understand the value of the application of what was taught for modern businesses. I have been informed that the course is being reviewed by the instructors for strengthening and I 100% agree with that direction.negative
Beware this course, especially if you are new to this area (despite what the course/specialization says). There are very few examples to clarify and illustrate the different topics of the course, but what's worse is that the assignments are almost completely divorced from the instructional videos; the assignments and especially the final project are much more complicated than anything presented in the instructional videos, so there is no knowledge basis from which the student can operate to complete the assignments/projects satisfactorily or smoothly.I am extremely dissatisfied and wish I hadn't paid for this specialization. Beware.negative
Title misleading. Never ever a beginners course.negative
The concepts here are useful and Mr. Egger is a knowledgeable instructor but 1) this class is really about gathering information with Excel as the tool - you aren't learning anything about Excel functionality, so the title of this course is really misleading if you just want to become a stronger user in Excel 2) there is a huge disconnect between the video lessons and the excel worksheets used to complete the assignments and since many previous reviewers mentioned this, it seems like that's not going to change. 3) the disconnect between the lessons and the assignments wouldn't be an issue if the instructor could be bothered to respond to forum questions. Mine sat unanswered for 5 days as the deadline passed. You are NOT going to get support if you dont understand something.negative
Really unhappy with how difficult and over complicated it is. I came here to learn about Excel. Pivot tables? functions? The course really loses focus and its unfortunate that I am now stuck here and cannot continue the entire specialization.negative
The title is misleading .This course has a little to do with excel , you could get some mathematical information but I do not think you will master anythingnegative
PROS:- Classification lecture is good;-Weekly assignments are challenging enoughCONS- No slides provided. Professor draws on an eletronic chalkboard (with a very bad handwriting) and you need to keep going back to videos when you are doing the homework. For me, this shows lack of professionalism and laziness- Some excel sheets are provided. But they are very messy and badly formatted, matching the messy handwriting in the videos. AND, the instructions are for MAC! No instructions for PC are provided whatsoever. I never used MAC, so I had a very hard time!- Very few examples real examples are provided;- You learn math concepts, not Excel skills! Except for the LINEST function, which is very handy, BUT it's NOT TAUGHT in the videos. I had to google the function to learn it.- They say to complete each piece of the final assingment after you finish the respective week related to that piece. But they only say that as you start week 6!- The course doesn't provide sufficient material for the final assignment. You get stuck without knowing how to get to answers;- Some answers to the final assignment are not correct, you check the answer sheet, and the results aren't present in the test!OVERALL:I'd never recommend this course to anyone. I only took it because I'm plannening to finish the specialization.I've taken several Online Courses (5+ on Excel), and this is the worst and most frustating one by far!negative
Very poor lecture, I barely learn anything about excel from this course. The course title is quite mis-leadingnegative
When the instructor for the course expresses amazement at the level of difficulty people are expressing in the forums that tells you a lot about how out of touch he is with what he is teaching and what is really required prerequisite knowledge.There is minimal actual instruction in excel-most often concepts are taught much like Khan Academy, on a digital blackboard. Nothing inherently wrong with that but when your course title has the word 'EXCEL' in it one would reasonably expect the instructor to actually demonstrate using excel. Nope, not here.If you've never heard of linear regression or Bayes Theorem don't bother with this course. Honestly. While those things may be easy to explain without the math they are very difficult concepts to implement and a simple 10 minute video won't clear the fog.You absolutely will not 'master' data analysis with this course. I've used Excel for over 15 years, daily, and to have the gall to say your course will 'master' something with a few videos is misleading and deceptive.If it wasn't for the TA/Mentors who do the lions share of work in the forums answering questions and deciphering the questions so students can understand them this course would be an abysmal failure.If you're wanting to jump on the data analysis/ scientist bandwagon look elsewhere. i.e. EdX has a great course on a true introduction to data analysis that is more in line with people's impression of actually using excel in that context.Now, having bashed the course I do believe the instructor to be a very competent and knowledgeable individual, but I feel he's been in academia too long and has grown accustomed to teaching those who've been in school continuously and still have algebra/ stats fresh in their minds vs. those who need to brush away the cobwebs. The course in more on the level of a 201 and in certain parts 401 level but not 101.negative
Misleading course name/title. Was expecting a course on using Excel. Forums were cluttered and not monitored often.negative
It is very easy and unusefull course.negative
Constants errors in explanations, made you work very hard to complete it. We typically work hard, the organization of this course my you to suffer. You will go to learn a lot like I do. (Final Grade 91.4%). Learn in this course can be frustrating, they will push to the water, you will need to dedicate a lot of time discuss course material with fellow learners, mentors, and instructors to learn how to swim to save your life.negative
Really wanted to take this class. Unfortunately, I believe it is more about advanced statistics then excel. It was advertised as a beginners class and that is not the case. I recommend having a significant knowledge of statistics before taking this course. I'm a 15 year senior level accounting executive and I was easily spending 10 to 15 hours a week plus watching the videos 3 or 4 times each in order to understand the content. It was very difficult to understand. Disappointing.negative
Too difficult. The lessons go too fast.negative
I found Week 2: Binary Classification really confusing. It was just not clear. Specifics were not given. Definitions were not given. Poorly instructed.negative
Poorly coordinated lectures. References to resources that are not provided. No response (at least, for days on end) when questions are posted on the forumsnegative
This is an advanced Statistics class. Learning was chaotic, confusing, and fast paced. Strong Mathematics skills required. As icing on the cake, there is an 8 hour project at the end of the course .. and they only tell you at the end that you should have been working on this all along! Not at all what I wanted to learn or find productive in the real world.negative
No relevance to specialisation. Do not expect to get through this if you have not taken multiple statistics courses at university level or higher maths. Barely any practical application, does not prepare you for final project.negative
Concepts are fantastic but the material developed to deliver the course is short of expectations, especially from a university. Excel sheets do not match what is demonstrated in video lectures, lots of confusion around how to complete tasks, quiz answer options not being correct, and missing Excel spreadsheets (e.g. video lecture says to refer to accompanying excel spreadsheet, but no spreadsheet available). Also, judging from past discussions by students, some inconsistencies around formulas being presented in video lectures versus assignment questions. could have been a great course, but the inconsistencies have made is very disappointing.negative
Interesting statistical concepts, and great theory. However, the lectures and the quizzes do not prepare the student well for the final project.negative
Really confusing and struggled a lot. The course doesn't prepare you for the final project.negative
The course doesn't prepare you for the final project.negative
The title is very misleading. Excel is an afterthought for this course; instead there is a heavy focus on statistics. The class claims to be for beginners, but that is clearly not the case, as it requires previous knowledge in inferential statistics and calculus.Excel is hardly used and is certainly not the focus; there are weeks where Excel is not used at all. There are no practice assignments, only quizzes.It's clear that this course is outdated and poorly maintained, as the videos refer to examples that are not included or content that was not presented.Needless to say, I will not be taking any other courses in this specialization.negative
I found much of this material wasn't as applicable to excel analysis as hoped and didn't cover many of the analysis toolsnegative
The course structure is not thoughtfully prepared. There is a lot of confusion around what the instructor wants to say. The practice quizzes and course content have no match whatsoevernegative
This class required far too much independent study. The instructor did not provide enough instruction or reading material to complete the quiz each week. There was too much focus on the conceptual data with very little emphasis on practical application of the material.negative
I am sorry to say this, but the tutorial could have been organzied in a much more serious way.I do not know how much time the Professors have put on preparation. But it gives me a "sloppy" impression!!! The class carries the name of University of Duke and 70 euros are charged, so I think the learners would reasonably expect to see that the teacher puts lots of time to organize the course structure, in order to efficiently give as much as information to the learners within limited time!For example, I believe nobody would not say that the Week 2 content on confusion matrix is very consistently explained. And this is just one example.negative
Content is not well organized, videos are disconnected from one another, explanations are not clear, spreadsheets contain vast information that is not explained anywhere. It is been quite difficult to follow through the course and I bet many students are giving up.negative
Week 1 a little disapointingnegative
This course is doable if you have prior knowledge of probability and statistics. This is not for beginners and should therefore by reclassified as intermediate and above. I am sorry I enrolled in this course. I have truly hit a brick wall and can go no further...negative
This course contains too few solid content.negative
This is definitely not a course for beginners .negative
Does not teach Excel very well while tryng to apply the basic usage instruction to not too difficult problems. The ability to interface with Excel after some knowledge of Python/R or other programming languages would be helpful in the Data Science programming that is increasingly being promoted.negative
While the first week touched on Excel and the equations can be used in Excel and have efficacy in regards to analyzing data, it feels as if the course emphasizes more on utilizing math than utilizing Excel. And according to my understanding, that was what I thought I was signing up for. So, it felt like a bait-and-switch to me.negative
To course got tougher every week while the lecture video is not cover everything.negative
this course is definitely NOT for beginners. you MUST have intermediate to advanced knowledge of statistics and math. I had to resort to google and khan academy extensively just to grasp the concepts in this course. This course also does not teach you everything about excel, let alone master it. you just refer to pre made excel sheets for quizzes. thats it. Good luck figuring those out.negative
In light of R or Python, doing statistical computing in excel is really time consuming and backward. The instruction might be OK, but I lost interest beginning of week 2 seeing how he build binary decision model in excel.negative
Don't be fooled by how detailed and clear the first weeks videos are. The second thru the final weeks are lacking details and explanations and found myself lost during most of the videos. There were even a few typos and errors. Be ready to do a lot independent research and learning from other sources in order to complete the weekly quiz. I was unable to complete the final project of this course due to the lack of knowledge provided by the lecture videos and some of own research. I was hoping to complete the specialization for this, but it doesn't seem like this course provided me with enough to proceed.** The use of excel on the weekly basis was poorly integrated with the flow of the course.negative
I found this course too advanced for my level of familiarity with statistics. Its true that most basic stuff is covered to be fair, but the progression is very rapid.As I work long hours and other commitments I didn't have enough time to dedicate to study beyond the time needed just for this course. If I had been able to study an extra 10 hours a week practicing using the formulas then I'm sure I would have got more out of it.negative
The content of the course was good.However, I did not like the presentation of the material, moreover such a topic would need to be covered by a longer duration course.negative
I expected far more handy real life Excel examples, not to see a teacher speaking and writing stat formulas for hours.The idea of this course is very good, it has some room for improvement.negative
Complex concepts (e.g., regression), which cannot be taught in such a short course format (I know from extensive prior training), are taught here in an arcane way. I don't know how students without prior knowledge on these topics (e.g., regression, ROC curve analysis) could possibly understand this when taught this way.Course is also in an 'early draft' mode, with plenty of mistakes in the videos/slides. The course (and specialization) really tarnishes - instead of enhancing - this institution's outside image and reputation.Really a deception; sorry I took this class and specialization, a complete waste of my time and money. The initial presentation was misleading (and I have found online many people sharing the same feeling).negative
Given this is the third (or fourth) iteration of this course, it's telling that the errors from the original release remain in the videos and quizzes. There are other, higher-quality Data Science MOOCs available.negative
Too advanced, not enough Excelnegative
Probably the worst class I have ever taken on Coursera. The teacher asked us to do tons of things without explaining how and used tons of complicated math formulas without explaining what they were, what they did, or when and how to use them. There were also actual incorrect answers in the videos on occasion, so that even if you did do things correctly, you would think you were wrong and be confused, and there were a lot of inconsistencies between the spreadsheets used in the videos and the methods used to solve things compared to the actual spreadsheets given to us, which makes things pretty impossible to learn. If you're more advanced, it may be easier to find and understand the differences between the video and the spreadsheets, but the whole point of this class is that it is for beginners.negative
I feel that the course does cover adequate topic to improve our mastery of data analysis in Excel. The course is more focus on the statistic and probability theory without giving adequate explanation on how to work on Excel.negative
Not for beginners as promised. You need strong statistical skills to understand it.negative
The course requires good knowledge of statistics as a pre-requisite.negative
Unfortunately, the material and lectures of this course fell short of my expectations. Lectures don't follow a logical path and are all over the place, and some concepts are not expanded as required. Overall, I believe they need to improve how the content is presented, and how it's applied in a real world context.negative
The lecture videos are not super helpful and the instruction and support for final project is somewhat lacking. You need a relatively solid background coming into doing the project beforehand. Just study the course material is not enough for you to complete your final project, in fact you need peer help or to read more materials to fully understand and finish the project. The quizzes compared to what is asked in the project is too simple and thus not constructive enough in the overall learning. Overall I would recommend you to have a solid background before proceed with this course if you want to improve your learning experiences.negative
Being honest, the lessons in the course are disconnected with the weekly tests, specially for the final exam. Professor Daniel Egger and his assistan MUST improve the lessons, including examples step by step specially for the multiple linear regression sunegative
Very confusing stuff, need better clarification in course description and the way the material is transmitted to the student need to be reconsideredBut very well made and interesting.negative
In the course info this is described as the first course in the series and that it requires no prior knowledge but the first week quiz contains questions referring to an equation 'discussed in the previous course'.negative
This course is mostly theory based and certainly not what i am expected!negative
Was very frustrated with this course. Does not have a strong emphasis on Excel skills and the statistics models provided seem to be randomly chosen and poorly explained. Quizzes were interesting, but time-consuming because of the necessary extra research outside of provided lectures.negative
I would have liked the class to be less theoretical, with more frequent explanations linking concepts to practical applications in daily / business life, in order to keep interest and motivation high and facilitate understanding and memorisation. It sure would help to enter this course with a certain background of probability. Those memories were too ancient in my case :-(negative
Content not discussed in proper detail. Instructor skims over the concepts. Its difficult to follow.negative
The content is really interesting and useful. However, the way in which the lessons are organised I'd say is confusing. The professor explain you complex concepts like entropy or binary classification to continue with an excel worksheet. It's here where the issue relays, the excel files are filled and instead of learning by doing you have to figure out how the prof made the file. In consequence, the solution is always available.In my opinion, it'd be better if a raw data set is given and you build the model step by step from the scratch.negative
Videos fine. Quizes impossible to understand unless you take previous courses and have time to go through forums and more extra staff. It takes a lot of time. Not suggested unless you have it.negative
I would not recommend this course. It was very poorly planned and seemed thrown together.negative
Much work needs to be done on this course to make it friendly to learners. The quizzes and assignments do not align with what is taught in the lessons. Further, the content in the lessons does not even show or explain what is expected from the learning.I spent the majority of my time exploring the discussions to discover what I was supposed to be doing and the rest of it on Google teaching myself the concepts that were not taught in the course.negative
the course neither explains statistics properly, nor teaches how to use excel effectively, disappointednegative
If I could give it less than 1 star, I would. It wasn't an Excel class, rather it was a targeted business statistics class with only disjointed lectures and no benefit of textbook to actually help you learn. Lots of errors in the lectures and tests, and little to no support from course staff. Stay away! You won't regret it.negative
im in week 4 , cant master data analysis in Excelnegative
Very confusing lectures, he says you don´t have to have a basic level of excel to do the course but I didn´t find that true. Struggled through all of the lecture videos and the quizzes seemed to come out of left field.negative
Very poor material and instruction videos, with no logical flow or process.negative
The material is sort of interesting but there is not much hand-holding. I actually am an Excel beginner, and have merely an average grasp of mathematics. Before signing up, I read the prerequisites - there were none! It is advertised as a class for beginners, but I have found it beyond frustrating, and whats more I pre-paid for the specialization so this Excel class and the final project seem to be an utter waste of money without me going off to study Excel at length before trying the course again. Why not label it as an intermediate or higher class? I feel there should be a more obvious indication of the difficulty.negative
absolutely one of the worst courses... I am deleting it from my list.no slides make it harder to follow.negative
Too much material, that moved too fast. Wasn't opportunity for enough feedback and explanation. I say this as someone who went to Duke and has taken similar classes at Duke!negative
Warning: The lecture videos along will NOT be enough to prepare you for the final assignment! Be prepared to do your own research for the extra study materials. On the forum, many students said they had to drop out during the last week (probably without getting a refund!) because they were completely caught off guard by the huge knowledge gap between lectures and the final assignment. If you are determined to get the specialization certificate, you should definitely start the final assignment as early as possible. Don't wait until the last week or two!!negative
It has a lot of problems, including: Not so many lectures about excel itself - most of the time you will be watching videos about statistic methods. The lectures are very superficial, even though the quizzes and projects demand a lot of knowledge and time. The course seems to have a staff of one man: the professor of the course rarely replies (even though he did at the beginning of the session) and all the work seems to be done by his assistant, who tries his best, but ends up not coping with all the questions asked at the discussion forums.negative
Great idea. Unfortunately, the course is young and there were too many bugs to get past Week 2. Hopefully these will be finished my next sessionnegative
Way too many abstract concepts that are not relevant to the challenges that I encounter in my day-to-day role. I wish this course would actually show me how to solve PRACTICAL business problems.The 2nd part of the course is not enjoyable at all. Sorry.negative
Don't know how to apply the statistics and excel formula in real world situation. Besides, it becomes focus on approving statistics equation than teaching data analysis in excelnegative
So many equations presented without explaining why these things work or how they are derived. I'm having a hard time seeing the relevance. Also, I learned a lot of these statistics in college and the explanations provided in these lessons actually confused me about things I already know. Very disappointed in this course. Especially since part 1 of the specialization was so good.negative
Where is the course study material and are you providing a book on this subject and Excel? You have me lost.negative
The course name is very misleading. While overall it is not a bad course, I believe a lot of people come here expecting very different material. Let's just put it this way: Mastering Data Analysis (mostly things to do with probability) with occasional use of Excel. Do not expect to learn anything new in excel.negative
The transition is from easy to advanced. It gets really confusing, not sure if it's just me. I am not following the lessons anymore so I left the course.negative
The material could be exciting but the presentation is dull. The pass mark on the quizzes is around 80%. As these courses are supposed to be for interest why do you need 80% to pass?negative
The pronunciation of the lector was more than awful! His English is quite unsuitable for video lectures! It was just a torture listening to him!negative
The content might be great but the teachers don't seem to enjoy presenting the course at all. They are basically reading from a script. Very monotonous atmosphere.negative
interesting content but not well presented. faculty read the script and struggled with pronunciation, fluency and generally engaging presentation. Combination of basic content on the one hand and highly specialised information / terminology without explanation on the other was not helpful to learning.negative
Personal difficulty in understanding accents, my own lack of ability.negative
I found it very hard to understand the lecturers and what they were saying.negative
The teachers doesn't seem to enjoy beeing there.......... The all seem like ''The faster we do this, the sooner it will be finished....''negative
The articles that were limited were actually somewhat helpful. The google hangouts seemed lackluster and draining. I would recommend more substance in the videos, or MoMA might switch to an article/book MOOC that doesn't rely as much as people talking about their opinion without a ton of evidence or support. Wouldn't recommend participating in this MOOCnegative
It's seemingly a great course for K-12 teachers but lacks relevance for higher education.negative
Some of the content are repetitive. The first interview sounds "staged". Some Korean reference ("noon sei" or something like that ) are non-value adding.negative
This is a very basic course that introduces you to the topic, but doesn't go into much depth. While it's clear that a lot of time was spent filming and creating the course material, I still would not recommend this course. Both the presentation itself and the in-video quizzes are unbelievably obnoxious. The presenter emphasizes every other word and talks in a very unnatural manner that makes it very tiring to listen to, and the in-video quizzes are far too basic and take up too much time. Sometimes you also have to go to an external site in order to do the activities, which are badly designed and just frustrating. Overall, I recommend waiting for a better course.negative
The class isn't over but I'm suffering through it, not enjoying it, like I did the dino Uof A classes. Problems: the presenter is HORRIBLE. He's sing-songy, trying to be interesting. Can't you get the dino guy? Or me -I'll do it for free. PAINFUL. Also - you need more graphics. Charging along with Mr. Boring and a map of Alaska behind him as concept after concept - difficult ones for folks who aren't like me with lots of background - is a perfect recipe for lack of comprehension. Even inept and cheesy graphics would be better than nothing. Yes, I noticed that the earth is spinning the wrong way in the "sun at an angle around the sun" graphic but who cares? It's something. And yes, I know it's free, and I know you have budgets, but 3 universities can't rustle up a graphics undergrad to help out and call it an internship?? The content is probably better than my perception - and I'm perceiving high! - because I need an aspirin after 20 minutes of Mr. Please Get A Professional Presenter [or at least competent.] I create online education that is nothing better than Powerpoint and a talking head, lack of budget, but at least the head doesn't make people want to drown themselves in a melting glacier.negative
Interesting subject, the presenter is hard to listen to though.negative
The course is good but it could be improved. For example, I don't think the images on the background (even if they are stunning) are particularly important and I think they could be substituted by plots and schemes referring to the topics (all the presented schemes where helpful, but there would have been more things that would have been good to see visually).negative
Way too much videos and too little hands-on learning. Felt like the course mostly taught you to remember stuff, and not actually learning a skill, though I broke the course early.negative
I've only gotten started, but there seems some assumptions made about how much we know and how quickly we can pick up these new terms and ideas.negative
Not very helpful. In the homework I spent more time wrestling with commands in R than actually gaining an understanding of the subject matter.Also, I really didn't need so many subject matter examples about the professor's baby's pooping habits. (And my family is Dutch with all the offensive humor that comes with it, so it's not just a matter of the sense of humor not translating)I'm re-taking Statistics with Calculus online at my local state university and frankly, I can't notice any benefit from taking this course first. My current online Statistics with Calculus course is rewarding and I feel like I'm truly gaining mastery of the topics, whereas in the Basic Statistics course I was floundering.The graphics in the way the lessons are presented are well done! But I would have been just fine with fewer graphics if it meant more worked-through examples.negative
The lecturer does not clearly explain the topics very well especially on the topics in Probability and Distribution. His presentation in English is honestly quite hard to understand.negative
R labs are too tedious for people with medical or science background! we need explanations rather than trying to figure it out on our own!negative
this course was a waste of my time; luckily I found out after wasting only 6 hours on the preview. this course apparently requires a level of probability knowledge I don'tnegative
Uses R with no explanation. Why does it use a challenging programming language that is not the point. The point is to learn statistics.Use Statcrunch - so students can focus on statistics not programmingnegative
The course is as much about computer programming as it is about statistics. The statistics I can do with pen and paper; the programming, I found very, very unhelpful and confusing. Eventually, I gave up on the course.negative
Puerile, made up examples with made up data, no deeper treatment of the mathematics involved than the here-is-a-magic-formula-use-it approach and mistakes (including serious conceptual and factual errors) evident in the quizzes and the R labs. Far better to look out for the "Data Analysis and Statistical Inference" course by Duke on Coursera that is presented by a passionate statistics teacher, covers the same material (and more) and provides a far better introduction to R than this course.One of the stated purposes of this specialization is to clean up the way social scientists conduct science and are perceived as scientists; in this respect, it appears that the worst enemies of social scientists are social scientists.negative
I love the main lecture of the statistics. The Subject is fun. After couple lecture, my mind was very clear.But most of the time I'm working on the statistics software name R. I think it would be better if require R knowledge. If not, student like me will need more than weeks to get use to R. I don't mean learn another software is bad idea. I will always like to learn something new. That's why I go MOOC. What I mean is R and Basic Statistics should be separated. First R, than Basic Statistic. Or first Basic Statistic than R.I really enjoy the class. but the extra is a bit heavy for me.negative
Good lectures, but the R-lab is horrible. Do not take this class.negative
---------- way too much time is devoted to introducing definitions and way too little time is given for student practicing and review . the presenter's accent is constantly impeding instant recognition of what he's saying. the subtitles sometimes don't accurately represent what he's saying. sometimes there are misspellings - which makes it even harder to know what he's saying. this student was inundated with formulas that needed to be practiced - and i didn't even have time to write them down !negative
This course is bad!I had come upto week 4. While Chris Impey is knowledgeable and good, the course structure is very poor and leaves a lot to be desired. I would venture to make some suggestions:a. Restrict each video to a max of 7 minutes. More than that makes one sleepy.b. Reduce the number of videos in each module to a max of say 6.c. Instead of having Chris expound it like an audio reading, please include some slides, pictures,tables so that the matter to be learnt becomes self evident and Chris doesn't have to speak so much. A good example is the Coursera "The Global Financial Crisis", which I am also doing currently.d. If you feel all the material in this course has to be studied, then to achieve the objectives in (a) and (b) above, divide this course into two parts, Astronomy: Exploring Time and Space - part I & II.e. The written assignments are very simple and do not require any mental resources other than memory. Can you make the questions more challenging? For example, in Telescopes (Assignment 2), can you not ask a question like "In addition to Atacama, Chile, using Google earth, which other parts of the globe may be suitable for installation of ground based telescopes?" or "To obviate the blurring effect of the atmosphere, discuss the possibility of high altitude balloon based telescopes?" or "What do you feel about the fact that since today's mobile phones have high computing ability, their components can be used to make a low-cost space based interferometric telescopes?"Kudos to Chris and his team! On the whole, knowledge wise, this is a good course.negative
I can't have my certirficate and already I pay for it!negative
Honestly, I find it very hard to recommend this course to anyone. First of all, let's note that the course covers quite more advanced topics than the previous 3 courses in the specialization, so some extra difficulty is to be expected. However, the main problem I encountered was with the video lectures themselves, particularly during the 3rd and 4th week of the course. The instructor does a very rushed job at explaining everything, constantly giving us tons of information and jargon that is not previously mentioned, and even the examples fail to give us insight at what we need to do and why.Other than the lectures, no external material is given to help us decipher what the professors are saying, other than a few Wikipedia links. I'm not saying that each course should be accompanied by an e-book, but honestly, if I wanted to learn about Bayesian Statistics from Wikipedia I could have well skipped this class.The main reason I'm giving 2 stars to the course instead of 1 is the Labs and the Quizzes. Even though they could use some polishing too, especially the final Lab, they are indeed very helpful and do a much better job at clarifying the concepts presented.All in all, I feel that if you want to learn about Bayesian Statistics you should look for another course, and/or save your money and get yourselves a good textbook.negative
This course makes a valiant effort to provide as much coverage of Bayesian statistical methods as the prior three courses in the "Statistics in R" specialization do for Frequentist statistical methods, but the lack of supporting material (e.g. reading/text exercises directly paired with each lesson) really hampers this. The videos are quite informative, but if you don't catch on to the material based strictly on the videos, the weekly quizzes can be a bit frustrating.negative
The first three courses in this Duke series were superbly well done. I have taken numerous courses from Harvard and Johns Hopkins, and none of them compare in quality of execution of the first three Duke courses in this series.And then there was Bayesian Statistics: much of the "instruction" in this course was truly awful. The quality of the slides and video and so on was still excellent, but the "teaching" was horrible. Vast amounts of totally unexplained jargon and very extensive equations were thrown at the students with the apparent assumption that the course was a review for postdoctoral statistics students. When material is beyond the scope of what perspective students can reasonably be expected to understand, faculty members should be honest enough to just say so rather than pretending to teach the subject matter.I appreciate very much what the Duke faculty achieved in the first three courses, but the treatment of Bayesian statistics that I have just suffered through was shameful.negative
This is easily the worst course in the Statistics with R specialization. Contrary to the earlier courses, which were very competently taught by Dr Cetinkaya-Rundel, teaching quality is very poor in this course. Both of the main instructors are unable to explain what's going on. There is vagueness and ambiguity, which is almost impossible for the uninitiated to resolve. All in all, a very frustrating experience. The course would urgently need re-recording. As it stands, it shows a huge disrespect for the student's time and effort.negative
This class assumes a lot of statistical knowledge and background that is not covered in the first three classes of the series. So much statistical terminology and jargon was used by the instructor, it felt like taking a class in another language where I had to constantly stop the video and google for the terminology she used. It took a lot of grit to finish the class, which was overall a very demoralizing and negative experience.negative
I would've saved a lot of time by knowing the R commands used in this course. It took so long to figure out things and I I didn't like the course because of that.negative
Good introduction to Bayesian concepts, but the course would benefit of some rethought of design of exercises.negative
Too Fast. Video is too short and spend a lot of time in the summary.negative
The first three classes in this certification were excellent; this course was anything but that. There seems to be a significant disconnect between the first three courses (probability, inference, linear regression) and the fourth course (bayesian). I do not have a strong statistics background but I felt the first three classes in the certification challenged me, while providing an adequate level of support and thorough / articulate examples; the pace was perfect. Yet, with the fourth course I believe that either: 1) there needs to be a bridge course that prepares you for the bayesian course, or 2) the material needs to be taught at a slower pace with more specific and well presented examples / frameworks to work from. Although I was able to complete the course, I will now have to find an alternative source to learn from in order to really understand bayesian stats.negative
The professors know what they are doing but not good at making the concepts plain to the students who don't have the strong background. Most of the times I would just ask myself why they did this and that but later they don't provide enough explanations.negative
I get really frustrated when the tutor doesn't explain lots of concept/symbols in the materials.....negative
This course needs much more work from instructors before it gets offered to the public. It is poorly assembled, offers hardly comprehensible material with no or very few resources to turn to. Reading material is listed, but they are useful for people already skilled in Bayesian Statistics. Exercises are worded such, that even the questions are a challenge to understand. Quizzes contain material never mentioned during lessons. Discussion forums are left unanswered by the teaching staff - or if they reply, they do it in a very negligent manner. No support on the merits. A major disappointment.negative
About two years ago I completed Dr. Mine's course "Data Analysis and Statistical Inference" and was quite impressed by it. I always hoped that there'd be a follow up on bayesian statistics, so I was really excited when I heard that a course on this topic had finally been created. However while attending the course I became more and more disappointed. Dr. Mine does a nice job explaining things, other teachers in this course aren't as talented. Most slides / videos are quite useless for teaching because they skip over important steps without giving appropriate explanations. Also I was quite disappointed that this course pretty much only focuses on conjugate priors. MCMC is only skimmed over and the introduction to MCMC is more than questionable - instead of showing a simple example, MCMC is squeezed into the topic of bayesian model selection. Another point is R - this course doesn't really teach bayesian stats with R. It teaches how to call one-liners like bayes_inference (from package statsr) or bas.lm (from package BAS) instead of lm. This is totally disappointing. I wish this course would skim over conjugate prior methods and then focus on MCMC sampling methods by teaching how to build interesting and practically useful models using JAGS/STAN/PyMC/whatever. For anyone interested in bayesian stats I'd recommend reading "Doing Bayesian Data Analysis - Using R, JAGS, and STAN" and "Probabilistic Programming and Bayesian Methods for Hackers". These books are actually cheaper than this course.negative
Mismatch between assessment and course content. After not being able to pass the assessment, I've fallen behind on the course and I'm too busy to catch up.negative
This course clearly has come ambition to cover important topics on bayesian statistics, however, probably due to time limit, the lecturers have to skim through the contents without further, sometimes necessary explanations. As a result, the lectures are difficult to follow.negative
This course is not well-presented. Lectures are unimaginative, and there isn't enough supporting material or readings.negative
This course covers a good amount of bayesian statistics. However, the presentation/videos starting from week 2 really sucks. They change instructors for difference topics and obviously some instructors are not very good at explaining other than reading the material.The videos skipped many medium steps that are actually very crucial for understanding the concepts. And no suggested reading materials at all either. Also the quiz are not very well designed either. For example, some quiz are much more simpler than the course material, which makes it not helpful at all to understand the course material itself. While some times it is the opposite.The first three courses in this specialization are very good, but somehow this course are way below the quality of the previous ones.negative
The course lacks of explanation and it's very difficult to follow. It seems that the instructor just reads the slides without reasoning and explanation. Suggested reading materials are needed.negative
I don't understand how come this course can get such high reviews. My experience with this course is horrible. First of all, most quiz are poorly designed, lots of mistakes. For instance, there are 10 Qs in week 1, 3 of them have mistakes. Wasted me tons of times.Lectures are also difficult to follow. Instructors usually just give formulas without further explanation. I forced myself to go through them until week 4, I finally give it up. I feel like it is a waste of my time. I need to find a better course on this topic.Most coursera courses are very well designed. This one is the worst I have ever experienced.negative
Not much useful. Limited in interactivity. Dropped out after a week and halfnegative
there was no home worksnegative
too many theory and too boringnegative
The instructor kept referring to different authors and books as if she wasn't sure what she was saying was true. She was just reading off a screen and not actually teaching. Might have been easier, and a bit more beneficial, to just read a well prepared set of slides on my own. The first set of quiz questions also weren't really relevant to what was in the actual lesson. Quite disappointed in this part of the specialization as the other sections had in depth presentations, clear information, lots of examples and great slides.negative
I couldn'tfinish this course because it was too much the. I wish it had a more practical aspect.negative
I found this course is very much theoritical. I should have included mathatical models and ways to relate them with our day to day life.Thanksnegative
I like that the course covered negotiation in general in relatively short time. However I found the lectures were too dry and theoretical as they lacked real life examples.negative
She is fluent just like reading the scripts.negative
I had a hard time paying attention to the woman speaking and dropped the course after completing week one.negative
Very bad course. The content can barely be applied outside US, you don't know from which perspective it's explained (for sales or purchasing people), the videos are bad quality, the teacher is babbling, no extra resources, no interaction with the audience outside the assessments.negative
This course offered nothing significant or new to anyone who has spent any time around business or government negotiations. It really seems as though the instructor either assumes all of her students are completely inept or that because it is a free course that producing a reasonably viable product is not necessary.negative
Too short, too easy, too costly. Beautiful picture, beautiful title, but low content.negative
The answers to the test questions can be improved significantly. Most of them can be both justified or refuted.negative
The Instructor doesn't give enough info about principles and her presentation skills are very week,the studying material also are very poornegative
Boring, didn't have strength to finishnegative
teacher talks much too slowly, and uses many complex terms when they are not needednegative
Course depends too much on multiple third-party sites to be as enlightening as I had hoped. I learned about some great resources, but that's about it.negative
Painful to watch and boring as hell!negative
Too many errors in the graded assignments.negative
Quite disappointing. Lecturers / tutors no responding in time, and the solution provided are questionable, which already happened in earlier courses of this specialisation.negative
I didn't learn anything more than what I already knew- which was basic concepts- and was able to pass anyway. I'm very disappointed. I want to be a good programmer, and this did not teach me any programming.The videos are not conducive to learning. You need a more engaging teaching plan. Don't just read slides to me, I can do that myself. Use videos to explain concepts, but stuff your videos with practice problems. Put more code in the videos and walk me through it. Put in mini-quizzes in the middle of videos, to keep the student aware of how they are doing in short increments. Don't move on to the next thing unless they have learned the first thing.I was unable to complete the projects because the practical coding was not taught - don't throw a third of the course into the first practice I get to without first walking me through short, contained examples of how to actually use the code, and testing me on each piece before putting it all together.negative
The entirety of this course is "watch and listen". There are no hands-on activities/assignments that get you implementing what you are (supposedly) learning. The assignments that are offered are optional and consist of filling in the blank code without actually providing you a way to see how your code works in the big picture.For example - they go on and on about how intents are complicated and tricky, but they don't actually give you a required assignment. It's optional. Then the actual assignment is "Do this here, and this here, and then this here" and only when you have completed every step can you actually run the code. But this doesn't actually show you how to build the intent. All you did was write down what they told you to and where. You never actually build anything yourself. You don't actually get an idea of how these things work or how to implement them yourself from scratch.The quizzes are also pointless. Every quiz is multiple choice, select all that apply. There's no thought required, just regurgitation of info from the lectures.Also, the entire week 1 lectures are HORRIBLE. The lectures on git are sssoooo dull that I could not stay awake no matter how much I wanted to. They are given in a monotone, bored tone that will drive you insane.Overall, this course seems more like it was hastily slapped together, without much thought, and then never looked at again. I would not recommend anyone take this course, let alone pay for it.negative
The programming exercises should not be optional. I still intend to do them, but now I passed the course with a 100% mark but only 10% of knowledge.negative
More practical application would be helpful in solidifying knowledge. Concepts seem abstract outside of any programming practice. Additionally, flow of lectures seems scattered at times: concepts are introduced then not expounded upon. This creates a distracted learning path that makes it difficult to follow the lessons. (From a beginner programmer's view).negative
Course work was entirely optional and only started at the end of week 2. The required level of involvement was too low to be helpful. I don't learn well just watching lectures - I can get that much from YouTube!!! However, I expect a bit more when paying $500 for a specialisation.The first module in the series was too basic but at least there was a lot of coding involved. This (second) module didn't even have that.negative
I was really disappointed with this course, especially considering how great the first course was. IMO...there was too large of a jump between the two courses, and the plethora of "I'm totally lost..." threads in the forums would seem to back up my opinion. I'm currently reading Head First Android Development and it is exactly what I needed to grasp basic concepts as well get my bearings in the Android world. If this class remains the same I wouldn't be surprised to see attendance drop in further courses and/or Coursera starts receiving complaints about the difficulty.negative
This course gives good perspective on innovation process and how to bring idea to life. However it was disappointing to me that content of the course has nothing to do with Art and Culture.negative
I would like to give this course worse than a 1 star. The course explanations are very poor. The explanations drag on and make no sense. I had to go to outside sources to make sense of what the videos were discussing, which I felt like defeats the purpose. Why am I paying for something when I have to use other sources to better explain. I would never recommend this course to anyone. Listening to these teachers explain each subject poorly was killing me. I like to learn through examples but what they provide just makes it more confusing and hard to follow. Each instructor got worse and worse! The videos were so hard to watch and the accents made it even more worse! I feel robbed from taking this course. I should have asked for my refund within the first week, but I felt since I was paying, I would stick it out a little longer. You will get a better explanation if you take each subject and youtube the videos on each subject. Very useless course. Hated every week of this course and I wouldn't dare to continue with the full specialization program. It's very sad to hear that this course gets recommended a lot, but it missed it's mark completely.negative
I don't recommend this course. The lectures barely touch on the topics being taught, you are expected to go learn on your own. I learned more from the free Khan academy than from this course. It would have been worth more buying good literature on algorithms.negative
The videos and explanations are very poor. Most of the time the instructors are reading off a script, and everything feels fake. By reading off a script they are forced to "hand-wave" and do not explain concepts covered completely.The only thing I liked about this course were the problem sets, which were interesting to do. Will not buy rest of specialization, feels like this is just a cash cow for UCSD.negative
Def a useful skills to have when starting to interview for jobs. This is a hard course to teach to begin with. I found the lectures really boring, too long, hard to understand and just not really motivated well. I think the homework problem are good, but they are very time consuming. You need to use various methods to find edges cases and though that might be a good skill to have as well, it's just too much to get done in one week and somewhat frustrating when you're only stuck in one test case. I think this could be an excellent course with a few modification on the slides and adding more motivations and making shorter homework problems that focuses on the main part of the material for that as oppose to things we've already covered in the previous week. At the moment, I don't think I'll continue this specialization the way it's designed.negative
If one has taken the Algorithms 1 and 2 course by Profs. Sedgewick and Wayne, this course will be a disappointment and waste of time.negative
the material are great so much information and it is the first from the hole specializationbut! the explanation is so weak doesn't match at all with this big datathe pseudocode is so distracting and hard to readi always get lost and i don't know is it an array in the code or variable and what does he want to do with itthe pseudocode should be just a normal english code saying what to donot an understandable signs :\i am really sad that i couldn't get benefits from this amount of knowledgenegative
These two stars go to the instructor in week 1. I left the course after week 3 because I couldn't tolerate the accents of the instructors. I got frustrated starting from week 2 where I have to reread the subtitles to understand the material. Please let someone who can speak English fluently teach the course, please. The course goes kinds of fast, this is first course of the Specialization and it quickly jumps to Greedy algorithm, really? In general Algorithm course, it is usually taught late.negative
Algorithmic Toolbox consists of a series of slides containing slimmed down explanations on introductory algorithmic concepts, followed up with programming assignments. The slides are the centrepiece of the course, as the presenters rarely stray from the bullet points and pseudocode they're comprised of.I learned a lot during this course. Although, to gain confidence in your knowledge, this is a course that will require you to seek out additional materials to supplement your learning. Perhaps unsurprising being an introductory course, but the presenters struggle when faced with setting expectations.Throughout the course presenters often gloss over fairly complex concepts, treating them as they were trivial knowledge. This applies to mathematical definitions, proofs where most steps are skipped, tree diagrams without the context of their underlying theory, or bullet points used in place of what could be detailed explanations.All material is left equally weighted. Rather than providing explanations like: "We don't need to go into detail on this, only x concept from it is important for what we want to focus on. Reference this chapter in this book for more detail." presenters would read mathematical definitions verbatim from the slides and move on. I was often unsure of how much I would need to know about such concepts.In terms of communication ability, the presenters don't hold up against many of the free/low-cost services I'm accustomed to using, for example: MIT OpenCourseWare, Udacity, edX, Khan Academy, Code School, Treehouse, etc. Perhaps unsurprising, as these competing services often feature professional communicators rather than professional researchers. But the marketplace for quality online education is definitely becoming a competitive one. Users now expect nothing less than presenters with exceptional communication/teaching ability.In most videos the presenters read verbatim from the slides and motion with their hands to explain concepts that would be better broken down on a whiteboard. Rarely straying from the slides, the times the presenters go into more depth on a concept, you get a scribble in the corner of a slide, lacking the clarity I've come to expect when approaching complex concepts from master educators like YouTuber PatrickJMT or Khan Academy. After a couple weeks into the course, I just went straight to the slides, read MIT's Introduction to Algorithms, and skipped most of the course videos.But all things considered, the course served as a good curriculum to guide my focus through the introductory concepts, regardless of where I sought it out.negative
Update: As I proceed to wk 5, I know why there are some complaint on Dynamic programming,Reduced to 2 stars. Lectures are totally useless for the assignment,The course is really good until week 4 when it deteriorates very quick. No matter how many times I re-watch the lecture, I can't understand much. I ended up using wikipedia for the quiz instead :PI can't use much of the course forum since there are too many posts there and it keep crashing my chrome.This course gets my 3 stars from the first 3 weeks alone, otherwise it gonna be 0-2 stars.negative
Even though this course covers a lot fundamentals for introduction to algorithm, the course itself is not designed as good as I expected. For starters, the weekly problem designs aren't very good. Some problem statements are ambiguous and not very clear unless you read more than one time or take a closer look at the examples. Often, the input format/arguments are designed to take redundant info. Some problem even has more than one possible correct outputs, which is just confusing for learning purpose.In terms of lecture videos, it's good that there are some classic algorithm problems being demonstrated in the video, however the linkage between how to express a problem in mathematical languages is poorly explained. For example, in the lecture of edit distance, the realization of the matrix was not well explained at all. I personally appreciate a lot of the thorough proving steps introduced in the lectures, however I personally think the proofs are often not well explained to the audience (I also understand that it's more difficult to explain proving steps). Considering the large variety of audience, I would recommend the instructors separate the comprehensive more in-depth knowledge into optional videos, in this way the audiences could decide if they want to spend time in optional videos or not based on their own needs, meanwhile the instructors could spend a little bit more time to explain the difficult concepts better. Overall, I know that talking and analyzing algorithms can be kinda of boring and challenging, but I wish the course videos could be stated in a more interesting and intriguing way.negative
Feedback in assignment is not good enough.For example, for the points and segment, there are no correct answer in output as a reference.negative
The course starts very promising, but it gets worse week after week, culminating on a barely understandable week about dynamic programming. That’s when I gave up and decided to write this review instead, with just one assignment missing to complete the course.Some of the teachers aren’t native english speakers, which is fine, but their english is very hard to understand. I found myself having to watch some portions of the videos over and over again in order to understand what was being said. I tried reading the transcripts instead, but the they’re even worse! It seems that they were automatically generated from the videos, thus suffering with the poor pronunciation.The teachers use mathematical sophistication that feels unnecessary, but to be fair, they do mention it on the FAQ as part of the necessary background. However, even though it’s an online course, they barely use any teaching method besides very raw slides, some dry mathematical proofs and someone speaking about the content. The only resources offered to help learning are a few open source visualizations. I expected much more.The only good aspect from this course are the assignment checkers, which allow you to write your solutions in multiple languages.I deeply regret the money and time I spent on this course.negative
So much of the content was limited without paying for the course, that calling it a MOOC is a real stretch. Because of these limitations, most of my work was done on my own, and by purchasing the related book. Since my local Community College used to run this course, but now points to this onine course instead, it's a huge disappointment. Most folks who are going into business for themselves need good information but have little cash. The one star is for the handouts (I believe pulled from other websites but pointed to by this course) - these have been useful.negative
It was really boring, just reading the text in the presentation.It can be made in 4 classes not 8.negative
Informative but not challenging enough.negative
I have given you a 2* star rating as on finishing my course promptly all the information I submitted has suddenly been locked! I haven't been able to answer a classmate's request to review his work & worse, I haven't been able to print off my own work for reference & this is a REAL project so I need to be able to do this. We were not given notice that this would happen.#disappointednegative
Why is this course dangerous?I took this course because first I liked the idea to have a history lesson spanning the age of the whole universe. Maybe it is also intriguing to explain everything just with one principle: the second law of thermodynamics. BUT as it turned out they don't have any clue what this second law of thermodynamics means. They always forget the second part of it: it is just valide in a closed system. I think everbody will agree, that the earth for example isn't a closed system.In the beginning they tell you you should be critical about everything new you hear or get taught. But if you are critical and question things they teach you they will ignore you. One glance at the discussion forum shows: they are fast in answering good feedback and compliments by students, but critical questions (with scientific papers who show different facts) get ignored for weeks and months. They are cherry picking. They just see what encourages their view and their opinion and ignore everything that contradicts their course, opinion, believe and dogma. In this respect they are so dangerous. That is the same principle how cults work.Maybe their goal, stopping polluting and changing the world in such a speed seems to be a good one. But also here you have to be careful. When they talk about climate change and the overuse of ressources they are exaggerating by a factor of 50! In my opinion you are damaging an important discussion if you are lying and exaggerating in such a shameless way. For sure it is not helpful! But again, the truth doesn't fit in their world view.Furthermore they "teach" that cities get blown away by taifoons is caused by the "universe balancing entropy". This isn't just lack of understanding physics, or history, or flow mechanics, it is just insane.In summary: this is not a history course, but the "teachings" of a lying, exaggerating, cherry picking cult with no knowledge in particle physics, cosmology, chemistry, biology or even history.So please: if you take this course, be aware of this pitfalls and their intentions.negative
With a grand title and grand introduction, I found the course very superficial and gained little additional insight form "Big History".negative
I find the week 6 of this course completely irrelevant. Also, I'm attending courses on Coursera to learn and quizzes are IMO an essential part of that process, but definitely not essays. For me personally, essays are just waste of time and there's nothing beneficial about them.Another thing that bugs me is how questionably and often misleadingly are thermodynamical laws interpreted by the professors in this course.negative
the class gave me nothing. nobody wan's to waste tons of hours to learn nothing. so I personally think this course is on of the worst classes among the Coursera.negative
Course is not good at all. The instructor assumes that you have a good genomic background.negative
I struggled so hard! No way near the same level as the other courses.Came from Computer science background and felt that I missed so many terms and concepts that were required for this coursenegative
Very frustrating and disappointing experience. The lectures were hard to follow on many levels:1) The enunciation was unclear and subtitles were often of-the-point, plus they covered-up the code lines that were being discussed.2) The lecturer often failed to explain logical constructs that were being used, despite the fact that the course should have been understandable with no R cran/Bioconductor experience.3) The method arguments were either not explained, or very vaguely mentioned, which means applying them to new situations was unnecessarily complicated.4) No feedback at all was offered from course organisers/reps to anyone, even after complains in discussion forum about quiz questions.5) No feedback for solving the questions/correct answers even after the deadline.6) Quiz questions required methods and logical constructs that were not explained/used/mentioned in the lectures. One quiz lacked background information of what data needed to be used (the info was available in the previous version of the course). Some quiz questions were biologically inaccurate i.e. confusing genes/transcripts/exons.negative
Discussions in this course are voiceless and dead and the instructor never appears in discussions. I couldn't understand anything from video lectures: cannot understand enunciation not enough detailed, lack of examples related to the assignments. So the only source was repository http://kasperdanielhansen.github.io/genbioconductor/ with html files. And a lot of searching through bioconductor forums.I liked the relevance of quiz questions to real life genomic questions, but all quiz questions were outstandingly difficult, because of both lack of examples in lectures and errors in some packages inside bioconductor.Overall I expected much more from this course and I cannot recommend it to anyone.negative
complier error all the time!!!!!!negative
Not very useful. Somehow general.negative
Interesting topics, and some good information presented on a variety of issues for many animals and situations. However, presented info is often vague and generalized, some sections discuss very little scientific data to back up claims made, and course is generally not very rigorous or challenging.negative
*No Stars*Another boring animal class that I would not recommend. The teachers do seem nice and well educated however it is still too boring and slow for me.negative
Too many animal mistreatment clips were shown, also some gross misstatements of biological-scientific truths and widely held facts. Humans cannot change the genome of any living creature, DOGS are WOLVES and always will be. We have domesticated and bred for certain personality traits and characteristics. Done with your course.negative
The course is uneven at best, with some modules providing insights and knowledge and others not so much. The presentation in some of the modules is perhaps an example of how not to do it, reading fro a script in a monotonous voice. Some of the material, like the lengthy historical review of Edinburgh's vet school, might be good advertising and interesting, but does not fall under the scope of 'what it takes to be a vet'. Good idea, but, with a few exceptions, less than average execution.negative
Content was good, but occasionally VERY hard to understand the lecturers' English. Worth taking though.negative
Sorry for my English.So many people looking forward to take this course and was very cold, robotic... full of theoretical and repetitive texts.negative
This course was nothing like true Tibetan Buddhism which is my religion ! please consider canceling it immediatly or having me or a real lama as the teachernegative
This is a course that sounds like a bad audiobook. The prof. reading a the lecture and giving lot of information without any soul or teaching energy to engage. I prefer then read a book about this topic than being here at this course get bored listening at the same tone a reading of a lecture.negative
Audio is terrible - can't continuenegative
Not well presented at all. Great disappointment.negative
Really horrible in instruction, experience and application ability of lecturers, poorly put together and assembled. It was astonishing to experience such self-promoting hacks rather than knowledgeable practitioners of the art of meditation. It is very important to clarify the content of a somewhat titled misnomer. The course was an academic study in mediation bring is rather esoteric, questionable, and personal opinion concepts and comments; in effect a mesh-mash.negative
Audio was difficult to hear at timesnegative
I am very disappointed about the content. It is not a course. Pr David Germano is just reading text. No design no learning experience. I would learn much better with just reading a book. It is a shame I was very interested in the subject.negative
This course feels a lot like it's being taught by a non-teaching professor. The lectures are very long, not chunked for easy viewing (to the point where I couldn't download to my phone for offline/off-wifi use). There are very long locally-hosted readings (so they're hard to print and you can't add them to an offline reader app), and the Reading section for each lesson seems to be a bibliography (rather than actual reading assignments), because there are no links and some refer to "Selections" without giving page numbers or, in at least one case, a multi-volume book. The information is comprehensive and very valuable, but the delivery is very lacking as a MOOC.negative
The course is very useless, there is no meat, only water - there is no substance - only talking around the topic. I am appalled that such research exists, and ashamed for the courseranegative
The course appears unfinished and very disorganized. The lectures are monotonous and boring.negative
The early lectures were profoundly dense, monotone and cluttered with non-contextual detail while being (strangely given the subject) seemingly empty of a real desire to share, or convey, understanding. I am confess that, as much as I was looking forward to guest lecturers, I couldn't make it past the first three.negative
Not for the basic student looking for information. Very detailednegative
Too much theoretical. Probably this is not the course I was looking for when I joined it. Nevertheless, I will try to get some concepts from it, particularly for what concerns the practice of meditation and mindfulness.negative
Watch one or 2 lectures before you join the course, if you felt okay then go ahead, otherwise don't waste your time and money, something wrong in the course structure...negative
I think the teacher had to little expression , it was like he was reading loud, and I felt I might have red the text myself. I lacked some enthusiasmnegative
Simply not as engrossing as I had hoped it would be.negative
Terrible...can't believe how a quality the course is. Embarrassing.negative
too many videos and texts.negative
presentation has to be betternegative
A lot of talking, little content.negative
I enjoyed and benefitted from some of this course. In particular I would highly recommend the Meditation Labs, the Science of Meditation videos and the short presentations from the Tibetan Buddhist monks . But I think the creators of this course need to be a lot clearer about what their aims are in that part of the course which Dr Germano presented. Since this was he was presenting the main overview of Buddhist content it was particularly disappointing that his presentations were so bad.I understand that there were difficulties in getting the course up and running from the various delays in its starting date and the change to its title and perhaps Dr Germano's role was more affected than the other lecturers. However it's pretty damning when he manages to to be so off-putting to so many of the students, going on the discussion comments. For my own part, I've studied and practiced Buddhism for more than 30 years and I am left with little sense of what his aims were for his lectures.To be more specificDr Germano's Presentation:-he read from what I presume were lecture notes but more likely he was reading from an academic paper. the language was pretty turgid.-he could have just provided a PDF of his paper / notes for us to download. That would have been much more helpful as presumably it would have had some structure to it. doing that would have enabled him to use his video time in a more creative way.-MOOCs are wonderful audio-visual opportunities but he had no slides or illustrations at all. The few text headers which appeared then disappeared in only a very few seconds and sometimes did not relate directly to what he was saying at that time.Dr Germano's content: the amended title was Tibetan Buddhist Meditation. This is a complex subject which encompasses many layers of meditation practice culled from historically earlier Buddhist traditions. Can I suggest that any future version of this course includes the following:-include a video which presents the main aspects of the historical development of Buddhism. There was some mention of this in Germano's material but he did it from the Tibetan point of view. Surely what a modern day presentation needs is a modern impartial historical analysis of the subject. It's not as if there aren't plenty of academics and practitioners who are active in this field.-it's confusing to describe Tibetan Lesser Vehicle practices but then illustrate them with Pali text sources, modern Mindfulness practice, and modern Brahma Vihara practice all of which have emerged from the modern Theravadin tradition.-it's also perplexing to include information about many modern Theravadin teachers (Sayadaw, Goenka) in a course apparently not about them.Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed the videos about Sayadaw and the interview with Sharon Saltzberg, but I am left in the dark about just what differences, if any, there are between them and Tibetan meditation.Overall I think this course was offered prematurely. Much of its content was enthralling, inspiring and very useful practically. However much of it was not.negative
I am afraid this is only two stars from me for now. It is a course with great content and a lot of potential, but the way how it is delivered can be greatly improved to make it easier to understand and more engaging. I just hope the team do not give up, but improve this to be one of the best courses on Coursera - it can well be!negative
Needs to be more engaging.negative
Very poorly structured. Purely academic and dull as dishwater. Buddhist meditation is a profoundly beautiful tradition but there is no beating heart here. I gave up quickly.negative
I waited a long time for this class to start but now that it is here I find it impossible summon enough will to pay attention to the lectures. As a retired teacher I have more of an ability to stick to a class than many but life is too short to wait for this class to perk up. The professors seem very knowledgable but their teaching methodology leaves a lot to be desired.negative
As a beginner to the subject... I feel like I know even less if that was possible after just the first few weeks!! I plan to start again sometime in the future and see if I can figure things out in this course.. after I learn about Buddhism somewhere else first!negative
As a buddhist, I feel upset of this course. I expected it to be teach in a better way, with more lectures, PPT presentations...there ought to be a better way of explanation.negative
The guided meditations were wonderful, but the introductory lectures for Weeks 1-5 were redundant and boring. These lectures could have been much shorter and would have been equally valuable. Dr. Clifford Saron's lectures were interesting.negative
Far too academic. Nothing of substance but lists. I'm not here for monotonous lectures.negative
I was looking forward to starting this course, but so far, checking through the delivery of the first 4 weeks, I can't see spending time voluntarily following this. There is no doubt a lot of work put into this, but it is painful to take part, so no thanks for me.negative
Speakers sound so monotone and dry that they leave an unenthusiastic impression of an incredibly fascinating subject. Some video lectures and writings are so unnecessarily verbose they cloud what is being taught. Frustratingly fought my way through the lessons and failed to clearly retain what I was trying to learn from Prof. Germano. All apologies to the professor for any harshness, and I MAY try again one day, but not now.negative
The introduction is great. After that it's unbearably boring.negative
Extremely dry, academic style presentation, could use a LOT of work to make it appeal to others in the future. "Lesser" Vehicle is also considered an insult in many circles. Not a good title for a class.negative
Joined this course as I was really interested in understanding meditation itself from a scientific perspective. The monotonous drone of the instructors combined with the super low volume that one has to strain to hear, the extra extra long essays which read like one long chapter less novel, the videos which extend what could've been covered in 5-7 minutes to nearly 30, all take the interest away. Unclear if this was intentional & intended to enable participating students to be more patient and tolerant of imperfections around them.negative
I submitted homework for week 1. I get an email telling me I did not submit. Then week two the course makes references to material not covered in week 1. it looks like a week is missing between week 1 and week 2?negative
My course 3/4 in this specialization is still incomplete because the questions had wrong answers in the module quizzes and it was literally taking HOURS to complete the quizzes because you had to guess which one of the wrong answers would be correct this time. The questions rotate through slightly different questions each attempt so you can't simply use elimination on each attempt, YOU GUESS EVERY SINGLE TIME. IT'S LITERALLY 100% LUCK! I thought maybe course 4/4 would be better but nope, same problems here. I've wasted over 6 hours in total trying to pass these broken tests and I'm completely over it. I also reached out to chat support, they went through and said they couldn't find anything wrong and couldn't help me and a refund was impossible because it's past the refund date. Even though I paid for 2 broken, un-proofread, time wasting courses. Also, in course 4/4, the math tables in the videos are staggered all over the place and looks terrible. Seriously an issue of someone not even looking at the video before publishing, would have taken less than 5 mins to fix for the entire course. Also, every time a "checkpoint" question is supposed to pop up, nothing happens. In every single video, they're all missing. I've used Coursera for a few other courses and thought they were reliable but this makes me think otherwise and I feel like such an idiot for paying $200 for this COMPLETE GARBAGE. Other people in the forums have shown they have the same problem posted over a month ago but nothing. Please, someone from Coursera get a hold of me and help me resolve this ridiculous problem.negative
Nothing much to learn, the videos were rather short. There's no lecture on computing the angles and the full features of the framework. The framework wasn't updated for Swift 3.negative
waste of time and moneynegative
Why there is no "minus one" star? Because one star is way to much for this course. Stay away!negative
In this capstone project, you're given a framework to work with, and asked to create an app with pretty minimal required criteria. The problem is, there's very little instructions or support, so it feels like a classroom where the instructor said "do whatever you want" and walks out of the door. Overall the specialization feels ill-organized and of questionable quality, and there are plenty of negative sentiments in the forums.negative
After the first week, the instructors never showed up to answer a single question in the forums. The capstone project itself was disappointing, I learned much more from doing my own app in class #3.I took the Coursera Android specialization, which was eons better than this. I would not recommend this iOS specialization to anyone. I would never again take a MOOC from U of Toronto.negative
This capstone project was a huge disappointment to me. The course caption stated that this would be where we would use Location, Design and Usability, and Persistence and Settings to build a high quality app. Also stated is that "you’ll apply your skills to create a fully-functioning photo editing app for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch." Earlier I have also read that we would be allowed to build an app of our choice or according to teacher's specification. That text now seems to have been removed.Anyway, none of these promises were kept. Instead we got something like 20 minutes of lectures in total for the whole four weeks, all on a simple framework to track face features. Unfortunately this framework isn't very competent, so there's only so much you can do with it. Most of us have only placed some static images and simple animations on top of the face shown in the camera view, and that is actually enough to get full marks according to the form used in the peer review. How does that even begin to fulfil the promises of the caption?We have paid as much for this course as for the previous three. There should of course be a similar amount of lectures on more advanced topics like current best practises for UI design, the Location API which was promised, and other interesting things that provide the building blocks for a state of the art iOS app. For a real cornerstone project, I expect that more than 4 weeks would be necessary in order to be able to build a good app, since many of us are doing this on our spare time.I feel sad that I had the misfortune of signing up for this course before it was made, but hope that you will take our collective criticism and make a good course out of this for future students.negative
The capstone project had nothing to do with the previous three courses.negative
If I could, I would rate it 0/5 stars.Do not, I repeat, DO NOT pay and enroll this course. And you will be disappointed if you do. There, now you have been warned.This part of the specialization has been put together in a haste, without effort and absolutely without any care of teaching. I'm completely shocked and disappointed.In other words:It is a complete joke and a sad excuse for a MOOC. Shame on you University of Toronto!Yes, harsh words, and here's why:The course description does not reflect the contents nor the final assignment. Face tracking? That's pretty far from what I expected from this when I paid $284 for the specialization.In total, there is only 25minutes of video lectures. Really? That's it? It's way too little for a capstone project course.Staff does not care about learners's concerns. Zero effort to respond in the discussion forums. It takes days before there is any response at all.The assignment descriptions and requirements are sparse and vague. Why are we doing face tracking when the description talks about location apis and "putting it all together"?negative
The course has been released way too early, clearly it lacks most of its content and what does exist isn't working properly either.negative
Course material is very poor and did not give much support for doing assignments.negative
Too simple, no programming, just theory.negative
I don't feel this course is always very clear. I Feel that I usually am missing the big picture. I follow it in details, but the pace does not match in terms of how you can view the big picture of it.negative
The course content was not very appealing. Explanations were not that engaging. What I really missed was the actual practical aspect where you don't work with command prompt but an much more user friendly interface that is more up to date with current standards.negative
Too high level. Last assignment too ambiguous, peer assessment was completely random and not reliable to pass the course.negative
The course a materials are interesting and with significant value, same comment on the teachers, this would be perfect if the third party(the VM) is working fine, I can't say I'm happy about the course where the frustration is probably the right word describing my feeling right now, wish me luck for this week, I might pass might not ......negative
I wish the courses are more project oriented. This is a very good introduction but, atleast you could provide some optional projects or some tasks.negative
As a manager in an IT consultancy, I can't justify sending my personnel through this course, even at $69 per course. The amount of information gained is very thin and does not move one toward being productive.negative
Poorly designed assignment on data modeling did little to expand my knowledge on the topic. Which is a shame since the individual lectures were well done and very interesting. The "Pink Flamingo" peer-peer-reveiwed exercise needs to go.negative
The last peer review is really hard to do. Hard is because the wording is very ambiguous and not all understand how to review. There was a guy who answered with SQL query. This is hardcore since we have not learned that yet...negative
Not worth your time or money.negative
Very basic, the 'hands on' exercises are not very hands on and do not actually add much valuenegative
hard to follow not because it is difficult, but the lecture is only slides, texts, reading slides, very boring and not so many hand-on instruction. only thing i remember is the instructor's face after finish this class. Dont know why you add this into such a good specialist.negative
A lot of the lecture material is unclear and does not fit with the content I've learned from other BI books, lectures, and experience. Additionally, the quizzes don't seem to test for real-world BI knowledge, rather they test for the ability to interpret the instructors fairly unique views on some BI topics. Furthermore, the additional readings need to be culled significantly, it looks like someone just googled BI topics and then copy and pasted the links they found. Please prioritize the additional readings highest value to lowest value and then post only the 4 to 7 reading that rank the highest. A pairwise comparison process may be useful when doing this.negative
Basically just a product demo and the lecturer was very hard to comprehend.negative
Compared to the other Coursera course I attended ,this one is by far the least useful one. The instructor is super brief and his slides are mostly made of a list of acronyms!I would not recommend it until they make some serious changes to the content and presentation of material.negative
lecture too focus on the theory that not very useful on business world. The BI tool "microStrategy" used in the homework is too slow and crash from time to time.negative
The material and the lecture is not so engaging.negative
Some lectures are just right for the public in general but most of them seem to be built from common sense, there´s where I wonder if the American people are so unliterate on food issues. The quality of the visual material is also variable, I am sure that including animation of more appealing graphics would be helpful to engage more people into the course; another challenge would be to prepare more challenging content.negative
Was expecting a deeper unsdersting and knowledge of child nutrition and its impact in the health of little ones... too general.negative
First, I would like to say that with the exception of ONE exam, I was able to take all the tests WITHOUT WATCHING THE VIDEOS. That shows that this is a poorly put together course. Secondly, this course did NOT cover CHILD NUTRITION, it covered general nutrition. There was nothing helpful in regards to meal planning with children (although there was useful information in the Lunch Packing Video.) Although it claims the project at the end of the course is optional, it will not let me complete the course without doing the project. I find that extremely frustrating. This course offered a lot of great information (even if it was a weird combo of factual/opinionated) I was frustrated by the fact that this course is OBVIOUSLY geared towards the upper middle class/rich instead of the the everyday blue-collar family. I will do the project to complete the course but was very disappointed in my first course through Coursera.negative
If you aren't familiar with cooking and nutrition this course is a good fit. However, if you have a bit of background in healthy eating, you may not get as much out of this course.negative
The course is very basic, videos contain a lot of repetitions and quiz questions are too easy (in addition, I believe that there are too much negative questions). I believe that this course should be called an Introduction to the basics of Nutrition and it's only for complete newbies. There are no insights in specifics of child nutrition besides general concepts of balanced diet and some tips how to make your kids be more enthusiastic in eating vegetables.negative
dunno wwhat's the point of making two separate courses with different names.. the content are fundamentally the same.negative
Changed my mind after watching the cooking. The course on nutrition is just "ok" but the teacher has a very skewed idea about what "healthy cooking" really is and fails to present with reasons for her recipe choices.Anyway I stopped watching the course, again, the nutritional part is fairly good but if you choose to continue the course at least make sure you keep searching for other points of view as well.Best of luck.negative
Too basic and too focused on 'farmers market' thinking.negative
I am really disappointed with the content of this course. If what you're looking for is the most basic of information on making better choices and remembering to wash your cutting board after handling raw meat, maybe this course is for you. If, however, you come to this course wanting specific information about how to build great meals for babies, toddlers, and young children, or you'd like to know how their needs change over time, this course is not for you. I was hoping for information like how to teach your toddler to chew/eat difficult things (ex: whole apples). I wanted to know at what age/weight you switch to 2% milk. I wanted to know how many calories a meal should be based on height and weight and how that changes over time. I wanted to know medically verified tips on getting the right amount of each nutrient into a toddler's diet and what, if any, extra vitamins should be added. I wanted tips on weaning if you're still nursing a toddler... I guess I just wanted more.In addition, the quizzes are so easy as to be silly. Actual quiz question and correct answer: Which is NOT a good way to approach grocery shopping if healthy choices are desired? Answer: Visit the supermarket hungry and walk through the candy aisle first. COME ON! Did I need a Stanford University course to tell me that one?!?!?While the instructor is knowledgeable, this course is geared toward someone with NO knowledge, not someone who wants to gain a deeper understanding. The videos are painfully slow (am I waiting for a doodle here???) and I could read the entire course worth of transcripts in under a half hour rather than go through all of the videos. And the recipes... good god! I don't think that someone interested in learning more about child nutrition is needing a slow tutorial on how to make basic oatmeal on the stove top. If she'd upped the game- showed basics and then talked about the benefits of adding, say, chia seeds, different fruits, flax, etc. and how best to make a basic bowl of oatmeal into a complete breakfast, that would have been a useful topic.I'm just hugely disappointed. This course is best suited to perhaps a health department; not to someone seeking college level information about a topic that matters to their children's lives.negative
Not very good nor scientificnegative
I only took this Course because I was forced too and I don't think it matters what you eat it's just how much you eat. You also don't need to eat lots of Vegetables and Fruit to be a Health person just saying .Plus this course is boring as hellnegative
It was too simple for my taste and not very fullfilling science wisenegative
Worst course ever. I stopped partway through. Too many links to outside stuff. Tests/quizes were not based on what was presented in the lessons. Test design is horrible, too many negative questions. Glances over the good true information about nutrition to tell us about free range farms, farmers markets, etc., which most people do not have access to or can not afford.Giving it 1 star is being nicePeople who sponsored it should get their money back.negative
I found it very basic. There were lots of repetition. I was expecting something more in-depth. Loved the graphics though.negative
Condescending, not backed up with evidence and preachy. Somewhere in there are some good ideas for making healthy food for kids but given I'm probably of similar politics to what they're pushing and I found it obnoxious I think they're alienating a lot of people. Must do better.negative
"much better than the data science with R concentration provided also by John Hopkins. This course has concrete examples, and the lecturer doesn't treat his audience like the first-grade kids." I take this back. The lecturer doesn't know what he's taking about and what he is gonna talk about for at least half of the time.negative
The concepts are good but the delivery is quite dry. Very hard to pass the quizes, as there are no analogies or examples in the videos - just theory. I did not enjoy this course as much as I did the first two in the programme.negative
This course was a complete joke. Many practice quiz questions and even test questions had wrong answers marked as right so you had to re-write test over and over until you guessed which one of the wrong answers was right. Also, there was a theme of lazily worded questions and answers throughout the entire course. There is always a way to write in non ambiguous ways, it just takes some effort. Very frustrating to decipher the lazily worded questions. Someone should have proof read this course. I feel like an idiot for paying for it.negative
It is hard to be constructive when you do have something brilliant to compare with.The very first thing to say is that the course is presented through poorly drawn cartoons for 5-year-olds and ineffective lecture videos with little or no eye contact with the instructors. The presentations are filled with strange icons and drawings appearing every here and there, making not much of a professional impression.After watching videos, in just about 5 minutes after the lecture is over, the retained information was always going to zero. Sometimes I had to rewind the video to retrieve the points they were trying to make. Or maybe I just didn't want to listen to them. But it seems impossible due to the fact I am interested, and I do finish every course on Business writing I run into. Always with 100% final grade.The overall demeanor is not as professional as it has to be. I recommend the designers to watch "Write Professional Emails" with Gerry Landers by Georgia Tech and "Teach English Now!" with Dr. Shane Dixon by Arizona State University. I do not normally remember the instructors' names, except for brilliant ones. I do not remember the ones of this course.I do hope my criticism will eventually lead to a better experience for your students. I apologize if I was overly direct and wordy.Regards,Rafaelnegative
Good for someone who has no idea of anything about calculusnegative
The course content is okay and covers the basics well enough. However, the assignments are structured for memorization not learning and contribute little to the experience. I decided to cancel my subscription as there are better options on EdX and other Coursera courses.negative
Presenter is very bad lecturer. She seems to be reading (badly) from a tele prompt, rather than lecturing. The quality of the slides is very poor. Not the level of a reputable University.negative
In my opinion, a very basic course...negative
I cannot complete the course due to installations problem of the software required even if I have all the requirements needed on my laptop.negative
It covers theoretical part of "What big data is" and basic info about Hadoop. Quality of presentation slides is below average. Most of them are not readable - many fonts, many colors, some with complicated pictures, some with no information at all. Part with Map reduce is just slightly touched, not explained in details, without examples. Practical tasks from hadoop are very easy and they show nothing (just how to navigate over hadoop file system.negative
Quite poor. Just a lot of talk and nothing practical.negative
Last exercise is half the course and took many frustrating hours to install and for me never worked. No support provided by instructors. You are on your own.negative
Too many things I already know and which are quite obvious, when you have some little computer science knowledge, less practical information; the explanations for installing Cloudera etc are insufficient!!!negative
Language is not good, and Lack of Infonegative
Honestly, for the price paid, the value given is quite low. I expected to have more hands-on working with the Hadoop ecosystem rather than this course's focus on background that really does not help one to become productive.negative
The course provided almost no value , and there was almost nothing covered that you couldn't find online for free. The presentation was probably the worst part of the course: It was extremely boring and made it hard to get through the videos.I didn't expect much practical parts in the course, but there was even less than what I expected: What was described as setting up a hadoop cluster consisted of downloading a preconfigured VM image and running it, and then typing in a couple of commands that were provided to you. Again, nothing of value was added, and quickly going over the FAQ page of any of the products mentioned would be more helpful, faster and a lot more interesting.negative
Less useful than reading an introductory chapter. Being able to reiterate acronyms or idiosyncratic mnemonics does not demonstrate any real understanding of this field. The minimal information provided and low level of the instruction at least clarified that this specialization is not worth pursuing.negative
Very disappointing. Poorly written quizes and presentations. The level of the course is far too basic to be of value, but is required for the specialization. Why not offer an option to test out of basic introduction courses?negative
Most of the course is providing useless statistics, i didn't enjoy it and it's a really basic course.negative
Very basic. All this information of this course can be self taught by Googling and the hands on exercise at the end of the course is a joke. For the $59 price of the course, expected more.negative
Extremely basic intro, not valuable if you have any understanding of the the spacenegative
The content of the course is ok. The main problem is that the way the information is presented. Ilkay Altintas, who is the main lecturer, is a sweet woman, but lecturing from a manuscript is not her strongest side. It is clear that she is reading from a screen while she is looking into the camera. Anyone could do that job, and they should have chosen more of an "news anchor" type of person with better pronunciation and more flow. It's simply very uninspiring and boring to listen to. Also, 59 dollars is far too expensive for such a short course.negative
It´s a requirement to put down a payment to take the quiznegative
Too basic knowledge, not enough information about targeted therapy, everything is explained without going into any detailsnegative
Hello all. I'm glad I took this course successfully. However, I have some notes. As a 4th year medical student, I see that the information is superficial. I finished the course in around 3 weeks, so medical students wouldn't get so much benefit out of the course. I wanted to learn more details, specially in depth about each type of the 5 cancers from the basics to clinical. Secondly, there was no interaction between the students and the doctor supervising the course in the discussion blogs. Thirdly, I believe that the assessment was too easy. I suggest a 60% passing grade with a more challenging assessment. Finally, this is my personal opinion. I enjoyed the course and I would like to see more improvement in the future.negative
the instructor keeps repeating the same information throughout all the lectures. It is not as impactful as I thought it would be. The last straw was her saying that-that was an article.negative
very low quality and not practicalnegative
An mix of general tips on how to write well mixed with some corporate-specific information. Broad overview, but I didn't really learn anything.negative
I couldn't access all of the reading materials and could never finish this course.negative
Very basic. Tricky quiz questions. There seems to be multiple right answers.negative
Extremely basic. Please put that up front in the course description.negative
It is a good brush up course but a lot of it was common sense.negative
This course is not designed well.negative
Very basic, I hoped for a more advanced level.negative
Poor content. Clearly filler material for the specialization. :)negative
I found the video lectures very choppy and difficult to watch.negative
it's to general. I would like to have done some exercises. Great framework without a punchline.negative
Some questions in the quiz for module 2 are unclear and seem unrelated to the course work.negative
The course was very generic and didn't teach that much. Sorry.negative
Not too interesting, but certain things were useful.negative
I must say that the Capstone Project was a good assignment. The issue is that the Peer Reviews were bad. I had to resubmit my assignment due to a student that choose to give me 0's when the other reviewers gave me 5's. There was also a bias to what each reviewer thought the capstone should cover so you had no idea which direction to update your work because the next reviewer may feel that the type of analysis you did was not Necessary.The course needs a specific Rubric and specific methods each person has to use in order to complete the assignment. For example, Must Use the Four Forces Model when evaluating Strategy. This way everyone knows what to expect and what to look for. Otherwise you can get a low grade on a great project because a Classmate thought you should have used another model so he gave you a 1 or 0 when the model you used demonstrated your knowledge.Capstones need to be monitored either by a student or assistant to protect against trolls that don't read your work and give you the lowest score. Otherwise the Course was great and the information was definitely well put together. The Peer Reviews brought my overall grade lower because I didn't get the High Mark I should have.negative
This is a hard subject to teach myself. I found the instruction distracting. I think in attempt to be enthusiastic the instructors frittered away my attention. By terrible coincidence, my computer blew up. Real Life intervened in that and other ways. I will continue to try to learn calculus, but this didn't work for me.negative
The instructor does a very poor job of explaining the material.negative
It is impossible to input solutions to quizzes/exams - even when they are correct, they are graded as wrong - a massive waste of timenegative
This comical man makes me very annoy.negative
you must use the exact format to get the correct answer on problems, or it will be marked wrongthe course is "as is" meaning when there are mistakes in the coursework neither web hosting nor faculty have are available to correct mistakesmoderators are not allowed to correct course content, so what they end up doing is editing your post in the forum. get use to this: "A moderator deleted your post in Calculus One because of spam""Review our forum Code of Conduct to learn more about guidelines for participating in course discussions", but i and others are only posting problem areas, thus rendering the forum discussions uselesssince the moderators only have the power to delete and edit your post, there is a list of content errors for the course that you will need to look at. real smart. i asked to have my grade adjusted, but they deleted that post alsonegative
teacher doesn't teach what is on the quizzes. -_-negative
I think this course is great, I like everything about it, but I can't say the same about the quiz format, it is rigid and non-standardI gave up on the course many times because of thisHow do write Sqrt(5) for instance ? 5x must be 5*x or it is not acceptable.I am sorry, this is pretty badnegative
Not enough material to understand the concepts.negative
Really frustrating method of teaching. Class is incredibly slow and does way, way too much simple addition, subtraction, and multiplication to prove extremely basic points for a calculus course.negative
It was too advanced for menegative
This course is not good in giving lessons with examples that will help a with studying for the quizzes.negative
Did not go over determining a point on a graph of g from two functions but had it on the first quiznegative
Nothing is making sense. None of the videos are related to the quiz. None of the examples are remotely related to the quiz to even give you a suggestion on how to solve them.negative
A total waste of time -- not challenging at all in any aspect. It was quite funny that many word problems were identical with only some parameters changing :) Buckeyes... please, try harder next time :)negative
Lot of typos and glitches, as well as typing in equations being really difficultnegative
get new material - new videos these videos for all your classes are years old - the quizes dont relate to the material taught and it seems you guys got this set up years ago and just forgot about itnegative
The excercises should be set up to be more comfortable.negative
This course is not precisely bad, but it's very lacking compared to the other courses in the specialization. Here are my complaints:-Much of the more interesting bits say "check out this other course in bioinformatics for details". Of course, if you aren't registered for that other course, you don't have access to those materials.-Not a lot of thought went into the homeworks. All of them are "implement this. Here is some pseudocode", with no "think about a problem that can be solved with the same ideas", like the other courses in the specialization (which are, in my opinion, much better).-We saw 4 algorithms for string matching (KMP, Rabin-Karp, suffix array matching, Burrow-Wheeler's transform), but virtually no discussion on when to use each one, strengths and weaknesses, and so on. Also, no Boyer-Moore?-After passing all test cases for a homework, we should be able to download a solution with the correct implementation, in order to improve our own.negative
It's better to watch the Youtube videos to understand the concepts.negative
Test errors, no answers from staff on forums, poor narration at times, audio scripts that do not quite correspond to what is being said... It needs careful reviewing and more user-friendly features being introduced by the organisers.negative
Very disappointing course. Far too much repetition. A lot of opinion based on scant evidence. It would have been much better as a 30 minute video without all the fluff and unsubstantiated inferences. I would not recommend this course.negative
The last assignment is a time-waster and really poorly designed. Not all adults are into coloring; this is not elementary school and what's the point of coloring a picture of the Arch for you? Frankly I can't be bothered to look up sources for the descriptions of Roman soldiers' attire, and especially to figure what each number is pointing to. It wasn't even always clear what the numbers on the template referred to and two of the numbers were missing. In addition, there were a lot of glitches with the grading software. Finally our questions were almost never answered. Otherwise I found this to be an interesting course and I learned quite a bit from it, although it could have been condensed into three or four classes at the very most. The video lectures were videotaped a bit strangely, with Professor Fine often seeming to talk to an invisible person on the right or the left of the camera, instead of at the viewer. The videos I liked were mostly the office hours ones and the one with the interview with Rabbi Elliot Cosgrove at Park Avenue Synagogue. I could have gotten a very good grade on this course, but the last assignment ruined that. No, I will not be recommending this course or any others by this Professor.negative
Too many generalities and roundabouts and little real detail.negative
This course is badly structured, with proposed tasks not being well oriented, and videos where teachers are constantly doubting and making mistakes. Not really happy with it.negative
There are serious issues in the IT infrastructure for this Online Course. Coursera needs to upgrade their IT infrastructure for it to be real time. You may go through the threads in Help for more information and issues posted by other users.Apart from this, it is extremely difficult to communicate with someone in Coursera regarding anything and in any form, i.e email, live chat, etc.negative
The first courses are great.Unfortunately, the course that covered the installation (week 2 - "create your first basic application with android studio") got me lost.negative
I am very sorry to say that the course is very poor in english (speaking), too bad you do not teach the course in french this could be useful for a lots of french speaking students and better for the quality of the course.negative
The instructor's explanation is not orderly nor structured, and with a lot of 'noises'.negative
i was very excited at the beginning of the coursebut when i figure out that i must paid for unlock some important lecturei really felt disappointed i thought i should only paid if i want to took the Certificatei had been wasted some time at this coursenow i have to search for another course but complete one this time.negative
Poor material, terrible french accent, not a good Android course at all.I don't raccoment it unless you're a total novice at Android development.negative
Explanation of concept was poornegative
The course if well-organized and the instructors do a very good job. However, three weeks of slides and theory and then only the last two weeks of seeing code hardly makes the course project-centered in my mind. Also, requiring learners to upgrade to run an autograder on a quiz is ridiculous!negative
The free version of the course is far more restricted than other courses I've taken, the content wasn't brilliant, and it wasn't really more advanced than other tutorials with far better presenters which can be found online for freenegative
I thought it was free. I might was well go to Google to learn Android development.negative
You really need prior coding experience to understand the training. I also was very disappointed in the teaching. We have an incredible opportunity to improve education, and I feel that this course is merely an extension of current learning techniques. It was extremely difficult for me to fully participate without paying. I was using this course to make a specific android app to control my wheelchair. I act as an analyst for my programmer husband. So I fully understand code architecture, but absolutely hate coding by hand. This course glossed over coding however it is far more code intensive then I was led to believe.negative
This is real boring I just learned thatnegative
not exciting, instructor too stiff and looked like reading a papernegative
Can't finish even week 1 if you don't paynegative
It uses mixed material from other platforms meant for pure Python programming learning, jumps between sections in the external platform going forward and back so its pretty confusing to find problems involving content that you have no chance to know if you do not have previous experience with python. I would not recommend this course for beginners in programming.negative
Very badly linked with other websites that provide the actual content. This is more like a click-bait setup than the actual course. I'm not sure why it's even offered on Coursera, other than to make money on a more popular website using the content hosted by less popular one. Very bad experience.negative
Frustrating as hell. Too much math and computer coding.negative
Again a course that comes with very simple (and not always good prepared) video lectures but for recieving a grade an enormous math knowledge is necessary, with no further help givennegative
Too much time required. The first Quiz had almost nothing covered in the video lectures. I saved all transcripts and was unable to answer the questions. The Sim's... I have never seen anything like that and again - it most certainly wasn't covered in the lectures. Disappointed in this course. It took 3 hours for each segment of the first week... not 3 to 4 as was stated. Leaving this course.negative
Didnt find it very interesting because of language interpretation issues. The content was good though!negative
I think the lecture is pretty basic and general compared with the other lectures in the Marketing Mix Implementation course. Many examples were suggested, but I think it would be better if there were more international brands rather than Spanish brands. There were many errors in subtitles. I would appreciate if they were double checked before release.negative
the quality of this course is very low, and the content are not interesting and useful at all.negative
Quizzes kept requiring information that was oddly specific (needing an exact decimal number without multiple choice options), which would have been okay except that it was not covered in the lectures. Ended up dropping course because there is no way to get through the quizzes if the information is not covered.negative
This is a very bad coursenegative
Very poor explanation and very complicated topics.negative
This course is supposed to be the most interesting, and most challenged one of this specialization. However i am quite disappointed with the instructor and the contents he put together. He speaks too fast without much clarity, and worst of all, i can tell most of the time he reads from the scripts without really conveying much knowledge about the contents.negative
I was unhappy with this. It was clear that this course was pulled together from a superset of other material, and that it was not checked for consistency or completeness. The students were tested on their ability to write down a specific phrase from a video rather than on application of the principles learned from utilization of the graph database tools. (Broccoli -- REALLY???)Further, the lack of response to questions posted in the forum indicates a lack of engagement from instructors and / or facilitators.negative
First week of 3 min video. Seriously we want to dive into the subject. And the last two weeks should have more content. Felt like much more copy and paste without understanding why you did that. Understand this should be introduction to Big Data... But the price you pay for the introduction is too expensive.negative
The material on graph analytics was of introductory level. A string of interesting ideas, with unclear explanations. The lesson on GraphX was basically a copy-paste introduction to it's abilities without actually teaching how to use it. The transcripts are full of mistakes. Someone not proficient in English or hard of hearing would be confused by them. It was somewhat difficult to understand the main lecturer. The best part was the explanation of Neo4j - and it was at an introductory level. A disappointment.negative
Too much technical. I would have preferred high level generic concepts. Also, the exercises were quite tricky for a beginner.negative
Not very engaging. Information overflow and poorly delivered lectures where the instructor is just reading from slides. I don't recommend paying for this, it is better to just check out the syllabus and read about this stuff online.Note to instructor: Very simple concepts were explained using overly complicated language. Also, please refrain from over using the word 'essentially'.negative
Course lectures don't seem to match up with the questions on the quiz. It is also not clear if the typed in answers are not read by the program correctly or if the answers do not match what the instructor is looking for, in any case the 3 weeks quiz is very difficult to figure out.negative
The slides are unclear and very very ugly and old style.The assignment is very specific to Linux based machine.Only one programming assignment.More theory than practices.The QCMs don't really help understand. They are just about remembering values.I woudn't recommande this course since it is more like a book then it is like a course.negative
The course is not for beginners and WinForm lovers. This is real re-branding yourself. I would say path to reborn to what real open source world is living in. Low or no help from course instructor, community or google. Course comes in huge amount of concentrated videos. 7 hardest assignments. I would give up on the beginning but commitment is top of all. I respect anyone who has completed.negative
the test is terrible and teacher is just reading the ppt. boringnegative
Can't actually be done as a free course, like others on the site; you have to pay just to get a quiz grade.negative
good course and well presented by both.negative
The Subtitles were bad not in sync with the words of the professor and were wrong in many cases.Delivery of lecture and Visuals of the lecture was Ok.Module 4& 5 were very confusing and not interestingThank You Professor for your time and effortnegative
I cannot take the quizzes, because of money. The other courses let us take the quizzes without paying money. I dislike you paying policy. Please, let us take the tests without money payment.Sincerely,Gariknegative
Okay course. Techniques and content are a bit too traditional.negative
It would be nice to see more detailed explanation instead of reading the lines in slides. Also there is less practical content for real time usagenegative
the content is simple, I think the course is just for watching during the break.negative
Only an introduction which was also not proper.negative
Its very boring. Just someone reading off slides. One could read from a book instead. No examples or explanation to the information on the slides.negative
The touch on a lot of topics, but do not provide nearly enough information to make it worth staying through the course.negative
it is very basic course just giving the introduction to a layman.negative
Presenter is reading the slides. I feel I would have been able to learn as much by just reading the slides.CDN course is a bit more visual, with some maps and charts used during the coursenegative
very pedantic. course teacher just repeats the information on the slides verbatim. an interesting subject is made quite dull. would request more emphasis be put on presentation skills as the course material seems ok for a refreshernegative
The way the content is delivered is not interesting. And the lecturer basically is reading from the power pointnegative
Poor context, no real examples. The guy just reads what is written on the slides without further explanations.negative
very high level syllabuses, limited application description of BD, poor quiz and questions designednegative
It's almost desk work, not practical.negative
The contents of PPTs are just read out in the video lectures. It's as good as providing only the PPTs.negative
nice teacher but the course is too succint.Each lecture is very short and theoritical with little visual content. the course could/should be more detailed and a section of the course should relate to backyard chicken farming as well. i wish there also had been a section on how to recognise different illnesses in chickens and demonstration on how to humanely kill a chicken for example.I enjoyed the course for what it was but i wish it had been taught with far more depth and breadthnegative
The information is not presented well and the math is not always taught.negative
Poor lectures, inaccurate and incomplete information. Narrative about changing colors is reminiscent of Sal Khan. I just can't listen to any more of this.negative
Redundant, poor explanations and a complete lack of examples about the general concepts and the foundations of this discipline. The interaction between the teacher and the slides is limited to a reading exercise that does not provide any add value at all. Very dissapointed and still wondering if this course is worth my attention -and extremely limited time- or not. Plenty of room for improvement.negative
I have sat through 4 of the lessons and I am not very impressed. I fell that the topic is very interesting, but the professor does not do a very good job explaining the algorithms. It may be because I do no have the textbook, but overall a rather poor course. There need to be a little more explanation beyond the slides.negative
too theoretical without enough practical quiz and assignmentnegative
Just read the slide., The presentations add very little since the presenter is (stumbling) over just reading the text on the slides.negative
This seemed more appropriate for a startup, and most of the content was rudimentarynegative
The explanation of roles is clear. So are other remarkt / piffalls / do's and don'ts. But those are valid for all specialist functionsCouple of remarks:(1) The target audience seems to be the data manager, rather than any executive (C/ C-1 level) of function (HR) dealing with building a data science team.(2) With regard to management and organizing, I missed the "academic" level (organisational design) nor did it help in setting up data science (where / how to start ?).negative
I'm not sure if the material presented in this course warranted a whole separate course (even if it only was one week). It probably could have been inserted in various segments of a larger data science specialization throughout the classes. Most of the topics discussed should be common knowledge to a mid-level manager of data science or even strategic marketing in general.negative
Rudimentary HR / new supervisor level information. Not specific to Data Science either.negative
This material is important, but the assessment quizzes were tedious as the right answer often hung on some small obscure remark that was hard to recall.negative
In my opinion this course does not fit to the specialization well. Not sure how big proportion of the specialization students have a background different from data science and are going to manage the data science team.negative
information is useful. But, still, it is a shame to split one month course to 4.negative
Sometimes hard to understand the speakers.The medical knowledge is also assumed to be relatively high, with no references to some of the terminology and background reading material that can bring one up to speed.negative
This course deserves no starts. There were no instructors answering the many questions raised by the students. There were no explanations for wrong answers, and so no opportunity to learn. I was helping other students understand the assignments, and spent extra time grading submissions as no teaching assistants were available to help.There were a couple of very good teachers in the specialization, however the structure is critically flawed and your time would be better spent studying on your own.Avoid not just the capstone, but this entire series.negative
The capstone, just like the courses of the specialization are a strong illustration of the problems of higher ed.negative
Bad course. Things mentioned by the instructors are naive. According to my knowledge (my knowledge about Chinese philosophy come from A History of Chinese Philosophy, Youlan Feng; History of Chinese Philosophy, Sze-kwang Lao), that is not Chinese philosophy at all.negative
Some profs are very good, some are terrible. The terrible ones need to improve their teaching skills and even language skills. As a native Chinese speaker, I find some of the lectures very boring.Good lectures are clear, concise, and right to the point.Good teachers make the learning experience effortless and fun, poor teachers make it like a torture.negative
Really far from the courses by NTU...quite disappointed.negative
I think this course has very interesting information but it needs a way better format. It needs agile presentations, better, infographics, graphics and design and to be much more flexible and fun.I have not finished it but it does not make me get involved in the content even it is very interesting.It needs a better script and handling of the information to be able to conect with new students.negative
Very disappointed with the information provided. I went through the second week, completing all assignments and quizzes, but did not learn anything new. Most of the information provided is common knowledge anymore. I was also a little put off by the frequent self promotions by the instructor, in reference to his treatment center, organizations and book. I am withdrawing from the class.negative
Although very interesting and very innovative in its presentation I had the feeling this course was an introduction to the Master program at the UNIGE, rather than a stand alone course. At times it was difficult to comprehend the speakers. I would have preferred deepening of one aspect of this topic rather than such a broad approach.negative
The content of the course so far is interesting - and to be fair, I've only completed the first week of this course.Unfortunately, the combination of multiple lecturers within one part of a lesson (often with highly varying accents, reading verbatim from lecture notes) makes the presentation of the course material come off as very stiff, over-directed, and hard to understand. It's hard to adapt to the idiosyncrasies and lecturing style of a new person in a four minute video, at which point you get a whole new lecturer and have to start the process over again.A maximum of two or three lecturers for the entirety of the course (perhaps with the occasional guest speaker) would be helpful. Also, either allowing the them to deliver the course material in their native languages with English subtitles, or perhaps having them record the course material in English in something similar to a classroom environment where they're accustomed to lecturing, would make things infinitely easier to follow.This 'too many cooks in the kitchen' issue is what I also suspect happened with the week one quiz. I do not know who generates the quiz questions but they seemed to require a lot of mental gymnastics for a multiple choice quiz. Perhaps on my end there could be a cultural misunderstanding in how a quiz checks your knowledge of the source material? Let me put it this way: in my previous university studies, I have never taken a multiple choice quiz where the question starts as 'In your opinion...'Sadly, I will probably drop this class - but the course has sparked enough of an interest where I will probably be picking up some books or doing some informal research on my own about this topic.negative
It absolutely amazing course , I personally benefit a lot. really it's not just the certificate .Thank you Coursera for this huge chance.negative
A very slow and dull course. Lost my interest Half way.Probably a course for non-native English speaking students.negative
Very basic stuff. Assignments can be done only in the paid version, but as it's so basic and everything is peer graded for me the course isn't worth the money (compared to other paid language learning classes online or in-person).negative
I learned very little from the course. The tests were easy. But that's because there was little to be learned.negative
very poor. even though for the most part I found the videos engaging, the course's overall structure doesn't help to 'read the novel together', as is stated in the title. the quizes are poorly written, even for me, a native russian speaker, it was often hard to understand the questions, and sometimes its plain guess work on the opinions of the course authors. often a required number of answers to pass a quiz is the same as the total number of questions in that same quiz. the essay's topics rarely correspond with the actual reading of the book. for the very first week the essay required knowledge of the book that hasn't been read yet by the participants. or it should be stated that one needs to read the book prior to taking the course. then again that would require the change of the course's name.negative
bad course .. teaching was poor... assignments were very high level.. but teachings very of low profilenegative
The lectures are unpolished and hard to follow, especially as the captions are inaccurate. The mathematics in the course are not explained clearly.negative
Need a good foundation with knowledge of calculus(integrals), electrical engineering and wave and acoustics. Not just a course to pick up for fun.negative
Lectures have very poor teaching skills.negative
This course offered many interesting ideas about flipping school classrooms, but offered no suggestions about the practical methods to do so. As a teacher, I need to have realistic suggestions about the technology necessary to flip my math class, not a series of testimonials about how great it's going to be once my class is flipped.negative
I did not find that this course added anything to what I already learned. Seems mainly a re-hash of prior material slimly disguising marketing pitch of other Northwestern courses.negative
not as good as the others and way too quicknegative
What I liked: Materials have quality and a professional approach. Speakers add value to the discussion. Toolkit is important.What I didn't like: This course, as most of Northwestern courses, is excessively short in video lectures per module. In this course each module had about 20 to 30 minutes of videos per module. That is clearly insufficient. Most courses in Wharton's, U. Michigan's and Illinoi's specializations in Coursera, have more video materials per module, than your courses in totality... 1.5 to 3 hours per module in the three institutions mentioned in average per module against about 2 hours of videos on all your course modules combined. That is a serious and very salient gap, that I think you should reflect on. In my opinion, quality MOOC's either singular courses, either specializations have to be very well balanced in content - both in quality and quantity. Your courses have very reasonable quality, but fails completely in quantity. As competition in the online e-learning domain increases at an impressive speed, you should benchmark what I mentioned above and do something about it, or probably after 2/3 runs of your courses, people with churn for more addedd value offerings in the dimensions that I pointed out.Good luck.negative
While course uses a genie method for presentation the content, Quizzes are just made to accomplish one goal: to make sure you have memorized every small detail haven said in the course. Even if someone memorizes the details like specific names and dates, for how long he/she is going to keep it in mind? 2 days? On week?negative
The structure of the lectures is not really effective.negative
I founded so basic, I didn't feel engaged to continued.negative
Great idea but unprofessional design and programming.Looks like nobody double-checked it before starts to offer it, especially for money.Almost every Quiz and separate questions has programming bugs.Waiting for ver 2 ASAP.negative
I would not recommend this course because the video lessons are quite poor. The teacher mostly reads notes from his iPad without a proper presentation or some kind of text.negative
The course covers very useful and interesting topics, not in very much detail though. It is useful to begin with the topics, but it is really not more that a thin introduction.negative
Lots of theoretical information but very little practical information about what to do with people with Autism Spectrum Disordernegative
Aimed at those needing to get services -- in a spectrum of family living. Too much on California systems, not enough on direct coping with day-to-day.negative
Lightweight and marginally informative. While it is clearly aimed at a lay audience, a deeper presentation of the scientific foundations of the disorder is sorely needed. If you're interested in the etiology of autism, you'll need to look elsewhere.negative
Short, superficial, and sometimes even condescending towards people with ASD.negative
I found it very easy. But if you do not know anything about Autism, I think you might would contribute from it.negative
This course is informative and introductory. It has a value in generating a general awareness about ASD. It would be useful for parents and learners who are new to disability issues. The content can be used for introducing and familiarizing with clinical practice with ASD. But this course has the limitation on following grounds1. The contents of the course are coloured with medical perspective and with pathological view point2. At some point this course appeared like an advertisement for the institute and its research work3. This course tried to cover too many things like theory, practice, research, experience and so on. But at the end it failed to do justice all4. Finally the contents are infected with virus of medicine, market and military science. Terms such as intervention, package, therapy so many terminology. The unfaithful use of "social" in few instance look like an altruism to social science by dominant discipline.I am sure that this course has market. Evidence based research/ practice will corroborate it. Best wishesnegative
I was really, really hoping that this course would be educational. I personally work with an individual with AS and I excepted to have a better insight into some of the things he goes through. So far, however, I have found many of the lectures condescending. As a person with a disability I find it highly offensive when people speak like they're doing the person with whatever kind of disability a favor for even helping them. People with disabilities are just that, people.negative
the videos are too longassignments are difficultand dr asfahani is not like dr larryi loved dr larry much moredr asfahani is not interesting in his presentations at allnegative
Good material, fair presentation, too many peer evaluations.negative
Lots of overlap in the videos, not a lot of information on C++ features, too few hands-on activities with the features taught.negative
Peer to peer assignments are really slow and due time dependent.negative
Very poorly designed course material. Everything has been split up.negative
Instructor speaks too slow and sometimes hardly audible with my earphones plugged in with 100% sound. Incredibly slow paced. Coffee must!!! Too much of story and history and introduction. Much less material presented for concepts shown. Much of the lecture time is wasted on things which does not matter, for example Djikstra shortest path... I would be more interested to know about the algorithm than a huge lecture on who is Djikstra, and also would like to have some exercise to implement the same and realise. Very unsatisfied with the course. But there is no other courses offered for C++ programming language in English Language. Not worth the time.negative
- Assumptions about the student are not clear, before starting the course.Instructor examples are not practical in all contexts.Jump to dijkstra in very second week, without clarity on major C++ concepts and examples, is too much an expectation from the student switching from C to C++ for the first time.Confusion with deadline for assignments.too many lectures during later week courses, as if the effort is to crunch everything in that week and complete the course.If its spaced properly with examples and problems over few more weeks, it would help.negative
I am highly disappointed with the policy of providing the homework only to the paid participants. It seems this is gearing towards another means of making bussiness when it comes to education.I understand that grading and providing feedback requires effort and the fees charged is required to the cover those cost, but like before we must have an option to get access to the homework, allowing us to apply our learning while it maybe be acceptable not to have any feedback or certificate on the course completion.Currently, the closed homework policy goes against the basic objectives of MOOC and I hope it is reconsidered.negative
The instructor speaks too slow. Teaching concepts that are not valid anymore. e.g. prefer inline over function call, const vs #define, declaring variable anywhere in the code etc...The topics are too small and too much time is devoted to them.negative
I've already written a review for part 1 and I have the same opinion about this one. The course is rather poor and not challenging. Only general information about relevant topics that as well read on wikipedia. No exercises, no code assignments. A lot of this content was repeated from first two parts of this specialization.negative
Quizzes are trivial. Makes the certification worthless.Prof. Campbell is not a good lecturer.The topics are treated mostly superficially, then suddenly go into too much detail sometimes (how to use IntelliJ IDEA, machine learning).Subtitles are very buggy.I enjoyed Mr. Farivar's talks much more, it seems like he knows what he is talking about and his presentations are well structured.negative
The course brings lots of information, but the assessments are not at all creative, so it becomes a lot of theory with little practice.El curso trae mucha información, pero las actividades no son ní un poco creativas. Entonces se converte en mucha teoria con poca practica.negative
Needed of specific information to now how to be more creative in schools as profesionalesnegative
I had a very poor experience being graded by peers. Although the Capstone Project Assignment itself is EXCELLENT, the peer grading rubric is not. I was not fairly graded, and I am sure of this 100%.negative
the lessons were too long in duration and i was really bored because the teaching didn't have anything engaging me to be more eager to listen and all the slides were with the same background and design and there were no pictures or animation or fun stuff to create some kind of diversity in the progress of the course.negative
Not very much in depth and does not offer complete lecture notes, which are necessary for answering the quizzes...negative
I get lost a bit too often.The teacher sometimes explains easy concepts and omits the difficult ones (e.g. exponential distribution is explained as "for example if you are waiting for a bus that comes every ten minutes" and then he tells you how to compute expected value and moves on, but he does not say WHAT IT MEANS - is it the probability that I will meet an oncoming bus? is it probability of waiting ten minutes for the bus? is it the average waiting time? is it average number of buses that come every hour? - but there is detailed explanation of what A squared means in lesson two (!))The teacher often makes me confused as to where he got the numbers he is plugging in the formula or what answer the formula gives.But I take it as a challenge and I intend to finish the course despite all of that. Sometimes it is fun to decipher the mystic equations. And maybe it is me, maybe I was not born to be a statistician. Maybe there are people that find this stuff easy and understand it right away.I really like the quizes. They are HARD.One last thing: Wearing white shirt and using white marker makes it impossible to read what he writes. But I take it is part of the challenge ;-)negative
If you already know everything about the topic and just forgot some little things or you are very strong in calculus, this may be a nice refresher. Otherwise, not very useful. Really dense and little explanation. I liked the Youtube MIT course on Probability (it includes Bayesian Statistics) much more, since it has good explanation of the concepts.negative
Some matters were just given formulas and there was a lack of practice. The course should cover less materials or be longer to be effective in teaching.negative
I have studied some Bayesian Statistics before. I feel like the materials itself is not sufficient for entry level, and will actually confuse some of the learners. Anyway, this is just my two cents. :)negative
No TA, staff or instructor presence during the whole course. Students are left to their own devices.negative
This is the rating for the whole specialization.1) Some course are nice and well done, but probably only 2-3 of the 9 (The entrepreneur one is really well done). But most of them are simply useless.2) It's too long. For the same amount of knowledge, I could have done just 3 WELL DONE courses.3) Most of courses are just things people read in front of a screen, without any passion or interest. And the concept are so easy I am wandering if they need to be teached at all.4) The exam are just sloppy. Even a monkey that didn't watch the video could answer them (sometimes I try to do the same and it works. If I already know what you will ask me, which kind of knowledge are you supposed to teach me?),5) About this project, the instructions are messed up.In the end, I finish it because it was my first specialization, and I was lucky enough to do the interesting one at the beginning, so I feel compelled to end it, but really, I am not sure It was worth my time.negative
Complete garbage...items not really presented in relevant details with respect to standard industry practices. What you will learn here is not how things are done on the job.negative
It seems like the team have tried to do the whole course in one take! Perhaps some practice would have been in order? at least to work out what they are going to say next.... content is ok so far but delivery is tough to listen to.negative
Not very applicable -just a bunch of concepts.It feels like a very disorganised course.Paul Harris is extremely repetitive and takes so much time to get to the point. Sometimes he over-explains unnecessary things. His lectures need serious upgrade.Lecturers speak too slow, I have to use the 1.5x speed not to fall asleep.negative
This course was a very disappointing experience since it is designed around depending on peer reviewed assignments that don't get graded. I have been waiting for over 3 months for the 1st assignment to get regraded.In the future I suggest the creators of this course stay away from peer graded assignment as it puts students in a position where their grade depends on others and not the knowledge the student acquires from the course content.negative
I do not recommend this course. It did not fill my expectations. I am not able to create application for mobile phone after finishing it.First 4 modules were somehow useful but since module 5 onward it is just waste of time, I did not learn anything useful, I did not learn how to code. Advices for sources were very shallow and it was not shown how to work with them. I could gain same information with basic search engine request.The teacher is nice and willing to give information to students. But unfortunatelly he did not prepare for recordings of videos. His speeches lacked structure and focus. Very often he was lost in talking and he often re-explained (in detail) staff which was already explained in previous videos. This caused that videos were too long considering the amount of knowledge that was provided to students and watching them was waste of time.The course was shallow, information did not go deep. Students participation was not supported (nor required) after 1 module.negative
Interesting concept.However, in my opinion, there is sometimes a lack of :- practice especially for the coding part (entire courses are exclusively theoretical)- explanations (during the courses, I have heard several times this sentence : "don't ask me why", which is disappointing in my learner experience and frustrating not to get the answers I was expecting.)- subject mastering (the "teacher" seems to be lost sometimes and admits not being able to explain some parts of the course, which may confuse and demotivate learners not knowing exactly what they are being teached and how it works.Moreover, in the courses covering database subject, security issues are involved. Example week 6 - c video how to send a ROAR from the app to the internet)negative
This Course is very easy to learn, all it's themes are so good explained.I'm sorry but I might to change the RATE of this course.All went well until the course started reading the explanation of code , after that ... I lost , and I could not continue , because It just came out of nowhere , coding , there wasn't a previous step that says , we will encode here , or are we going to do this somewhere ... just appeared and disappeared as it appeared ... ... we were very well ... but I can not say much more !negative
I can't understand why this guy is trying to teach me if he doesn't know how to code?!negative
I think that it would be a good idea to improve the grader, release more informative assignment information (take a look at the Algorithms course for example) and lecture materials in pdf format.negative
Lectures were extremely good, but assignments and graders were very low quality and difficult to decipher requirements from. Professors and TAs were not active in the forums.negative
Inattentive lectures. There're only a few videos that are worth watching. You need to be prepared for wasting a lot of time for programming assignments -- it's not because the assignments are tough but because of poor descriptions and out of sync with lectures. If you're interested, just download the online material (not videos) and read through it. Much better than wasting your time with the lecture videos and assignments.negative
Week three quiz is real bad. I suggest you give it a try and see for yourself.negative
Taking this course in January/ February 2017, I found it to be jumbled, out-dated and frustrating.Materials are presented in a chaotic, roundabout way, which is neither chronological nor thematic, leaving huge lacunae. The initial lecture started with an entirely uncontextualised location-visit to Lewes, and mention of the Battle of Lewes in the Barons' War, with plenty of merry jumping over the *rather more important* Magna Carta. In later lectures, there is similar dancing around the English Civil War, which is shocking, given its constitutional importance... and then lots of vague, hand-wavy references to European law. I understand that these lectures were filmed before last summer's shock result in the EU referendum, but - honestly - would it have killed Professor Gearey to have discussed the context and possible implications of the referendum? By contrast, I'm currently following a Futurelearn course which is a repeat iteration of the original material (that's how online courses are viable - I understand that) BUT which the educator cared about enough to updated with topical material from the very week in which we were following it (Week 1 of President Trump)!It would have been far better to have gone into the Common Law course with clear historical anchors (e.g. Magna Carta, Civil War, Great Reform Act, EU membership), which would have given a proper framework for studying the development of common law, through cases and precedent. Instead, we get Professor Gearey sliiiiiiding into half a dozen subjects per lecture and then "leaving that question there for a later lecture."I must mention that other lecturer is much more coherent, and that he talks sensibly through various cases, actually demonstrating how precedent works. However, that's just not enough to make up for Professor Gearey's flibbertigibbet style of exposition, which seems to make up the bulk of the course.On a technical level, the un-corrected transcripts of "lectures" were a huge headache, since they didn't make much more sense than the lectures themselves, and at times made even less sense, due to incorrect transcriptions. It was particularly frustrating to have legal references mis-spelled (e.g. "Blackstone" as "Blackspen"), making it difficult to track down better sources to supplement the lectures.I can't actually be bothered to see this course through to the end, and am very glad I didn't purchase it.negative
No slides or writen support to guide the student.negative
I have found this a deeply frustrating experience. The main lecturer, Professor Adam Gearey, clearly knows his subject well but is a terrible communicator. His lectures are poorly constructed, repetitious and sometimes confusing. He seems at times to be delivering the lecture as a stream of consciousness rather than a properly prepared lecture: as a result he sometimes misspeaks himself, for example saying that murder trials are conducted in the High Court rather than the Crown Court, and these errors have not been picked up and corrected. I am forced to wonder whether anybody in the University of London team bothered to quality check these videos. These problems are compounded by the uncorrected subtitles and 'transcripts' of the lectures, obviously done by somebody with no understanding of the subject. It is also frustrating that when I raised these concerns in the weekly discussion forum, I received replies from a volunteer moderator which were so badly written as to be almost unintelligible. This moderator made no attempt to enter into constructive discussion, but told me that 'you cannot say our professor is wrong because you disagree with him' and that I should 'read the sentence properly': in other words, no criticism, however constructive, can be tolerated. Even some of the questions in the quizzes are carelessly constructed: for example, the 'correct' answer to q8 in the final quiz uses the word 'allowed' (which implies an element of discretion) instead of 'required', which would have properly reflected the provision in question (s.6 HRA 1998 - 'the authority could not have acted differently' ). All in all, the presentation of this course falls far short of the academic standards I expected from a university with London's reputation.negative
Unnecessary video segment at the start of each lecture is annoying and a total waste of time. The content of the course lacks in substance compared to the "An Introduction to American Law" course. So much time spent on European effect on British law: this is not a course for lawyers, I would presume, but supposed to be an introduction.negative
Really badly organised. Course lectures are interesting however end of section quizes have no relevance to the material taught. There are no external links or additional relevant material attached to even link the question to the lessons taught.negative
All talking, don't even have slides to assist with the presentation of materials, also seemed to have focused too much on the European Union/Convention instead of the Common Law itself.negative
thanks it just needs more timenegative
Cheesy. If you mess up in your delivery, press the little button and start over! Needs some judicious editing.negative
I did not meet my expectations from the coursenegative
Margaret Meloni was constantly looking down to read directly from a poorly-rehearsed script while trying to stumble through phrasing and lecture points. Considering this is a course about communication, this was very disappointing. The quizzes were vague and either didn't have clear correct answers or didn't feel applicable to the module to which it was assigned. After reviewing the material, I had to complete the quizzes by trial-and-error since the answers were not reflected in the lectures.negative
Overly-remedial information, but that is not what earns this course such a poor evaluation from me. The poor evaluation comes from the composition of the review quizzes: The end-of-section quizzes ask questions to which there can be more than one correct answer, yet only a single response will receive credit.Example: "A recommended solution to a problem is valued by an executive because..." Followed by four possible answers: One of which is clearly incorrect while one makes an awful assumption. These two choices can be eliminated easily. However, the final two options are BOTH UNARGUABLY CORRECT, but only one was briefly mentioned in the material (reading or video), and thus only that one receives credit.Unfortunately, this demonstrates the course creators' desire to value a student's memorization of the instructor's own unique words over the student's assimilation of the course content and ideas.Course-takers beware, this course seems more tailored to stroking Ms. Bravo's ego than to you actually learning anything of commercial value.negative
I thought it was going to be good. Did the first week videos and Lectures. But I feel cheated because it will not let me take the quiz to move on without paying for the course. No where did I ever see anything that said ahead you had to pay -- if you didn't want a certificate or to do the whole specialization. Coursera used to be a platform I used and recommended. No more.negative
The idea of having support with the videos does not work with this course. Also, the exams do not match at all with the information provided. The anwers to the exams are so relative or subjective, and that's a problem for those who does not domain English very well, just like me.negative
Way too much reading material. Not enough video lectures/ explanations. The professor also needs to speak a little slower for people to follow.negative
A lot of reading material is unavailable (link does not work or it is behind paywall).I also found the videos lacking. For example, there were 5 important tips and only one was given, before jumping at next topic.negative
Brief, high-level ideas. Could use more specific examples.negative
I think the teacher was very welcoming, but the content was less than enough to answer the quizzes. In the quizzes, every answer choice was correct and there wasn't any possible way to discern. What the teacher said and complemented with the lectures didn't match with the question answers. So, my score is "2".negative
Cannot believe UCI have just very short course, compared to san diegi/Duke/Virginia/Copnehagan who have courses worthing thousands of dollars for free as compared to this one. UCI have exception course in objective C which is worth the money to be paid, but this series, are extremely below the expected standardnegative
There wasn't a lot of information inside the video and the test's questions hade multiple possible answer.However, the links to ressources such as HarvardReview or Inc.com were pretty good and usefull.negative
I expected much more information in videos. Instead of that, videos are very short and provide only few information and don't allow us to pass the exams at the end of each module. There are some link to websites where you can learn much more and which are not even written by the professor.negative
a nice "entry level" course lacking a forum discussion... was not even able to report some issue with videos and no explanation provided with quizzes results :/negative
Tiny lectures and no readings from professional booksnegative
The test questions are abysmal.negative
The material was well delivered but I found it distracting to go between the video lecture and the additional material.negative
The value of this course is the collection of reading materials that can be found in the same place. The lectures don't add much to the course.negative
It very short and brief. I was thinking it will also emphasise and help us to grow our communication skills for the 21st century communication, but it's just a brief explanation of some changes and nothing more.negative
I paid the course and the course seem to be no longer supported, I tried without success to switch session , in summary : You paid and don't get to follow the course, incredible :-( ....... !negative
The course is a wonderfulBut the idea of a peer and the final assignment a very badYou need to wait ... for several days and a waste of your time in order to be assessed by other peopleThese people may be incompetent and give you a zero for no reasonAnd lost your effort and your timenegative
not so much live examples full of theories.this has been thought in class it self.negative
Disappointed by the course content ( except for the 4th week).The course content is US specific which has no relevance for international students. How am I bothered about Obama care or other american statutes?!!negative
Too US-centric. Very strange concept of non-monetary benefits. It very common to forgo cash remuneration for non-monetary benefits (mainly for tax advantages) which was largely ignored in this course.negative
The materials explaining the course are too poor. This is a core course in the specialization.The quizzes are out of the material's leaguenegative
I think the last project was very badly positioned and explained. First the Coursera is using Cloudera VM, but if you execute and run the Cloudera Express to set the Cloundera environment up the Coursea exercises do not run There should be a warning!. If you do then the simplest Jupyter exercise it fails - this took me about 10 hours to figure out.Then for the final Project, technically to succeed you must miss country names in all lower case and you cannot match with countries with a 'space' e.g. 'Cape Verdi' and if you try to take any of this into account you do not get the same numbers to pass the test. There needs to be some warning on how to interpret and manage the files so that you get the same numbers being asked for in the test. Again this too me about 10 hours to resolve. Both resolutions ONLY because another colleague is doing the same course and we problem solved together. THIS IS AN AWFUL EXERCISE in frustration due to incomplete details. Not a learning exercise. Just AWFUL....negative
The course and presentations were very informational and good. I enjoyed that aspect. I would have rated the course 4-5 star based on that. The reason for the low rating was the 6th module, and the fact that I felt very ill prepared for the syntax of creating all the operations in Spark (building out the Jupiter notebook). We really did not cover much of that, and it was quite punishing to search the web and sources to make things work. Even the instructions to export the csv file were misleading at best. I have a full time job and a family, I am not some young undergraduate with copious amounts of time to waste. While I am not opposed to some searching of other sources, I would like to have more of the useful information taught so that it is not so much of a burden. I believe that if you are going to test people on something, you should at least cover it in some sense.negative
The VM doesn't work out of the box sometimes for the hands on activitiesnegative
I have enrolled in this twice but can't see the course content. Every time I click "go to course" I get directed to the description of the course. Where are the lecture videos and other course content?negative
Poor presentation of topics, I don't recommend.negative
The last assignment of the course is, compared to the others, more difficult. In my case, I ran into several errors which I couldn't get help in solving by using the course Forum, as the end of course deadline was just a few days ahead. I had to analyze the tweet texts for the last graded assignment without using Spark framework (nor any of the other "Big Data" tools explored in the course).I also found some of the videos by PhD. Amarnath Gupta were difficult to understand, his examples were unclear and, in my opinion, too complex and difficult to follow and understand what was the reasoning thread.negative
I miss a proper buildup from the theory to the practical exercises. Especially the last quiz I found very difficult based on the limited number of exercises presented upfront.negative
Poorly designed, no help whatsoever from the staff, Forum is totally worthless. Worst course I ever had on Coursera.negative
I had many problems with the final two programming assignments with running Spark in the VM and there isn't a lot of help available online.negative
Overall this course does have some good content and delivers big data concepts. However, as others have mentioned some content (especially in early modules) could either be combined or ommited. Key focus areas on Spark and MongoDB are not given enough focus and lab time.The quizes have badly worded questions. Finally the last assignment required to pass the class has bad directions and covers content not reviewed in the class. Spent a frustrating amount of time trying to get what most likely is simple code to work.I'm hoping this particular module is revised. For those just interested in learning Spark or Mongo and not doing the certificate program you can probably get better learning from doing your own research.negative
Quizes are inconsistent with given dataset. Questions are bad: i.e. what is the difference between "number of distinct countries mentioned" and "number of countries mentioned in tweets".negative
I tried giving zero stars. This course is very poor. In particular the last portion of the class wherein you are tested on things that were not taught. If I had wanted to spend hours in google trying to learn this stuff I would not have spent money on this course.negative
The course cost too much for the gain of knowledge. Feels like this course could be merge with the first or the third course.negative
Forcing users to install demo software which requires a registration is just too lame.Other than that, courser is very boring, introductory, jumps constantly between things and doesn't explain much. Stack overflow and 2 hours would do a better job.negative
Weeks 1 &2 were worthwhile. Weeks 3 & 4 were very thin, not really up to expectation based on first course or even first two weeksnegative
If there hadn't been so many hiccups with the videos and quizzes I would recommend this course. However, I lost a great deal of time viewing incomplete videos and trying to complete quizzes covering material that was not addressed or only partially addressed in the videos. Then had to go back and Review all the videos once they had been re-uploaded. It was a very frustrating experience. I lost momentum and even motivation and as a result am now behind with the assignments and quizzes.negative
The course started really well and followed on nicely from the first course in the series but I'm really disappointed and frustrated with the video editing issues. Many were fixed but there are still some errors/omissions and the second half of the course was very short of content compared to the rest. Such a shame as I'm sure the writers really know their material and conveyed so well when the content was there. I'm looking forward to the next course and hope the material is all ready to go!negative
Got lost and left behind very quickly even after watching videos numerous times and doing additional research. There were videos missing even with deadlines approaching. Some videos were very well explained while others I didn't understand at all.negative
I had really high expectations from the course, I believe but it wasn't upto the mark. All it went through was some basic though I would have expected to go in details esp. for Aperture, Shutter and DOF.I am not sure if that i going to be covered in next unit but having gone though the basics in 1st unit, that was expectation in 2nd unit.negative
The course content is very poorly explained. The quiz questions don't really test what was taught in the lectures, and the assignments are just copying and pasting things. I feel like I still have a very poor understanding of what was supposedly covered in the course. I cannot generalise or apply the 'learned' information or skills to other topics or researches because I didn't actually understand the core concepts or how to use the programs.negative
Machine learning is too simplified and spark part is not even explained, also very little relation of all course with Big Data.negative
This is another course in UCSD's "Big Data" introductory course. The material is not pertinent to a specialty on big data technologies. Further the course does not increase one's knowledge of Machine Learning in any way that justifies spending the time in the course.negative
Almost a useless course - ML overview using KNIME which gives no insight whatsoever.negative
Unfortunately this course consists of the Professor reading his notes very quickly with rapid listing of concepts and very little time spent explaining complex topics. The quizzes emphasize the terms for various elements of the analysis rather than teaching how to work with the tools to analyze data. There does not seem to be anyone monitoring the course forum and mistakes in quiz questions and questions asked on the forum are not answered or replied to by anyone. I was committed to working with the course but by week 4 it was unfortunately impossible to absorb and there was no way to interact with anyone to get help. I'm sure there is room for improvement on this course and I hope the instructor does work to improve with the course, but currently the course is disappointing as a learning experience.negative
really... strange. Kind of childish.negative
Only fit for absolute morons and perfect ignorants. No content value whatsoever. I don't understand why Coursera allowed this one to happen to be on the Coursera website.negative
Most of the effort in the creation of this course seems to have gone into the visual and acoustic effects of the slides. The first week's material has no substance whatsoever (literally!). The second week' s presentations are just listings of lengthy definitions and "Best practices" which in fact are mostly goals, not practices.With the poor quality of the provided videos, my hope was that the reading would be better. But the second week's reading are uncommented links to a 270 page NIST document, an Open Online Course(!!!) and OWASP material.At this point it is clear that continuing the course is not going to help me in the way I would expect it from a course. When I compare this to the excellent Software Security course of Michael Hicks (University of Maryland) , which I also attend on Coursera, there are worlds between both.I understand that "Cybersecurity and its Ten Domains" addresses students with less prior knowledge, but especially for such students I would expect a much better didactic approach.One star seems harsh, but after the first two weeks, the only words I find for this are: "seriously?"negative
Content is very weak, sounds that are used very annoying...negative
Not very helpful, very stessfull music and only read definitions, do discussion or explanations to go deeper into the topic.negative
The design of this course seems rather lazy. There should have been more meaningful contents and discussions in the videos.negative
No content, essentially you just read a textbook. The videos are about 5 minutes per week.negative
Content very light, near of empty course.negative
This Course is a total scam. In doubt? Sign up for the free version and go watch the videos. Each video is only 1-2 minutes long, so you can watch all 7 weeks in half an hour ( speed 1.5). O, I forgot they also include a link to a 4 years old TED talk, FUn but not really relevant.This course is a disgrace to Coursera. It ought to be removed.negative
Not recommend. Very basic and videos are only 2 - 3 minutes.negative
I had some issues with this course which is why I rated it a 2.First off, let me start by saying this is a very good overview of what the Cybersecurity Terms are, but I wish it went deeper into the subject.1. Having to pay just to take the quizzes for an overview course is kind of a joke. I could see asking for money if you went into more detail information regarding each lesson, but just telling me what each term means and then pointing me to a website, then asking for 50 bucks is kind of cheap considering no in-depth information was ever given.2. Why did you have all of those people that are in the field of cybersecurity just read off a list of terms? You could have done that, kind of a waste of time for those other people. I am guessing that you had to pay them. Which would explain why you are asking 50 dollars just to take the quizzes.3. Where was the real life experience? Explain to me the most common mistakes people make with each of the different type of networks as securities. That would at least be worth 50 dollars, for some real world practical use. I could have easily googled these terms and have in the past. I thought it would contain more detailed information about the subject considering is technically an online course.negative
the only reason to take this course is because the certification will look good on your resume. don't expect to learn anything new if you are already in IT or related field. i passed the tests without going over the material. there is a shortage of original content, although their graphics and effects department did a good job, and mostly they expect you to read outside resources.audit the course for free to get familiar with the content but only pay if you need the certification for professional reasons.negative
I DON'T recommend this course AT ALL. This college doesn't spend much effort to structure this course - just putting short videos (less than 10mins in total per a week) and external references (which someone else wrote). The assignments are just open discussion among students and have ourselves evaluate with each other. I haven't learn anything from this course. It's just a waste of time and money. Coursera should inspect this course otherwise these skeptical courses can deteriorate the reputation of this MOOC platform - I love the other courses/specializations provided by other universities though,negative
3 introduction videos each week, and tons of links for reading?Do not want.The worst course I ever took.Not enough Video material with good explanations. All we got - links to articles which we can found ourselves without any help.negative
No useful info for menegative
Too short lectures;The study material is not properly defined, only entire books to read as reference;The tasks/tests are all literal parts of the books to complete, no understanding of the subject is motivated, but memorizing and tiring reading of books without proper directions.negative
The high video production values of this course fail to hide the abysmal lack of content. With approximately 4 mins per week of video charging $49 for this course is a disgrace. Potential students should save their money and read the relevant Wikipedia pages.negative
I expected much more. The course material is really weak, did not improve my knowledge about Cyber Security. I am very disappointed, also cos I payed 30 dollars to a certificate. I do not recommend this coursenegative
This is not a course - each session is 4 mins or less...negative
Boring course... useless videos... only the referential resources and exercises are goodnegative
A collection of links to other sites and short and highly generic videosnegative
Poor video lessons. The course is sustained by the reading material alone.negative
This is the poorest Coursera course I have participated in. Very few and short videoes that only scratches the surface of Cybersecurity. Instead you are directed to massive amounts of readings with no guidance on what should be read. To read it all includes sometimes +1000 pages for one week (not going to happen). I ended up just reading the introduction, glancing through the texts and searching for the answers for the quiz.This course totally miss the purpose and potential of MOOCs and the great Coursera platform. It's a shame.negative
Poorly made very short videos that do not explain the subject matter, some of the content is outdated.negative
The course is for an overview of many aspects of cybersecurity. There are many resources to read, videos that briefly discuss concepts of the week. Then there are quizzes and discussions with the topic of the week, doing the possibility at the student to talk about that and post his idea for assimilate concepts and reaching goals of the course. This is useful also for discuss with other students and how your ideas is viewed.I think there is a very basic course in his entire length, with more reading lectures at academic or professional level not for a beginner. it can be adding videos with more length and in-depth that in a easy way the ten domain about cybersecurity.negative
Very very broad with no real depth. Basically a very light summary of what cybersecurity is. You could watch all of the videos in 30 min probably. The real course comes from the reading and peer discussions.negative
This course is not prepared as well. You see several video with animated presentation and typical (vocabulary) terms.It is not for beginners because in course you didn't find answers.It is not for pros because in course you didn't find interesting material.Hope that instructors can change course to better.negative
I wish they spent more time on the content of videos and less on the silly effects and 30-second intro and outro sequences. Practically every question of the final comes word-for-word from a book not assigned in the module readings and not available for free to students for them to study. I won't be taking any other courses from this school if this course was an indication of quality.negative
I didn't like it. It's all theoretical and there isn't any practice.Also, they didn't send me an accomplishment like the other courses that I already done.negative
This is my first course in coursera.Cons:Information redundancy, unnecessary required reading.Extend some information that only need few hours to study to a 6 weeks courses.Pros:There are some useful basic concepts & framesnegative
Could have utilized video lectures more. Questions on final exam did not seem to relate to materials covered in course. Course seems to just comprise 1 or 2 minute long video lectures and then direct students to vast amounts of online reading material.negative
Videos way too short, annoying music/animations, lots of stereotypes (floating 0's and 1's, really?).This doesn't seem like a serious course provided by a university.negative
The videos are too short, without enough information about the topics. You have to read a lot, Actually, this course doesn't look like as others Coursera's courses and I don't recommend it.negative
all on demand flow are bad. difficult to follow and see where we are and what is left...negative
Too elementary. I would recommend this course for non-technical managers or security/coding beginners under the age of 13.negative
I did not find the lectures at all informative and the readings were not targeted enough to understand what items required focus and what information was more background. I did not find the course especially helpful.negative
Videos seemed disjointed. Assignments were marked inconsistently. Did not find the subject interesting but the course did give useful insights into the industry.negative
Videos are very brief - slide presentations of course outline. One has to depend entirely on reading materials to understand the course.negative
A new generation of MOOC with REL available for free on the web as teaching ressources!Already got that elsewhere...negative
Video content barely summarizes the outline of each module. The questions in the quiz are not "though provoking". Peer discussion are rather superficial and do not cover half the content of the course.Readings are OK, show good sources, but there is no real discussion about them in the videos or in the quizzes.negative
Pretty average and way too short/fast paced videos. Felt like it was put together on the fly. I don't usually review but this was not great, the reading material they linked to was the best content overall.negative
The videos and documents are not balanced with the quizzes. The quiz questions are sometimes verbatim sentences from one book with a missing word - which I find hardly a test of acquired knowledge. The course must rise above only a few definitions and rough concepts. Most of the video's hardly offer insights - they last only 2 minutes and cover a few of those definitions. This course has a lot of potential, but in its current format and content it was a disappointment.negative
The content of the videos are just some engineer citing with some brief headline of security, it's lacking of depth and explanation, totally wasting my time !!negative
I'm going to try to continue to the end but the first three weeks is probably 15 minutes of videos with the most annoying music available playing for way too much of the content. I also didn't need to watch 10 seconds of an animated caveman grunting and smashing things on the screen. I would probably enjoy that part more if I felt that the information that is supposed to be learned over three weeks was more information than 5 pages in a book.negative
One of the absolute worst final exams I've ever seen. Vague questions coupled with synonymous answers form a frustrating experience that ruins an otherwise decent entry in security topics.negative
Minimal video efforts, not enough content, and long readings. Definetly not a good course to get a verified certificatenegative
Short lectures, long intro, ridiculous music. Very quickly decided to learn this elsewhere.negative
This required a lot of work with little gained. Some questions, referring to budgets and site layouts, required skills that weren't learned in the course. The 3 word feedback comments I got from all reviewers did not feel like worthy responses to the amount of time I put into this project. Additionally, I was graded negatively by some reviewers without reason, as happened in other sections. Overall, not really worth the money for a paid certificate. Would be nice if maybe for the capstone only, some sort of professional or professor weighed in on your project for some legitimate and helpful critique.negative
Don't have the certificate to certify that I've undergone the course. It is sad. The content of the course is good. However, without the certificate it feels like all my efforts have gone in vain. Please look into it.I would like to receive the certificate, I am willing to pay for it. But I don't know hownegative
Very confusing course, unclear example, too theoretical (very limited relevancy to business questions)Also, presentation format could be improved (tables are not intuitive to read/understand)negative
very slow and boring. needs better and more relevant examples. Instruction should be more fast paced.negative
Very confusing subject which could have been better presented.negative
I didn't learn many data science concepts in this classnegative
I am a developer and know how to create advanced websites. This course has less use for me as in my day job i create sophisticated websitesnegative
To be honest I don't think this is worth the money.negative
seemed like a filler, nit are why this was includednegative
Would like to use the time to learn more machine learning/predictive technique, etc.negative
This review does not reflect the course content. The new Coursera UI makes it impossible to download transcripts or slides of the videos. Without these features, following the lectures is significantly more difficult, and I can't rate this course any higher than 1 star. I would rate it zero stars if that was possible.negative
To lock assignments for money is disgusting.negative
Some of the assignments seemed overly complicated and irrelevant to the topics discussed. On a few occasions the videos would mention something but never discuss the reasoning. Once I posted to the forum and no one answered so I never asked about the other questions I found during the videos.negative
Tree exercise had absolutely no relevant video material. Videos give zero context for why data structures are important or when they are used....Should take a lesson from the Stanford course.negative
Pros:Effort has been taken in putting up the assignments.Cons:Quality of teaching is very poor and too fast to follow through . Instructors have rushed to present course material . I would not recommend this course . Princeton and Stanford offer much higher quality and presentation on the same topics.negative
I'm honestly quite pissed. The material itself is fine but I have had a terrible experience working with the instructors. I don't think I will continue taking these courses.I don't appreciate the amount of time and effort given into the programming assignments only to receive practically zero help. First of all, I don't know WHY I'm failing the test cases, I just am. Your program runs through maybe 100 tests to ensure correctness but somehow the instructors decide you should only see the first 3. But then, I try posting on the forums to receive help only to have it removed. Quite frankly, I have spent well over 10 hours at this point on a single problem and I've created my own tests and I have looked at all the very vague hints given in the forums and I still have no clue what to do. I have school, a job, and yet I'm losing all this productivity because I'm running all these damn tests hoping on the off-chance that I catch whatever weird bug it is that's failing my code. All I want is real, concrete feedback.negative
Worse than the first course. I expected something that is not academic-like explanation, which I can't find it here.Please bring back those explanations style similar to the first course.negative
I found the wording of the assignments really difficult to follow so I didn't really understand what was expected of me. I spend a lot of time (and therefore money!) on this course but in the end I made a conscious decision to stop. I was taking it for personal pleasure and it was not worth the stress each week of trying to work out what was being asked. I have taken a number of other courses in creative writing elsewhere, and other courses on Coursera - this is the first one I have actively chosen to stop because I just wasn't engaging with it - either for education or for enjoyment.negative
Auditing is pretty useless with how this class is updated. I can't get peer reviews so my assignments get zero feedback. Coursera didn't used to be like this.Asked about how to be more involved in class discussions and peer reviews a couple days ago and haven't received feedback.negative
I couldn't take the instructor seriously. There were too many comparisons to Harry Potter and various three and five act formulas. I wanted something that would be practical and adaptable to the ideas that I'm working on. This just wasn't the right course for me. The assignments felt like they were pointless as well.negative
Too prescriptive and prone to lists. "Do these 21 things when editing a novel". If that's what I was looking for, I could search the web for blogs. Maybe this was too beginner focused for me, but I'm not sure I learned anything really useful here.negative
Very basic course with an extremely limited view on what makes a good plot.negative
The peer reviewed assignments are next to useless, as there is no oversight on them. I think there needs to be a basic comprehension assessment done first, before allowing fellow learners the ability to pass/fail students in the course.negative
Course is a little formulaic, had trouble making my submissions follow the structure outlined but still, I learnt some useful tips and actually got to just write something orderly.Liked some of the visiting speakers (the third speaker who talked about character - mature lady, dark hair) was quite good. So was the first gentleman.Overall, the course is ok but given the strict methodology and requirements for writing, I don't know if I'll make it through the specialisation.Thank you for reading!negative
Felt very much like an exercise in writing-by-numbers. Assignment instructions were too vague and the pass/fail grading system meant lots of classmates were upset that their work was not appreciated or understood. So many people on the course do not have English as a first language that the marking is often erratic. Great that non-native speakers are trying to write in English, enriching the canon, but in those circumstances a pass/fail system seems misguided.negative
I hope the instructions were cleary and not too vague that it was open to many interpretation. An example would have helped and the rubrics/criteria for grading should have been shown beforehand so students would be guided what points they would consider when making their piece.negative
The material isn't bad, and it does provide some interesting prompts to think and write about. But, the curriculum is not at all creative. It focuses on easily teachable and repeatable lessons that teach a certain, standard way of doing things. It tries to reduce creative writing down to a formula instead of acknowledging that many compelling and successful stories can have almost any imaginable form. If perhaps many types of structures had been emphasized or structures had been pointed out as optional, this would have been mitigated, but the time period is so short that there's no time. The result is a class that feels more like "Writing: How to Make a Formulaic, Sellable Book" than anything with "Creative" in the title.negative
Undoubtedly the course instructor is very knowledgeable. However I did not take away as much from this course as I would like to. It is mostly theoretical; very limited examples. I also missed the bio in biostatistics. A title like "Mathematical Statistical theory boot camp" would be better suited. I believe having a set of cases that get reused in some form over all lectures would be very beneficial for -at lease mine- understanding the topics. The form of lecturing is not using the benefits that an online platform offers. So instead of short interactive videos, this has slides with lengthy essential spoken word with it; hardly summaries.negative
He terribly prepared us for quizes and gave about 4 examples in the entire course. I filled a notebook with about 40 pages of notes, about 3 of which were useful for the quizes. Though content was good, but i found myself looking things up because of his somewhat neive explanations of difficult concept.negative
Very, very, very basic intro. The entire 4 weeks could have (and should have) been condensed into 1 week.negative
i feel that the course need more explanation .. i got really lost in the begging of the HWnegative
Very basic course, I was able to complete the 4 weeks on content in a weekend. I would recommend skipping this module and moving directly to the R Programming course.negative
A very big difficulty for me, French people who uses to speak english everyday for may work is that :1) Teachers don't do any effort to speak slower and to articulate2) As with all other courses I've attended in english, it's impossible to read a transcription, even in english, while reading slides.Slides are not sufficient by themselves, i.e. without commentary beside. The workaround I've used is to print french translation or english transcription and read it, trying to guess which part suited with which slide ...For a non-free course, it's not really professional ...negative
A simple list of programs that needed to be installed would cover 90% of the course content. Some of this content is also repeated in other courses in the sequence. If you have any technical skills this entire course is extremely tedious.negative
This is really bad structured. As analogy - imagine a cookbook that says: in chapter 8 you'll learn how to cook pies, but here in introduction let me tell you how to add baking powder in them. It is not useless information it is just very out of place.Learning some git commands was the most usefull in the course for me. (Though again, why would you first show the commands and just after that explain what's the tool for and where to download it?)And by the way it takes half a day to cover all 4 weeks material (listened through all videos, installed the tools). Which is not bad, just of other users information)negative
This module is just enough material for 1 or 2 lectures with "How to get started" notes..negative
I have no idea why you called it course, since there was nothing inside.negative
Only informative. Not worth it outside the specialization.negative
I mean, it's replicated in the next classes, and it has silly questions in the practice quizzes. It's not worth it. Just kill this.negative
Not worth 29$ considering you could take away very little from this course.negative
A good intro to the tools required for a Data Scientist. However, could cover the usage of the terminal and Rstudio better.negative
Is this entire course going to be watching videos of powerpoint slideshows, wrapped in a rather buggy website?negative
Too compact and short. Should be integrated to other courses.negative
I didnt learn anything about data science. I could have learned how to install all those tools by myselfnegative
I have absolutely no idea how could this become a separate course - and one spread over 4 weeks. It is extremely basic, extremely general and extremely high level. It should be compressed to 1-2 hours and added as an _optional prerequisite_ to other courses in this specialization. I personally feel cheated out of my 29 USD.0.1 star.negative
I was expecting 4 weeks of work, but it was more like 4 hours.negative
It is too easy as a "university" course. It is much more like a pratictioner course. The final exam is ridiculous, really too easy.It can be thought as a week course instead of a four week course.negative
this course is very poorly structured.negative
This was really basic information. It's not really a 4 week course. It takes several hours. The info is necessary, but it's sufficient as a single week of content for a larger course.negative
a bit too simple to be a paid coursenegative
$38 is a lot to pay for tutorials about how to install software. This course takes only 20 minutes to complete. It is also obsessed with command line interfaces. There's a reason that they were left behind in the 80s. It does cover GUI software like Rstudio, which is ignored for the rest of the course. How about something on the desktop Github version? https://desktop.github.com/ So much easier to use.negative
Is this a real course for a data scientist just installing shit and a peer reviewing for that screenshot and forking all repos ...very bad not worth to be with rest course in specializationnegative
There just wasn't much to this class. It's not bad information, but it could have been done in one week.negative
Very very introductory. I didn't find the tooling aspects of this course particularly helpful, but I'm not in the target audience. It's length was misleading -- I completed the work in two days easily, but I am a technologist, and already had the tools installed. If you use GitHub and RStudio, the meat of the course is only about an hour of the lecture.negative
I thought this was very very basicnegative
The course is fine, however its more an introduction than a course. The course in itself doesn't teach much, should have been the first week of subsequent courses. I went through all 4 weeks in 1 week, the whole course is mostly about downloading different tools and signing up for accounts.What I didn't like is that the teachers seem to be really concerned about their reputation and workload. Its repeated several times that you shouldn't email the teachers with questions and that online questions should be of a certain standard, its understandable but its a bit patronizing. I think teachers should be available for questions, even if its only through the forum (which they are) Its understandable that there are a lot of students so direct emails might overwhelm but that's just part of the job, we pay for the course, we should also get support when its not working for us.Overall I wouldn't advise taking this course if you aren't taking it as part of the specialization.negative
Would like to have seen more material using git and git bash commands. More repetition here would be helpful. Seems like a lot of this information will be lost or forgotten when it comes time to use it, especially as it relates to the Data Science Specialization.negative
$40 is way too much to spend just to learn how to install a couple pieces of software and sign up for a GitHub account. The entire course should have been the first week of the following course.negative
This should not be a course. It's just introduction and should be condensed to one video and a handout with pointers to those who need more specific and detailed instructions for setting up their computers. This is not a learning course. All they teach you how to install git, R and Rstudio. And they take money for this (if you want to say you "completed" the course)!!! Highly unethical practice in my opinion.The surveys are stupid too. They don't distinguish between those who completed (but not earned any credentials) and those who didn't.In my opinion this is a very dumbed down version of an introduction to a data science course (and not a cours in itself). Definitely not worth 4 weeks!A much more valuable course is Stanford's "Machine Learning" where you can actually learn something (and don't force you out of evaluation if you don't pay).negative
Very shallow overview, not really a full course I'd say.negative
Very basic even for people with no DS background.Issues with quiz having passed and results showing as failed. Inability to speed up and move on to next modulenegative
Didn't learn anything in this one.negative
Complete waste of time. This should be a course on its own, and much less be charged for. This should have been the 1st week of an actual class. This only dealt with installing a couple of software tools. Hopefully the following courses will teach something worthwhile.negative
Not sure this should be a course that is charged ....on to the next one now.negative
Introductory Course mostly around installation and setup for the other courses in Specializationsnegative
This course is not very "beginner friendly"negative
In my opinion, most of this information should be free and available as a pre-req. for other classes (installing R Studio).It was cheap, but in general, I thought I was going to be more out of this course than I did.negative
They charge you to take a class that explains how to install a few programs. If you go to the program's websites, there is directions to install it anyway, so this was completely unnecessary. Waste of money. This class should give you some early training on R before throwing it at you in the next course without enough training.negative
It's an extremely basic introduction... which doesn't help in much for the next session (R Programming)negative
Extraordinarily basic. Entire thing can be done in about two hours.negative
Useless. The information content is close to zero. Just some blah-blah and a long tutorial to install software.negative
Jumps around, doesn't put anything into "real world" examples.negative
waste of time. except for git and github ,nothing much is in it.negative
Way too basic for the price - almost no content - this is just setup - I resent paying for setup instructions.negative
Too basic, this should just be a readnegative
they made this many courses as they can earn more money.I dont think this course should me taught seperatelynegative
The course is not updated.negative
This should not be a course in itselfnegative
By far to expansive for what you get. Anyway, thanks for the hint about swirl.negative
This course was a loss of time and money. Except from week 3 material, the rest can be found on the internet and should be required by everyone who wants to take that specialization. This course doesn't worth it, it's just to take extra money from anyone who wants to learn about Data Science.negative
Some interesting concepts, but way to simplistic in my opinion. Only reason I see to pay for it is the fact that it is a requirement in the Data Science Specializationnegative
Quizzes were based off of extremely high level overview videos not covering anything specifically or deep diving into anything. When applying the git commands covered, numerous errors arose. Overwhelmingly academic course with very little hands on. This is not for anyone actually looking to work in this field, but for someone looking to be able to talk about this field.negative
The course is well structured and provides a good introduction, however, I expected a bit more from a course that costs 20 pounds than just a few clips on how to install and set-up software/create a github account etc. This information is available for free online on the websites of the respective software.I understand that such an introduction is needed for the course, but then do not offer it as a separate 20 pound module. Instead include it for free with any other 'specialization' you can buy.negative
the speech is too fast to be catch up with and doesn't have much useful contentsnegative
Too expensive for what you get :(negative
most part of this course is a duplicate of the "R programming" course.microphone/sound of the teacher quality is very bad.not original, boring, dividing this in "4 weeks" is too ridiculously long, this should be done in 1 week to enable users to take more time for the "R programming".this course should be free. don't lose too much time on it, it's doable in a day or a weekend and move on to "R programming".asking for so much money to see how to install R and github is a shame.feels like this course has been added just to have a round number for the specialization.even the survey in the end asking for feedback starts with a question not adapted to moment it's been asked "did you get a certificate?" of course i did not as i've just finish the course and now wait for my peers to review my final submission.negative
It has almost no content and isn't actually useful. I've heard later classes in the series are way tougher, so the ramp up isn't at all good.negative
It is a nice introduction, but the material is barely worth a one week orientation lesson (I have completed it in about 4 hours with watching all the videos, taking detailed notes, and completing the quizzes for 100%) . Why should we pay for a specialization preview, we can read info about the separate courses on our own? I am really looking forward the next courses in the specialization since I really need a good course in statistics and this seems to be one, but the first course should be eliminated. The installation of R and github account videos should be added to the next course as an introduction.negative
It's more a preview than an actual class.negative
The course does not warrant the price, it has way too little information. Very dissatisfied.negative
This should not be a course of its own.negative
Not useful at all if it's audited.negative
Extremely remedial. Not worth the time or cost on it's own, unfortunately it's required for the specialization.negative
I didn't get much out of itnegative
Really poor quality of the material.negative
Not worth the price. Extremely basic stuff spread very thin over too much time just to be able to charge for it.negative
This should not be its own course, as it would be pretty useless if you were doing it on its own without doing any of the other courses. The end of course project literally being just to make a Github account and download R-studio could be quickly covered in the first week of the other courses.negative
Certainly not worth paying for this course, only talks about how to install the tools.Not able to take quizzes when you try to take the course for free.negative
Might be useful for total newbies, but this was very simple for me.negative
Good introductory course. However, an overkill as a separate course (and hence charging $30 for it). Courses 1 and 2 could have been clubbed together.negative
Maybe, I am already somehow experienced, but I think that the time I spent on that was a waste :/negative
This course must be a part of another courseres.negative
Not much substance to this coursenegative
Nice introduction but actually very little contentnegative
Very introductory. This material could have been compressed into 1 week.negative
I think there are only few contents.negative
I think this course could have been done in two 30 minute videos. It jumps in with overviews but contain some high level items you won't understand until later in the course and it really doesn't give enough context to be meaningful at the time. It almost seems like it was thrown together without a clear mission of what should be in the introduction. Being a developer who has used some of the tools in this toolbox (Git, GitHub, Command Line) this intro really glosses over tools that most non developers won't understand. If I had a say in what should be in this intro it would be one video end to end of setting up the tools. The second video would be all about the history and logic and some of the applications we will be exploring without all the r formulas in the slides.negative
Very basic introduction to Data Science. Seasoned programmer or other IT professionals are likely to find this course really weak.negative
Although the content is correct, quality models videos and materials is very low, wanted to make all the specialization, but I'm not satisfied with the quality of the course. It's a shame, because the JHU is an excellent Universitynegative
Too basic content.I have not learned anything with this course (installing R and RStudio should not be part of exercises or lectures).I hope R programming course will be betternegative
This could probably be compressed into a single week of setup for the R Programming course. There isn't much in terms of substantive learning here.negative
Not really enough content to be a course in it's own right, should be additional material as is useful, but definitely not a requirement.negative
The course is very simplenegative
Very little information for the cost. I was done with the whole course in a few hours. The review in the next course covered most of the same things. It certainly wasn't worth the price.negative
You will learn some command line commands, git, Github, and what you will need for eventually using R.I was a bit annoyed that this course is a requirement for the Data Science certification (which is what I am after). I already knew everything taught in this course and was a bit annoyed I had to pay for this in order to complete the track. I think 'courses' that are fully setup like this should be opt-in not required.negative
I was disappointed because the name is misleading. The course provides a good introduction & overview of the responsibilities of the CTO, but has very little specifically digital content. It deals with two-speed IT in a single short lecture, so of course the treatment is superficial. It is easy to find more in-depth material freely available, on the McKinsey website for example.neutral
Good content, but the course setting does (at least for me) not allow learn the content long term due to missing reading material.neutral
The course content is quite good, though it could have been deeper in some areas.But its peer review system is not working well, if at all.Regards, An Le.neutral
I'll start by saying that this course gives a good insight into a wide variety of applications of 3D printing. There are lots of interviews with people who have or are leveraging additive manufacturing in original and effective ways. The last week of the course also introduces an interesting and seemingly effective framework for design thinking.The reason that I've only rated 3 stars however is that the only useful thing you learn in this course is the design thinking framework. I think that it would be better if these videos were scattered throughout the rest of the specialisation. I do see value in including this material in the specialisation but not as an outright course.neutral
It should be merged with course 1neutral
It should be less repetitive and full of useful informations about applications.neutral
it could be easily compressed in a two-weeks course.Sometimes interviews are too long for what they need to explain.neutral
good introduction into the applications of 3D printing.neutral
This session was too long and a little boring. Could be shorter with the related contents.neutral
Not according what I expectedneutral
good introduction to 3D printingneutral
Good information but way too short for what Coursera charges.neutral
The course itself is good. Nevertheless, it says that it doesn't require any previous experience... But there is actually experience required on financial statements and concepts.neutral
I love the professors, but unfortunately, I do not feel much connection to me (not really seeing so much importance for me to identifying if a company is making fake financial statements; I am not an investor, and my everyday work does not really have so much to do with financial statements).The Managerial Accounting (week 4) transforms my mindset!! I really appreciate that. That one single week of course can literally help so many companies/NGOs. That week 4 should be promoted more!!neutral
The first three weeks focussed heavily on ratios and detecting fraud and earnings management in an organization, the fourth week seemed to actually relate to data analytics and how non-financial aspects of a company play a role in the financial outcomes. I really do not see where a data analyst who is not in accounting field would be using the fraud detection scenarios in real life. A data analyst would be focused on improving the business and doing the analyses that pertain to improving certain aspects of a business, not finding his manager's earnings management using an M-score etc.neutral
difficult for people without accounting background to take.neutral
Sorry to say but among the four courses of this specialization, this one really disappointed me. Not the fault of teachers or institute, i think the only mistake they made is try to fit too many topics in one course. Anyway this is only my opinion!neutral
Great content but animations are annoying!neutral
With my Accounts/Business/Finance/Statistics Graduation/Post Graduation Education and Teaching & Work Experience, I believe the Professor/Educator who Designed and Presented this Course requires atleast a Basic Training before putting together an important Course like Accounting Analytics.neutral
Prof Brian Bushee is really excellent but I felt that Prof Chris Ittner's lecture was quite fluffy for an analytics course. Would have appreciated practice problems and case study practices like the operation analytics classneutral
I would add more examples on how to populate the data, even spend time on optional videos where the professor or his assistant goes through testing ratios (something similar to Operations Analytics). I feel like the professor was rushing through his explanations and the models. Maybe people found the course very useful however I felt like there was too much text and immediate switch to Excel file that was elaborated shortly. Overall, I am not sure how to apply these ratios in my final project...neutral
I liked it, although I felt like they were 2 courses: One for the first three weeks, another one during the last week.The "First Course" was OK, but it was regular accounting stuff. I was rusty on that so I enjoyed it.The "Second Course" was the one related with Analytics.I give it 3 Stars because you can see some lack of preparation in the team. And because didn't made a proper link between Accounting and Analytics.neutral
It's ok. Bushee is very knowledgeable and a very enthusiastic teacher, but his lessons are too dense compared to the content in the rest of the Wharton BA programs. I actually like all the detail, but I think it's covered too quickly and the course should probably be made longer to deal with it all. There are ratios and balance sheet jargon just flying at you at a breathless pace. It would be better to focus on a few key ones and then walk through the examples a little more slowly. The quizzes were extremely tricky with too many choose more than one answers. It was difficult to find the parts of the video to review missed questions because 1) the transcripts are machine generated and make it difficult to search specific words and 2) it's difficult to remember where the concept was covered because there was so much in each video.The last week felt very disconnected from the first week and like it belonged in a different course almost. It was pretty good, though. I liked how it contained specific examples and charts.neutral
Great introduction to Accounting Analytics. Unexpected lecturing dialogues. Could have more analytics or additional or optional problem sets to explore more deeply.neutral
While I like the content of the course but I felt too much of topics were crammed into one single course. I had to struggle a lot to grasp the concepts on advanced algorithms by just relying on video lectures so I had to look around in the internet for additional resources. Nonetheless it was a satisfying experience though it took me a lot of time and effort to complete the assignments.neutral
easy to undestand, but it needs more examplesneutral
I personally think that I've learnt more from Google and YouTube then in this course. You can join the course for certification. Other then the certificate, I find this course not much of value.neutral
I did not understand the submitting process till the fourth week. I feel that you could have offered a more detailed description . Doing the review in the fourth week did not do justice for my peers.neutral
It's amazing that we live in an age where you can take online classes like this for free.I went from not knowing my way around Ableton to being able to make simple tracks in a few weeks.The course load is pretty light, but it makes it easy to stay motivated and keep up from week to week.The instructor has her quirks, but don't we all. I feel like this course is great for introducing someone who has prior experience with writing music and using DAWs to Ableton Live. However, for someone who already knows the basics of Live, this probably won't be of too much use.neutral
This particular module (week 3) is written for those students who are already have at least a nodding acquaintance with the software.The videos move so fast that I am not able to detect what is going on. Please believe me when I say that I run a copy of Fusion 360 at the same time as a particular instructional video is playing. I toggle from one to another, taking notes from the instructional video when possible. Still, it takes me weeks, not days, to understand what the professor is doing.It is true that there are several online tutorials with regard to using the sketch tools contained within Fusion 360. I have been reviewing the tutorials that I am able to find -- and I have learned quite a bit of "how-to" information that this particular module does not provide.Why is it that some of us who are new to the Fusion 360 environment have come to understand that we need to spend hours of our time to "fill in the blanks" of week 3?Are we to keep searching other sources so that we can learn what has not been taught in Week 3? If so, why?Bill Clarkneutral
The instructor does an excellent job, but realistically there is no way to be proficient enough in a 3D software program after a week or two to earn a certificate. The certificate is worthless in my opinion. I liked the class but it seemed more like intro vs. a class of any proficiency required.neutral
The topics are really interesting and advanced! However, there's a lot of talk in chinese, due to questions/answers from teacher and students, and the quizzes are a bit too easy. I learned a lot though.neutral
I knew nothing about Jefferson before this course and nothing about his 'age' - not sure I am much the wiser about the latter after it! I enjoyed the tours round the historic sites and I thought the lecturer came over as warm and enthusiastic but it seemed he was preaching about a saint rather than giving a detached academic assessment of a historical figure and I found that it was hard to see the wood for the trees at times. Hagiographic might be an unkind description but it was certainly very respectful to the great man. I also liked the use of a student in cooperation with the lecturer.- he set the scene well and was a good interviewer.neutral
Ambiguous assignments led to cumbersome completion. The peer grading got a little annoying as sometimes it took forever to get feedback and a lot of times feedback was minimal or the criteria for grading was vague and people took it WAY too seriously.neutral
Very tough, though very instructive.neutral
The course was really great! The teacher explained excellent and the topics were very appropiate. However, when i finished the course i couldn't see the certificate of accomplishment at least; it never showed up :( And now when i click on the option "Buy the course" the page redirects me to an address which doesn't exist.Despite of this, I enjoyed this course a lot, as the first one! Thanks a lot!neutral
Actually, the course should be titled as "Introduction Into Macroeconomics", I think. The course is fine, but I won't call it really "advanced" one. The structure and topic list is okay, but the depth is not enough to threat the course as "advanced".neutral
Honestly, for something that says "Advanced" in the title, I thought it was a little too basic. There isn't enough depth and a lot of it involves common sense. Perhaps a more case-study driven course would have been interesting with more qualitative, essay responses required rather than cut-and-dry multiple-choice.neutral
Overall, this is a good subject.However, some slides are not well organized.Many questions in assignment are too tricky.neutral
Nice addition to the "Competitive Strategy" course, although not as interesting and practical as the first part... Cases and current examples would have made this section much better.Prof. Tobias Kretschmer ... 5 starsCompetitive Strategy . . . 5 starsAdvanced Competitive Strategy ... 3 starsneutral
it is okay, not what I expected, but okay.neutral
The course is fine as far as content. My complaint is that there is no one to contact regarding papers or questions. You are left to the other students for your grading and assignment completion, meaning that some of your assignments can hang there for weeks before ever getting reviewed.neutral
Not the course id think it would be.I learn less information than i d expect but these were still usefull information.neutral
It has good content, but there were missing classes to give more advices or clear any question students have, when grading peer review homeworks there were plenty of mistakes that would have been avoided if there were more video lectures or forums with teachers.neutral
I wasn't sure what to expect with the Advanced Writing course. Again, peer review was unnecessarily harsh because people don't understand the flexibility and nuance of writing, but it's definitely informative and has made me a more mature academic writer. This specialization is well worth it, for the videos alone. The instructor is clear and the videos are very concise.neutral
So far the topics are very interesting but the accent of the teacher is sooo difficult to follow and distracts me! Also, she is looking down to read all the time and this doesn't reflect her knowledge.neutral
before discussing genetic mutations occurred in Alzheimer disease that mentioned when discussing AIS, i think some refreshment about protein synthesis and the normal pattern that if disturbed by certain ways as mutations causes particular diseases.some arrangements of material needed to prevent information overlappinginteresting courses, go onthanks for your efforts dear professorsneutral
Too much bla, bla, bla. Very slowly, very boring.neutral
Provides a nice basis in understanding how economic principles are used to investigate agriculture production. Could provide a bit more of an economic foundation but the course is broad rather than deep.neutral
The professor is very good. However, pictures and graphics mean a thousand words. These lectures rely too much on words. It makes it how to visualize the concepts. Hope to see more pictures. Animation will be the best.neutral
I was glad to get exposure to famous algorithms through this class, but I don't feel like I really developed an intuition for reasoning about their runtime. The class was challenging, but mostly for the wrong reasons. I spent more time and energy pouring over the answers to tricky quizzes and having to implement algorithms exactly as described in the lecture notes rather than really truly learning. It also took me much longer than the 4-8 hours per week advertised to complete each week.neutral
It would be nice to see more examples especially were we have too many formulas. I still confused with probability.Also hadwritting isnt really helping. I am most of the time decoding scripts. In addition he is reading the formula at one moment and in around 3-4 seconds it appears on the screen. So I kind of listening him while trying to read what is happening on the screen. horrible experience.neutral
The early part of the course does not make a compelling argument for why we need to analyse complexity. The lectures are interesting but not helpful for use in business.neutral
The material was good, but I did notice a couple of lectures and in-course questions presented out of order. What really turned me off, however were quizzes. In weekly quizzes the first answer was always the right answer. In the final quiz most of the questions had the first answer as the right answer. Since randomizing the answers is so obvious and easy, I am really at a loss why the quizzes would be presented in this way.neutral
kind of boring and I am not learning how half this info is obtained or why it is relevant to real world chemistryneutral
Very interesting! I wish there is some animation film to explain the narative.neutral
A lesson with discussion about the question of quizz.neutral
Ancient Greeks is brief overview of Greek civilization from about 1800 to 320 BC, starting with the Minoans of Crete and ending with the death of Alexander the Great. Prof. Andrew Szegedy-Maszak demonstrates great knowledge about the subjects, covering literature, government, and philosophy.Yet the course has two setbacks: 1) The professor stutters through the lectures, displaying his obvious discomfort being on camera; and 2) the overview is very expansive, so there isn't great study in any single theater of Greek civilization.There is, however, solid coverage. I also felt the chapter on the 4th cent. BC, done to address complaints about no coverage of Alexander and Macedon, feels tacked on. It's a long, but somehow hurried lecture.That said, I liked this course. I gained greater knowledge of important political and literary figures, such as Solon and Alcibiades, than I did when I studied the subject back in college.neutral
I must say I feel disappointed especially when the whole Data Structures and Algorithms series take this course as the selling point ( "you'll learn how to compute the fastest route between New York and Mountain View thousands of times faster than classic algorithms and close to those used in Google Maps", blablabla), but it turns out to be the least challenging course with only elementary introduction to the big topic. Perhaps the preparing time for this course is too short? I still miss the teaching style and assignment design of the first course of the series though. It would seem to be unwise to pay for the following courses if this continues on.(FYI I was the among the first ones who take this series, and I have got 100% grade for each course ever since then.)neutral
Even though there is a lot of useful information in this course, I personally don’t like it. I wouldn’t take this course again if I had a chance to go back in time.All hometasks are much more about programing in Java than algorithms. Open any week's discussion forum, you will find out that 90% questions and problems are about Java, not algorithms. If you are not a professional programer, you will spend at least 30-40 hours a weak instead of 6-10 hours.5 week’s task is just a pure joke: 30 minutes explanation about most difficult structure in the course and not a single line of code.. After that you must write it by yourself. Just look at week 5 discussion forum. Do you know why there are 42 topics in week 3 and only 7 in week 5? Because people decide not to do it.The goal of a teacher must be to make students love the course\matherial\science, not to hate it. I’m not sure about hating, but it was annoying as hell.neutral
Topics are interesting, explanation is boringneutral
Good course for a free one. Thank you for all of your great work. Somehow, the pace is too fast. Covering about 2 sections per week is by far too hard to read the book along with the class. There's no practice exercise to strengthen what you learn. The assignment is very hard and sometime don't directly implement the knowledge you learn in that week. Sometime the video sound is too quiet (but you can read the transcript when it happened.) The book is better in my opinion.neutral
Ha sido un curso muy interesante y útil. Lo recomiendo para saber como América Larina funciona en estos momentos. Los documentos adjuntos son extremadamente necesarios para disfrutar del curso!It was so interesting and useful. I recomend it to know about how Latin America is working at this moment. The attached files are extremly needed to enjoy the course!neutral
videos can be more interactive with more information on the slides. feel that slides downloaded is not worth the time. I seem to see the professor on screen more then important information we need to take note of. Some modules need to go indepth explanation but does not, especially onneutral
Why were we talking about money managers and hedge funds? What does that have to do with data analytics for business? I never saw the connection and they never explained it.neutral
This was a good introductory course, with some very informative video and instruction. I only give it 3 stars because I felt it really lacked interactivity. Although quizzes were required throughout, I felt too much of the class was simply sitting back and watching lectures.neutral
Content was a bit shallower than expected.neutral
Interesting enough, good start to the specialization but not the most content for a standalone course.neutral
Survey course. Excited to apply the knowledge and learn concrete skills in the upcoming courses within this specialization.neutral
It's very general information. The explanation movies are great.neutral
This was a very basic foundation course on data careers and business metrics. Gives a lot of examples of companies and their varying levels of need for data employees. There is a short segment in here on Financial services which i found to be a bit misplaced, and I would have liked more detail on the business metrics side as well as on the financial services side (if it is indeed well placed and I just didn't catch the correlation).neutral
good but the tests can be better planned.neutral
Very good course, only 1 BIG disadvantage: you cannot take the quizzes unless you buy the certificate...neutral
Pretty good overview for simple business metrics definitions and basic level analysis. It is a good refresher for those with an analytics background, but also puts things in a perspective from a business setting which is good for when you are working in the field.neutral
I thought that they could have gone more in depth in terms of metrics, how to calculate them, and use them in real life situations. The course seemed to focus too much on the type of companies that use data, as well as what type of jobs there are in this field. I didn't find it too relevant or helpful in terms of making me more productive at work.neutral
The lectures are good and clear, with many concrete examples and exercices to train. The topic itself is a little limited, mostly to finance, whereas there would be so much more equally interesting diversity in data to analyse. I just don't dream of money all the time.The course limitations for free attendance get in the way of efficient learning though, using cheap tricks to manipulate you into buying, though I haven't seen these features used this way in other curses, I bet they're using what they teach to increase conversion using any way available.neutral
The course content is good. However, by the review assigment i can see that the concepts were not clear, therneutral
I feel like more examples, case studies, or panel interviews would help.neutral
It's a great introductory course, although a bit superficial.neutral
Very basic terms. Not very helpful for later concepts and would not recommend for business professionals that have experienceneutral
A lot of time devoted to the job stuff may not be super relevant for most students, and was certainly not super relvant too.neutral
I had a hard time finding material to study.I wish the class had more reading material.neutral
A very useful course for budding professionals. Wouldn't recommend this to middle managers / data experts.neutral
Good introduction to the Theme. Some subjects was not entirely connected between weeks.neutral
I found this course interesting, but a bit too simple.From the answers of other students that I marked many are non-native speakers of English who hadn't really understood the questions.neutral
I would have liked the course to have been more hands on. I would have also liked to have seen other platforms utilized.Ex:Hypothetical situations to apply course content to.Group assignments with real time chat.Better formatted supplemental readings to compliment the lecture videos.Also, I feel like the instructors failed to explain some of the business jargon used, which wasn't remedied by referencing the dictionary.neutral
Great introduction to the Subjectneutral
Good introduction to business metrics. I was less enthusiastic about all the investment metrics and formulas, but that might just be me.neutral
good, but no material and lack of structureneutral
Solid introduction - slightly disjointed and fairly boring presentation.neutral
Good course for those with limited exposure to business metrics. Would be more valuable to include 5 or 6 standard Key Performance Indicators (KPI's) by function (marketing, sales, operations, finance), etc. that will be typically encountered in an advanced undergraduate or MBA program.neutral
The course title is a bit misleading. There were too much math in the course.neutral
The course for me was very simple and basic. I recommend it to students who makes their firs steps in this area.neutral
Meh. It was just okay.neutral
The class is a pretty nice overview of metrics in general. it is more broad than it is deep, and sometimes the videos and explanations were not the most easily digested. While the content was helpful, this class could have been greatly improved if slides were provided instead of just a transcript. Finally, some of the explanations and definitions, though interesting, weren't often well tied together. The final assignment case study was definitely useful in thinking about several of the metrics covered over the four weeks.neutral
not much is taught here but I guess should be a good beginning for the specialization.neutral
It's OK, I think there's a few areas that could use some more depth of explanation. As with a few coursera courses there seems to be an assumption that students know the material being discussed and so it isn't explained. Most of the time in this unit that isn't the case but it does occur a bit.neutral
Sometimes it seems very "mechanic". The instructor is clearly reading a script.neutral
I found the lectures marginally useful. The instructor may know what he is talking about but takes a rather unstructured approach to articulating it. Having come from a business background and going into BI full-time, I was seeking novel ways to evaluate business performance. The glossary cheatsheets delivered on this best - but the videos I found to have simple, tired repeated perspective. It could be more useful if you have no business background whatsoever.neutral
In my opinion this course is superficial. I didn't get real knowledge from it. At the same time this course might be just an intro to the series of courses about Business Analytics. So I'm looking forward to try them all!Anyway, thanks for the course!neutral
This course provided a good introduction to SQL for me as a beginner and through challenging lessons forced me to learn SQL basics. After Week 3 however, I found that the level of difficulty increased steeply and not enough assistance was provided in the lessons to get through the course at a reasonable pace. In addition to providing answers to each week's exercises, further review of how the answer was obtained and the breakdown of the logic behind it would be helpful.neutral
The course structure was well formatted. The order of the lessons and content presented made for learning intuitive. The follow along practice queries and end of lesson practice problems were also helpful interactives for the student.However there were mistakes in the answer keys or practice problem prompts that became more frequent in the lessons towards the end of the course. This made it difficult to practice the more complicated material and queries. It was also a big time waster when as a student you were unsure whether you were answering the correct question and if so whether your answer was correct. It would also been helpful to have more open ended practice problems at the end of the course in addition to the set provided.Finally I think this course would be better split into two parts. The first part should be geared towards querying data and focusing more on just pulling data and intermediate queries. The main audience would be analyst/data professionals that have privileges to pull data but not modify data. The second part of the course would be more useful to DBAs or professionals that have database admin privileges to insert/delete/modify data. I would also focus more heavily on database schemas in this second course relative to the first.neutral
there are so little video tutorials, and too many exercises without video instructions.neutral
The video instruction are not as helpful as I wished. They were too brief, and all the learning end up with doing the exercises. The regular exercises and the quizzes use different database system, and it sometimes hard to transfer what you learn to the quizzes.The pre-quiz exercises are more helpful imo, but no answer key is provided. Sometimes I am still confused even after passing the quiz.neutral
It's a good class and I learned a lot. The learning curve shoots up exponentially around the fourth week. I could see this course being perfect if broken down into two classes.neutral
too many issues with the DB's that needed to be accessed to complete the exams.neutral
Did not like that I have to upgrade just to take a quizneutral
Worth skimming fast through for free to learn a little something about the brain. Don't expect to learn much about the brain though. The title is a little misleading.neutral
Well, I expected more and more debt, It seems the course is oriented to the general public.neutral
The course satisfied me in various aspects. It is brief and clear. Thank you for our instructor for nice presentations.Nevertheless, I would expect more about pharma and treatment apporaches. More about drugs available in the markets and new trends.Psychotherapy applications / demonstrations would be very useful.neutral
Knowledgeable professor. Distracting background. I prefer direct eye contact rather than having the professor sometimes filmed not looking directly at the camera. But the course gave excellent information and I enjoyed it.neutral
Course give very good information, but the "The addicted brain" its not the correct name.Second part of the course give more detail information about different drugs and body biology, but its not directly related to the Brain.However, the training its very good, just change the label.neutral
So simple, not enough informative.neutral
Maybe too easy... And too focused on the society more than on the brain itself. Enjoyed it though.neutral
Maybe because I am a med graduate already I expected much more from this course. It was ok, but my impression was always like there was too much of talking what important stuff is going to be discussed, but not really the facts themselves. I would rather learn more practical knowledge. Anyway I learnt some new things as well.neutral
Very interesting as lay person interested in topic.neutral
Somewhat too simple, but still a good basic introduction.neutral
I learned some important concepts, but all of the material was repeated many times. If the redundancy of information were eliminated, imagine how much more students of this course could learn!neutral
I will rated number 3 because I want to learn more new stuff about protections of my body.neutral
Not enough Tableau use for it to be in the title of the courseneutral
I will start with you do learn a lot from the videos (and the stuff you learn is very valuable), it's the absence of staff or professor involvement that is a problem and why I am not giving 5 stars. Outside of quizzes which are graded by computers, your "practice" assignments (which aren't practice because you can't check your answers before a test, super awesome when you can't really ask for help), final project and forum questions are graded or answered by other students.If you have any confusion, either it will go unresolved or be worsened by potentially wrong answers from other students which I saw happen many, many times. Maybe I am expecting too much from an online learning platform? In all, I feel like while I did learn, I perhaps learned some wrong practices too. So while the videos are great, the actual teacher involvement is poor.Coursera - I am not sure how you and the university work together, but is it totally strange to desire some input from your professor?neutral
I loved this course. The lecture videos taught me a lot and I was happy I got to use whatever I learned in the final project. The only reason why I'm giving three stars was because of the submission process for the final project. It gave me a headache because I didn't really understand how to submit to Tableau public. I tried following the instructions but I couldn't find some things so it confused me a bit. It caused me to submit my assignment late, and it was just not a pleasant process. Maybe upload new instructions with screenshots, or make another lecture video on how to submit.neutral
I have given an extra star for the free license software received.Didn't find the course as challenging as the Machine Learning course.The assignments need to be more challenging. Connecting to SQlite / GA Analytics dummy data can be added. Tableau with R session can be incorporated.neutral
Great course!Very well organized, and worked in a format where you would build as you learned and had several milestones for review.The one complaint I have is that the final asks for you to work in Tableau, and provides you a license for 15 days, although the course runs longer than that.neutral
It's a good course by the standards of when it was made which, going by the overview, looks like 2014. the lectures are based on eclipse while the video teaches how to install android studio. Some of the examples are not compatible with Android studio and work only on eclipse. Being updated with the more recent material would've helped more. Having said that, the teaching style is really conducive to learning for newbies. It's a good introduction to the world of Android development.neutral
I like this programme its very helpful and encouraging for me to do programmingneutral
I was very excited during Week 1 and Week 2 lectures. Then, the videos kept getting unclear and outdated. The assignment is not engaging. My interest dropped. The videos really need updates!neutral
Overall I think the course was good. This course requires you to do a lot of self study and research on every single topic. It only covers the very basic and core topics. I would have liked it to have more hands on or practical examples.neutral
While this course is interesting and informative, I was hoping that there would be a larger portion dedicated to jobs, industries, and ideas that help make the world a better place. I was hoping that by the end of this course, I would have learned about many more options on how to act now, today, as opposed to such a strong emphasis on the origin and meaning of ethics.neutral
Previous courses in this series was better. This iteration is very "paint-by-numbers", much of the material, conclusions, format, is already prepared in advance.neutral
The course provides a concise overview of the disorder and suggests some strategies to cope with it at home and in school. I found it a bit too short and too simple.neutral
It's not professional as that one created by Penn Uni. Named "Pay attention " which is unavailable now and I don't understand why has it been removed from Coursera?!!neutral
Some content on quizzes wasn't covered in the videosneutral
I am working as an organisational consultant and thought this would add some knowledge - however it is really difficult to follow because it seems repetitive to me... I have paid for the certificate and still it is difficult for me to focus. It seems there is too much information and too much talk for things that are easily understood and do not need all this going over and over again. I got bored by the time I got to week 3 and it is seems impossible to stay focused and complete all assignments. I hope this changes in my third and last chance to get the certificate...neutral
I rated this as a 3 though I got a lot more out of the concepts and the class in the way it was taught than I had when reading books and literature on the subject. I would have wanted more discussions with cohorts taking the class to help cement the practices by virtue of seeing it from other perspectives in different work environments. I can imagine the same class with a moderator and someone facilitating the discussions would get me to the 5 rating. In a nutshell the content is great the experience of the class could be at a higher level then what I experienced.neutral
Despite the material being interesting the instructor's way of teaching it made it boring and hard to pay attentionneutral
Well structured courseCourse material download as a summary would be great (PPT/PDF)neutral
decent course overall, but problem solutions are much missed. even after completing the course perfectly i'm still not sure how I got some answers.for example: "approximate f^(72)(0) of cos(x^3). I figured the way to solve it, but I hove no idea why it is solved that way.neutral
The effort put for explanation by Dr. Fowler is extraordinary. However the course needs to show more of the 'connection between steps' when stating a theorem for convergence tests.This current version of calculus is a bit disappointing, earlier the practice problems were solved in steps.neutral
Lots of random details that the professor seems to have missed make the course difficult because you end up spending hours debugging random, irrelevant things.neutral
During this course I had many issues with bower and version conflicts. I do everything step by step like in the video, and nothing works. I look at error log and realize there is some issue with versions. =\It would be really nice if you explained how to deal with it, instead of making me waste hours of my time on googling this stuff. It almost made me quit using bower forever.neutral
Overall pretty good, but I think maybe the course ought to be extended a week or so to really take time and look at descriptions of the tasks run in the task runners. The angular content is pretty good and helpful, though.neutral
Should update to Angular 2, or at least revise some exercises to include code for Angular 1.6.. and keep track properly of when gulpfile should be updated!neutral
Exercise sources are not up to date, I have come across many problems.neutral
Definitely Not for young new front end learners .Lots of things difficult to understand.neutral
This was a hard course and many of the exercises did not have enough details to complete the assignments on time. I had to rely on course forums and a lot of googling to finish the course successfully.neutral
Many errors appeared doing exercises, material needs to be updated - many node modules already deprecated. Also it'll be better if teacher more clarify all the actions he doing. Sometimes he did something not clear and there was no answer what is happening and why in this way.neutral
This course is not for javascript beginners. You should come in with solid understanding of the language - probably more than you would get from the first two courses of this program.neutral
A bit outdated now, however it is still a good resource to get started.neutral
it is good , but some items needs to be illustrated in more details , a great thing of this course is that it gives a lot of practice exercisesneutral
I am a bit disappointed by this course. I was expecting a more fast paced course with more information regarding Angular. Unfortunately in the videos there is a lot of time spent on unnecessary details and reading out loud the source code. The exercises are quite basic and they did not pose real challenges - except for errors coming from mismatched packages or mistakes in configuration files. Also I think that the level of support provided by the mentors of this course is lacking. Mentors are quite absent and very late in providing any help in the forums so the students have to kind of counsel one another - that is sometimes good but a proper class also requires a good level of supervision.All in all I think this is an OK course that is mostly geared to the uninitiated. It needs some serious work to make it a great course.neutral
The course was just fine. Some of the lectures were really good while some lectures were really confusing. The good thing is that course provides excellent resources for further exploring the topics in the course. So i had to consult these additional resources when i find lectures confusing.Course Assignments were really simple. Hardly any assignment took me more than an hour to complete.neutral
Overall the course is very good but it gets trickier the further you go, specially if you have no experience in this area whatsoever... Take it from someone who's first contact with Web Development was the first course in this Specialization: "HTML, CSS & JavaScript". My advice to students in a similar situation is to look for other sources of information as well and try to experiment with your code as the lessons go by so you can really grasp the meaning of the pieces of code you're writing. Eventually, they'll start to make sense :-)neutral
Everything is explained in a big rush. Very hard to get starting from the second weekneutral
A massive amount of content to cover, some of it quite advanced.The exercises become fraught if your code is out of sync with the tutor's code. Things won't work, you won't know why, and there's no real recovery from that.neutral
A whole lot of information to absorb, that I will definitely agree with! If there was anything I wish went into more detail, there would be two things.1) Yo / Yeoman: This part of the course was more of an "Obligatory" lecture, just to say it's mentioned. I watched that one video many times over, but still ended up going to YouTube for actual "training" on the ins and outs. I know time is constrained in MOOC's and you don't get the full load of knowledge you would in a traditional school. However, my thoughts are that either give us an exercise so we can at least have that as experience in using it, or just remove it completely. The lecture was put together as a sort of "Follow Along", but it really felt rushed and more of an "Obligatory" thing than an actual lesson.2) Give us more detail on the difference between Services and Factories. Keep in mind that I still have Multi-Platform Mobile App Development, and Server Side Development with Node.js still to go, so I don't know if these are explained more in those courses. As it stands right now, I -still- don't know the difference between a factory and a service, or even what a provider is. When should I use a factory? When should I use a service? Which is better suited for what task? All those questions I do not have an answer for after this course, which feels a bit short for me.neutral
This course is deceivingly full of content. If you want to get through this course you need to have a lot of time on your hands because of the shear amount of debugs your code will produce even if you follow the steps to the letter. So many things are taught over a 4 week period that if you do not do the extra reading to understand what is happening you will get an overview of angularjs, bower, gulp, grunt, yo, yeoman and so on without really knowing how to use any of these tools again. Also because of the number of interdependent parts to the application you create, when the professor decides to give you one of the html or js files again to do an assignment, chances are everything will break and you will spend a long time figuring out which variables' names have been changed and blabla...The professor does not give you a good basis for debugging your code, you need to modify the set up of gulp to show understandable stack traces to figure out what is going wrong.If you want a challenging course where you have to go the extra mile learning things from documentation and blogs to substitute the lack of detail in order to complete the course, than this is the course for you!I think this course needs to be restructured and the length increased to 6 weeks instead of 4, with more detailed content and understand of each tool and especially more on angularjsneutral
Pity that people had to spend more time on making the plugins work than actually doing the exercises/assignments but good content nonetheless.neutral
This course is good only for newbies and very high-level. No advanced info about Angrular. No tricks. No info about custom directives, $watch, digest cycle, etc. I had expected more detailed courseneutral
steps for exercises are not clear.neutral
Although a good introduction course, sometime is focus on javascript tools rather than on AngularJS itself which, in hand, looses time and doesn't explain/give examples on how to create directives and filters, which are two core functionalities of this framework.neutral
Amount of AngularJS topics covered by the course is too small. All assignments are very typical, just copy-paste from lecture exercises.neutral
I was able to grasp the overview of the course. The instructions are delivered well and the flow seems in order. However my lack of background with the topic discussed cause me to stop watching everything. Plus, I can't do the said assignment because I am a beginning on this topic. it seems this is not a course for me to rate based on content. However I will rate it in terms of the aesthetic, organization or structure of the slides .The organization of the content of the slides needs to be properly organized. Long paragraphs are a pain to read. Further when comparing, two concepts, it is easier to comprehend when they are in table form. For instance in FrontEnd JavaScript Framework Overview video, it is better in terms of organization and aesthetic to show library vs. framework in table form.Also, the volume of Introduction to AngularJS video is too loud. Though I can adjust it and lower the volume, but sudden high volume sound is discouraging when the next video has normal volume causing me to adjust it again.I was only able to watch few of the videos but they are good. Just a little improvement needed.neutral
So So.Not good to learn an algorithmneutral
The last 2 lessons did not have much content. Particularly there was no practical assessment on traveling salesmanneutral
The first 3 weeks are really good, 5 stars. Weeks 4 and 5 are way too light. Week 4 has no programming assignment and a short class and 5 has a weak programming assignment and no class.neutral
Introduction to data structures. It wastes a week talking about theoretical complexity when it could have been used for something more productive.neutral
learning graph with Java while reviewing varieties of java advanced data structure. in a word, help me a lot.neutral
There is not enough background information, no reading assignments. This makes the course less understandable. Also, the examples given not related to the stated assignmentneutral
Compared to the previous 2 courses, this one seemed to have been made in rush. Not enough materials covered, nor enough Java practice opportunity. The course title is misleading because it does not cover any other data structures but graph.neutral
Felt like it was a bit rushed and some of these concepts like Dijkstra definitely deserve a lot more attention.neutral
Not really related to the specialization.neutral
I liked pretty this course. I learnt some useful skills and tactics in order to develop a negotiation. As a negative point, I found lack of examples so that understand better the theoretical issues as well as to remember better.neutral
Generally a good course about the very basics of hardware. It also has a nice introduction to the very basics of C Programming.neutral
This is a good introduction course. But!But, I don't think it's worth to pay 61 dollar for a couple of hours of lectures, that you can finish during 1 day.I'm really disappointed with the fact, that it's not possible to go through quizes and assignments without payment. What if I can't pay right now, but will be able to pay at the end to receive my certificate? I should go through the course again and I will be late for all assignments, so will have to wait for another course session... Very-very inconvenient.And, yep, coursera reduce the effect of learning with not providing quizes for those who are auditing only.neutral
Basic progamimg understanding / interacting with Arduinoneutral
The professor seems pretty nice and the class is great but even quizzes/answers and assignments are only available for paymentneutral
Prefer more challenging course on this topic.neutral
It can be nice to walk through this process with a lecturer. Ian Harris does it well and knows the content well enough.Most of this content however is given sufficiently in the pamphlet with the Arduino Uno Starter Kit. Some problems and applications above and beyond the starter kit's intro guide would be nice and appropriate for the course. Additionally, given that this is also supposed to be an intro to C, a bit more detail and some programmatic problem solving in C would have also added good value to the course.neutral
Very basic overview of the Arduino system. Was expecting to be a bit more comprehensive. However, the final module is worthwhile, even if you know a little arduino programming.This course is baby steps to Arduino programming.neutral
More detailed insight of topics is required is what I felt. On the whole a great resource to the student community who want to start their microcontroller exploration through Arduino.neutral
Good , but not very detailed for programming the Arduinoneutral
The interface of the classes is too straight, not very flexible. It almost looks like a real classroom, which isn't good in case we're at home learning by ourselves. Still, it has a very good content.neutral
This great course and greate insturactorneutral
not a great amount of contentneutral
It was good but according to me it had a paucity of arduino programming for which i enrolled . However it was still helpful and i enjoyed it .neutral
i expected it to be more advanced.neutral
On one hand - basics. On the other, you may be lost in the last part of the course. You don't need to understand to complete assigements, but netherless - it's hard to understand if you do not have experience in embedded systems topicneutral
As I was taking this class, I often wondered who the target audience was. Although the class has no listed prerequisites, I noticed a lot of engineering jargon being used without ever defining what it meant. I'm not sure that non-technical people would get much out of the lectures. On the other hand, the lectures were mostly at a superficial level, so I'm not sure that technical people would get much out of them either. The only topic that got a (somewhat) deep dive was serial communication, and it wasn't clear why; users of the Arduino don't need to understand it any more or less than any other aspect of how an Arduino works.There were other issues. The programs we wrote had to be pasted into a submission form that removed all the carriage returns when you hit Save; I had to manually fix my program each time. Perhaps most frustratingly, you could follow the assignment instructions to the letter, but after you submitted you might find out that the grading criteria included other requirements. In one case people asked about it, and it turned out that the grading criteria were wrong, but they were never updated. My sense was that not much effort went into the creation of this course.neutral
No practical at least till the end of this course in this specializationneutral
expected more programs to be taught and more experiments to be shown, disappointingneutral
This class gets very math and theory heavy, so I would not recommend it for those looking for programming practice with the algorithms/programming approaches presented in this class. If you want thorough theoretical background information, this class would be a better fit.The use of RNA secondary structure alignment as an example of dynamic programming implementation is overkill. There are much simpler ways to introduce dynamic programming.neutral
This course has amazing information in the lectures, but it is difficult in the video lectures to pick out what bits of information are going to be relevant in the quizzes, you will have to re-take quizzes a number of times, no matter how well you are taking notes. Also the very last section is entirely made of a rushed-maths lesson, and a quiz based on that rushed maths lesson that is VERY difficult. I would highly recommend this for anyone who already knows basic Astronomy Math, and caution anyone who doesn't.neutral
interesting course but you cant do the tests if you didnt pay money (any tasts)neutral
It is a very interesting course.The tasks are achievable and easy to follow.I do not understand how your final qualification depends on an activity qualified by fellow students, many of them, as the instructions read, are not fluent in English. How can they evaluate an activity written in such?neutral
WIsh there were more assignments. The final project was the only assignment in the course. Object-oriented programming in R requires more than a single assignment to grasp- even at a superficial level.neutral
To complete this course you have to go back and forth for the basic. Also the final assignment is bit ambiguous, more clarity is required.neutral
This course has a very clear goal. However, the implementation of this goal needs significant improvement. The first three modules were very easy to master. However, the last module was disproportionately difficult, making it unreasonable for learners.neutral
The ideas are good, but I dislike the presentation. It's hard to read the screen and quotes when they're only on the screen for a few moments. Lengthy lists are presented, however, I need to pause the video if I want to know anything that's on the list beyond the first two points. These are often the only points explained. If one is only concerned with the spoken word, then you'll gather an okay amount of information.neutral
Great as an introduction for many things but, unfortunately, it is not possible to keep on developing the themes presented on the lectures because there is no access to the sources used. Without a functional bibliography for the course, the full potential for learning of those enroled is tragically cut.neutral
I wish this course was more focused on building and analyzing data in excel. It feels like it's more focused on financial measurements and probability, it hasn't related to my line of work yet.neutral
Good Course, but final project asks a lot for what this course isneutral
Leve of difficulty was above my expectations. Moved too fast. Could have been more thorough in applying the content to examples similar to the quiz. Seemed to stick to the bare minimum of what would be required before moving to the quiz. Be transparent with future prospective students that this course absolutely requires knowledge of calculus, probability, and statistics.neutral
Good material but short explanation and no detail exercises and solution practices before the final test makes the test a bite hard to resolve.neutral
Though at the start of the program indicates no prerequisite I would suggest that you be familiar with Algebra and Stats. Most videos are of Dr. Egger writing out algebraic equations and discussing them, the excel component of Mastering data in excel come via pre-made calculators as attachments that you for the most part need to figure out on your own.If you do not have a good comfort level with stats then you will require more time to spend on understanding the spreadsheet and it’s use.It would be fantastic if Dr Egger could go through the spreadsheets as a part of the video and show a couple examples, hopefully revisions down the road !It was challenging but not impossible, and if you do not challenge yourself how much are you really learning?Best of luck!neutral
Course only drilled down on specific aspects of excel that were inclined to regression analysis which is just one aspect used in business analysisneutral
nice syllabus overall with great exercises.wish it would teach more commonly used excel skills in business e.g. pivot tables, index-match, vlookup etc.lectures were a bit hard to follow (esp the mathy ones) - i'd suggest reworking the blackboard craftneutral
Very hard to comprehend for 6 weeks. But could have been great.neutral
Not so good. The course explains mathematical models and Excel applications but both are not detailed. There are many mistakes in PPTs and assignments.neutral
Getting more theoretical and less practical application on Excel application. Advanced Data interpretation and solving methods information can be included.neutral
The second test should be compulsory for also the non-paying students!neutral
The instructor should spend more time putting equations and concepts into concept, and tying them together. It often felt like values and questions were arbitrary. This is less about master data analysis in Excel, and more about gaining ground in a few key concepts, so the title is misleading as well.neutral
This course is very challenging. I may not have had the proper background in mathematics to full absorb the material. Similarly I may have to busy of a lifestyle to have properly focused on this class.neutral
It's more statistics than Excel itself, wich is good but I think the name doesn't fit to itneutral
inclination was more towards concept than excelneutral
The order and content of the lessons wasn't planned with sufficient care.neutral
Quiz does not require hands-on experience of creating templates but rather simply plugging in numbers. Students may forget most of the content after finishing the quiz.neutral
could have lecture more.... the videos talks little about the spreadsheet providedneutral
It's too advanced for people with no experience in statistics and sometimes too abstract to relate withneutral
Not so comfortable with using Excel.neutral
It was an interesting course.neutral
The Course is fine, explanations and videos are a bit hard to follow at times.The final assessment is in my opinion very bad, as it i appears to me quite unrelated to the course it self. The lectures are quite abstract and the exam is a practical application of the concept.The instructions of the course also aren't very good as you need to do each part of the final project at the end of each week.I would strongly suggest to not take this course unless you have many spare hours.neutral
This course has a lot to do with math and statistics and I find it really hard to follow especially when it comes to the final project.neutral
It was hard to follow along with the lessons, because it was mainly present in formulas. More examples might help students relate the information better.neutral
This quickly became a statistics course, which although important was really difficult for me as I went in not expecting it.However, Dr. Egger is incredible! I think he's a fantastic and well-versed instructor in the Data & Analytics realm and am eager to find ways I can use what I've learned into practice at work.neutral
The class has great concept but it needs a bit more structure and change to hit its full potential.The Good:-The spreadsheets and exercises along with Quiz material. The project was also very informative.The Bad:- The video need to better explain how Area Under Curve and how the Credit model make sense. It was not very intuitive and I struggled for over 2 weeks to put the Project together due to this gap.But a worthwhile class with great potential. I am glad I took it.neutral
Not enough practices for the unexperienced students.neutral
The attendants might already have a good foundation of econometric and probability statistics before taking this course. Some definitions might be difficult to understand especially how it would be applied in real life.neutral
Way too theoretical. This is Excel, not Information Theory....neutral
The importance of this course is huge. However, I did miss better explanation from some topics...neutral
This course did not live up to its potential.The course should be retitled as an "Intro to Statistics" not learning functions and visualizations on excel.I still have three stars because I at least picked up some useful concepts from it.neutral
This course was over my head academically and I was able to glean very little from it.neutral
Not so relevant with real work.neutral
Great class, however I felt it was very heavy on statistics and math concepts versus how to use Excel for data analysis. I would've liked to see some strategies on how to analyze large datasets, look for trends, and clean up bad data.neutral
good, but no material and lack of structureneutral
It's quite interesting, but definitely not a beginners one. I'm put off quite a bit by the exclusively financial examplesneutral
I would like to have more example, it feels there is mostly theory. The quizzes were super easy, I dropped out at final project, I couldn't get through the first questions. The course (and especially the final project) requires a good basis in statistics beforehand.The assistants are super helpful and patient.neutral
still needs a better way of explaining the diversity of the courseneutral
after the second week I droped this course...I thought it will include excel and economics knowledge but was very wrong..neutral
This course is good, but I feel it's too difficult. It would be good to suggest 'optional' prerequisite course if there is any. Thanks Dr. Egger.neutral
The later part of the sessions lacks practical applicability and it is more abstract, that I find difficult to relateneutral
Course contents are rather deep which is good and makes it challenging. Explanations could be better and there should be more content on some topics for better understanding. Someone with background in statistics would find this course more useful than on who only has basic knowledge of statistics. Nevertheless, it inspired me to learn from other sources to fill the gaps in my understanding.neutral
The course gives you interesting analysis tools, but the title suggests you are going to learn new Excel tools, and you actually use it at a very low level.neutral
The whole course has very little about excel, rather about aweful a lot of data models. The course title is very misleading.neutral
They have a lot of good material. It will probably be better the second time around.neutral
Good intro and fundamentals, but focuses far too much on finance.neutral
Really interesting course and material and a very good instructor. This would be a 5 stars course if it wasn't for the final project. During lessons some concepts of statistics were taken as known (which is okay). However the final project required to utilize a combination of all new learned material on a whole different level of difficulty compared to the preceding quizzes. I did not expect that jump in difficulty and enjoyed the course a lot but the final project just was a struggle.neutral
it is too complicated for me this courese, not very useful for daily work. but anyway ineutral
The course has some valuable information, however course materials and videos are not so helpful. If you already have some knowledge about statistics and excel, it will be a lot easier to follow the instructor's lectures, otherwise I don't feel how a beginner could really follow up on this course. Some topics are run through so quickly that they are confusing to students.neutral
Good course, gently showing an introduction. Had the playspeed at 1.25x the entire time though, otherwise they talked too slow.neutral
Very interesting material and well explained, but videos are quite plain - borderline boring.neutral
Thanks for providing lots of interesting materials! As for me, i would prefer having more advanced tests and tasks as the given ones did not really help me remember the materials. I would also appreciate having some additional materials on the brain areas in this course, since this area was completely new to me.neutral
The course content was very interesting, however, the way it was presented was very dull and monotonous. The script was great - very insightful and informative, but having the presenter talk for the whole lecture without more frequent use of diagrams, figures, etc. to help understand the concepts is not helpful and incomprehensible to me. Specially when it comes to a course with so much geographical content, it would be good to have a more consistent depiction of maps. Furthermore, with all the new concepts, visual aid would help students understand what things are and what they look like since the backgrounds chosen for the lectures have little or nothing to do with the course whatsoever.On the other hand, I do think that the questions throughout the videos are extremely useful as they (usually) tackle problems that were not mentioned previously and gets the student to think independently. Finally, the end of lesson tests always have one or two challenging questions which is great. This course has a 5 star potential, so I hope the reviews are being read so they can work towards that goal!neutral
There is a very technical portion to this class making it difficult for the neophyte to truly understand and explain course content.neutral
I am new to statistics and found most of the lessons difficult to understand, although I did pass the course and had taken the first two courses of the specialization before. More exercises would help. Also I do not plan on using R in the future so this part of the course was not very relevant to me, but it was not the hardest.neutral
The course has fun illustrations and a high quality of production, but the lessons themselves don't dive very deep. Ideas are introduced but not considered in depth. One such example is variance. We get the equations but not much insight into what it is a measure of and it's value. Additionally, and this might just be me, but the experiments used to illustrate examples at times are difficult to understand.neutral
Course material is not enough, you need to also refer at least one reference book as well.neutral
2 Stars less because they should have included R video tutorialsneutral
I have started this course again and again. Although the lectures themselves are clear enough, the quizzes are sometime so confusing and don't reflect the way that topic was taught. The worst part is R lab. I understand nothing of it. It makes no sense. I should not be part of a basic statistics course. I have wasted my money on a specialization that I can't get because I will not, and simply cannot learn R. They should have made that clear this would involve programming. I am only now thinking of learning from the videos but have given up the hope of getting a specialization certificate.The instructor in the first two session was still engaging, but starting in the third lesson the instructor is so boring and his voice makes me drowsy. Plus his sentences are so long and confusing. He has a horrible way to explain something. They need to keep in mind this is BASIC statistics, so cut down on the jargon. He does introduce the terms in 3.01 but just after one video the words don't magically sit in my memory.I've given 3 stars because although I have to work double hard just to make sense of what the instructor says by reading a book on basic statistics, at least the videos provide a structure, good examples and after watching them a few times things become clear.neutral
some of the videos were outstanding and easy to understand. Need more handholding for understanding of concepts and review/explanation of the quiz results will reinforce learning further.neutral
The cartoons and animations used in this course really make statistics a lot easier and interesting. However few modules especially the later part of probability do not explain the concepts thoroughly. However, this is a great place to start!Also, the addition of R exercises are a great ideaneutral
I think the notes given after the lectures should contain the formula the students need. Also the quizes should show the correct answers once you completed them, if not you cant figure out why the questions are wrong.neutral
Overall this course has some valuable information. Although, I found the pace was a bit fast, only covered enough to get by, not gradually building up to a point. Each assignment or lab you first have to struggle figuring out the skeleton code where they could have provided a bit more comments, tips and guidance. I would recommend this course for someone that at least have a basic Java or programming background. Not for complete new developers.neutral
There are no lectures on Services, and Content Providers which are two key components of the Android system. It really disappointed me.neutral
After 3 great courses in this specialization, this one was disappointing. The content just isn't explained well in the videos. The Labs were fine. I'm sorry but the course seemed rushed, and it isn't great marketing for the Bayesian approach. As a consequence, I am now not sure if I want to do the capstone......neutral
Good course, but need more details.neutral
I found some of the instructional videos a bit confusing. It was difficult to understand the underlying methodology of some of the concepts explained. I believe the instructors assumed the students had a more rigorous understanding of the underlying calculus than was suggested for this course.neutral
A bit boring, but still informative.neutral
There is no discussion forum. There are some concepts made me confused and I want to discuss with some other classmates. Another thing is there almost has no example, teacher just say the principles. I think one or two example for a principle may make some concepts more clear and can be understood easier.neutral
Thanks to this course, i am now understanding the principle and methodology of phylogeneticsneutral
This course is nice but very lengthy videos and at one points i didn't understand some topics , quiz are pretty tough to solve .neutral
The submission system for submitting assignments in most of the cases does not work.neutral
It was a good Mooc, but I think it should imply many more examples to be made by the own students along the course. I really liked the previous one (Java for Android) and of course I´m going to finish the rest of courses. It´s worth it. On the other hand, examples are good and explanations properly presented. Good... but not as good as the previous.neutral
There is a lot of good information in the course about how different components communicate with each other in android; however, there is way too much information way too fast. I really enjoyed the rhythm in the first course but, this course left me lost more times than not. Its a great course if you plan on spending large amounts of time searching the web for other resources to complete the optional assignmentsneutral
Overall it is OK, but the example framework is more like created for teach purpose which is not practical in industry. Moreover, it seems there are many incorrect part in the assignment especially optional code assignments.neutral
1 professor just did not make sense to me. do not just read out the pseudo code but instead try to visually show whats happening step by step with arrows and calculations from scratchneutral
Lectures are very confusing. Instructors should use white boarding to explain codes. Difficult to follow them.neutral
The materials covered are not enough to fully explore the topics. Should include much more detailed explanations especially when explaining some of the complex algorithms.neutral
This course covers important aspects of techniques used to solve popular problems. But it misses to cover introductory points in some modules (i.e: dynamic programming module) as well as the accent of some instructors isn't clear enough.neutral
I really had a hard time understanding Dynamic Programming. I recoomend to remove this topic and focus more on solidifying foundations so that students can be more prepared for moving through the whole Algorithm Courses. I never heard of this topic before and the lecturer ommited many steps when explaining the Edit Distance. I was forced to look for other resources like Open Courseware Algorithms course, and this is how could understand what was dynamic programming easily. Hope this helps!neutral
Homework was very nice, but strong accent of lecturers impeded meneutral
A little light on the theoryneutral
I had already done "Algorithms: Design and Analysis Part 1", so this course was not as good as that one.This course had lot of programming questions, which I find very good to have for any course. I just hope next courses of the specialization will be beneficial for my career.neutral
Overall is good course with many exercises, forum is supportive, however mentors/instructors never answered my questions (i guessed they bothered only with the very first session when course was launched) Language is sometimes overly complicated and hard to grasp the main principles of the algorithm (e.g. dynamic programming week 5) I watched youtube to understand same ideas but explained in much simpler way.neutral
The problem sets are great and probably worth the price, but the lectures become very hard to follow after week 3 and the discussion forums are very disorganized - it's hard to find useful information. Some of the lectures have slides available, some don't; some of the lectures have somewhat-useful subtitles/transcripts, others have incomprehensible garbled messes (I don't know if they're machine-generated or just transcribed by someone with no understanding of the material/vocabulary - logarithm != algorithm!).I really like the problem sets, but some of the lectures are pretty rough, just a guy talking in front of some pseudocode for 10 minutes. The instructors seem friendly and engaging, though.neutral
I agree with some of the reviews here. It's fantastic at the beginning of the course. Towards the end, unfortunately the professor's accent is heavy and sometimes difficult to understand. The subtitles don't help either because they were auto-generated. My brain had to take extra cognitive workload to decipher what was actually said before trying to understand the materials on the slides and everything else. I also didn't like the way index 0 and 1 is mixed in different lectures. Why shouldn't we stay consistent in pseudocode using index starting with either 0 or 1? The slides are confusing regarding this matter especially when you translate algorithms into code.Nonetheless, I liked the assignments overall. The course's instructors included some of very interesting problems and indeed helped understand the lessons better. I also liked the course structure and the carefully prepared slides.neutral
It was nice, considering the messages and the amount of time. However, participation and feedback by others was really limited.neutral
descriptions was not enough for me, the BMC concepts could be more elaborated by giving examples and explaining different types of businesses.neutral
Still waiting for my assignment grades for weeks 1-3 despite having had many people mark these.neutral
short, effective and precise, contain all necessary for a initial learner about Business Model Canvas. In my case, I am an intermediate learner, so it was not enough.neutral
If you are new in the learning of business model generation is a choice to start with. But if you already have some experiencie this course is very very basic.neutral
The course is pretty good for a beginner.But it emphasis too much on using third party authoring tools and proper coding is not implemented.The required code is auto-generated and we as learners are only asked to make few changes on the already existing code.neutral
Well the course is reasonably well organized the material is in great detail exceeding what I would've thought the overview concept of big history would be. Other big history courses I've taken do not go into specific date and time detail, period by period But function more in terms of how preceding events may be causative for future events (more like a butterfly effect analysis over long periods of time).If you are looking for more detailed specific history than this course is useful. If you are looking for more of the big history overview concept this may not be the best course for you.neutral
Excellent lecturers and high-quality material to study, although the course is heavily centered on human History as opposed to Big History - i.e. early Universe and its development over a time span of billions of years.neutral
The history of the universe, mainkind and the future in 6 weeks. A very short introduction but a good ideaneutral
This course took me three months of several hours of work a week to complete. While I definitely learned a lot during that process, it would have been really helpful to have more active instructor engagement and feedback (although I realize that this may not be possible when an official course session is not in progress, which is when the bulk of my work for this course took place).I also think many of the problem statements could have been more clearly defined. For example, I spent a lot of time on the "Bubble detection" problem constructing graphs that allowed for multiple edges between two nodes, when it turned out that in order to pass I did not need to implement this.That being said, I've learned a lot from the courses in this specialization, and thanks for the work put into it!neutral
The problems are interesting, the course is great. However, the problem sets in this programming challenge are often not so well-defined, which makes it really difficult to solve (especially the dataset problem). The solution of the problems usually turns out to be quite simple, but is not applicable to a large set of problems, only to the particular dataset that is given (and the characteristics of this dataset is not given; so I end up thinking about all possibilities that might occur for that dataset, which makes the problem more difficult).The examples given in the problem set are also not sufficient to describe the characteristics of the problem clearly.However, I really appreciate the whole courses, and I think it has been a great experience to go through the courses! Thank you very much!neutral
very difficult course if you are new to R. Otherwise an okay courseneutral
The quizzes were engaging but i think it requires some knowledge in use R for data science. Though i learned a lot. Thanks again.neutral
There is not support in the forumneutral
The teacher explains concepts very well. Really worth the time to go over the lectures several times.The programming assignments however lack instructions and the online judgement system has some strange requests which are not illustrated in the instruction. You have to guess what the assignment is about each time.Overall very good lectures but poor assignments.neutral
So easy~But the teacher is well！neutral
I missed information about behaviour in wild and domestic animals and also, some of the papers that you recomend are not for free, so some of us can't acces to that information.neutral
Good but can be long due to accompany materialneutral
Very interesting course, although lacks course notes. The final test (week 5) had a few questions which weren't covered in the lesson.neutral
good cource but its medical content about how to treat disease is low and needed to be moreand clinical cases is low alsobut another topics is very goodneutral
Course is mostly theoretical. So far it's difficult to say anything about its practical implications and usefulness. It's my first course on Coursera, so I can't compare. But I think sometimes it lacks a bit clarity, especially considering lecturer's English and bad quality of subtitles which sometimes do not match real lecturer's words. Anyway it was interesting and now I'm really intrigued about how I can apply this new knowledge to real everyday development tasks. Most probably I will try following courses in the specialization. Thanks a lot to authors!neutral
Thank you so much for the interesting course. My thesis in master was on Antibacterials and (and more subjects) I am much interested in Microbiology. I am going to continue my PhD in Microbiology and this course was a kind of review for me with some new details. Especially ResFinder was really interesting to me. Thank you so much for the class.neutral
The course is really interesting and I found it really useful. However, there are lots of repetitive lectures and I think they could be grouped and summarized or even expanded for topics avoiding the repetitions.neutral
excellent for me and my carrierneutral
I loved the first three weeks for the really well presented background information. Weeks 4 and 5 did not give me any further interesting knowledge. I also missed lectures on qPCR, NGS and other molecular methods for the detection of antibiotic resistance genes, as these methods are up and coming. Overall, thank you for setting up this courseneutral
lectures are too long, it lacks clinical correlation.the course focus only technical lab issues, when you look for antimicrobial resistance course, the last thing that you need is tech theory. Of course that some concepts are needed in order to provide fundamental basis, but the main goal is and always will be how to interpret antibiograms and infere the most probable mechanism of resistance. So there is a need for clinical correlation. If its not present, the course should be entitled "Laboratory methods for antimicrobial resistance"neutral
It was much more complete, diverse and time-consuming than expected. The quality of the teachings was inequal in my humble opinion. I found Pr.Germano a bit stiff in his teaching and it was very hard for me to follow his classes. Other teachers were great though.neutral
The course is supposed to be very informative. It is in fact. But after I spend hours raising my intellectual level trying to understand what they're talking about, I still have no idea what is the purpose of the meditation.Or rather I have it, but from another source, from a person who's been practicing it for 20 years. In 10 minutes I was given a crystal clear and logical answer on what is was all about. Unfortunately this course doesn't give this answer. It will rather improve your skill of understanding highly intellectual texts and will show you some interesting stuff about the brain.neutral
Good overview of buddhist meditationneutral
Learned a lot and already integrated daily meditation into my life.neutral
I have to admit that the professors know the topic and are conducting amazing research, but the course was dry and terribly designed. The videos are too long, without quizzes or activities to break the long dry monologues. They also talk like robots and one gets lost really fast. I have taken many courses in coursera with long and short videos, with boring and engaging teachers but this is by far the worse. They are trying to show off so much information and in such a high level language (to most), that it makes it incredibly boring. I should add that I have studied Buddhism, and there are so many better ways to provide people an opportunity to come into contact with this beautiful topic.neutral
The faculty of this course represent a wonderful assembly of knowledge and experience. But the course was not well organized, and the emphasis on fine teaching that I have found in most Coursera courses was not present.neutral
I didn't like the main lecturer of the course. I believe his is smart and everything but for me as non-native english speaker I found the way he speaks is extremely hard for comprehension.neutral
Great theme for a course, perfect idea, but I had some issues with execution of it. So, these are the issues:neutral
Very informative but not very focused or streamline. The lectures on brain plasticity and such I found largely irrelevant to the subject matter. Maybe an attempt to make the lectures a little less 'wordy'. I know this is Buddhism which is notoriously filled with concepts and long winded explanations but I think a lot of viewers could lose interest. I enjoy the course but I already have a great deal of familiarity with Buddhism. I was a Vajrayana practitioner for three years. Maybe a course focused more on Shakyamuni and the basics of Buddhist teaching along with a few courses familiarizing listeners to terms might be useful as a preliminary to the following courses.neutral
Some lectures are presented in very flat boring to follow manner. Though neuroscience part is presented brilliantly and makes it totally worth.neutral
The positive.What a wealth of material! This is a very worthy attempt to integrate the history, philosophical underpinnings and modern transformations of Tibetan Buddhist meditation.Clifford Saron’s Week 2 lectures on neuroscience and neuroplasticity were fascinating and intriguing introductions to the topic - very engaging.The negative.Too academic for an introductory course. David Germano’s lectures are full of information but he doesn’t help the learner to make sense of it. His ‘academic speak’ obfuscates meaning rather than making it accessible. More diagrammatic slides at the start would give learners a framework of the overarching concepts.Because of the many perspectives presented each week, this course needs A LOT of time. I personally would have leaned better if the course were broken into smaller weekly segments.neutral
(I posted this review in a blog [https://guhyasamajacenter.wordpress.com/2015/10/03/review-of-the-free-coursera-tibetan-buddhist-meditation-and-the-modern-world-lesser-vehicle-course-given-by-uva/]. Much of the courseware was outstanding. Many of the videos were so poorly done (boring) that I couldn't watch them. (I do not watch people read prepared text in a video. Ever.)----------- From the blog ----------------------------------I recently took the FREE Coursera course, "Tibetan Buddhist Meditation and the Modern World". (https://www.coursera.org/learn/buddhist-meditation) From the course catalog: " Tibetan Buddhist Meditation and the Modern World explores the immense variety of meditation practices past and present. We present their histories, their philosophical underpinnings, their transformations in the modern global world, and we give you a chance to reflect upon meditation practices through secular contemplations designed just for this course." (Note: In the class overview, it is noted that the term "Lesser Vehicle" is "perjorative" but they use it anyway. ??")There are many FREE reasons to take this FREE "Lesser Vehicle" course (the first of four):#1 - An awesome, wonderful hour-long interview with Sharon Salzberg, one of the founders of the Insight Meditation Society. What an awesome lady. I was not aware that she is also a Dzogchen student. (Did I mention it was FREE?) Worth signing up for the course just to skip to Week 6 to watch this interview.#2 - Guided Meditations by Dr. Anne Klein and Anam Thubten. Very, very, very nice. FREE, it's ALL FREE.#3 - The Science of Mindfulness against the Background of the Scientific Study of Meditation videos with Dr. Clifford Saron, neuroscientist. His videos start in Week 1 and continue through Week 6 in building a basis for understanding the scientific research on meditation. He (and the course) demonstrates what can and cannot (presently) be scientifically proven about meditation. One excellent example: Two trained pianists were told to learn a complicated piece of music, one with the piano, and the other only in his imagination. After 2 weeks (I think) of practice, their brains' MRI patterns exhibited almost the exact same changes. Dr. Saron noted that the results are not definitive but still may have implications for the compassion/bodhicitta meditations we do.#4: An interview on "Buddhist Modernism", with David McMahan. Very much academic-oriented. One statement, in particular, struck me since, the more I think about it, the more I think it might be true: "The Buddhist Tantra teachings are not accepted nor are they popular in the West." For all the Buddhist monastics that visit the USA and the West to grab donations and go back to their home countries, few of them are sticking around to teach complete Tantra classes. The few that do (and do it well) are having a hard time making ends meet. (That's just my opinion, I guess.)There are also short 5-10 minute interviews with Khenpo Tsultrim Lodro (a short "snapshot" of the Tibetan take on the week's particular subject, which was often better (to me) than the 90min-long "talking head" version ) and Ven. Tsoknyi Rinpoche ("How does Buddhism change in a New Culture" and "Benefits and Dangers of Secularing Buddhism", the TB rebuttal, as it were. He did note that motivation is the key. Bad agenda = bad results, good motivation will cause good results.)Have I noted the course is FREE? So you can take the course, and the following courses, without doing any of the assignments/quizzes. Watch (or download) any video or transcript to your heart's content whenever you wish in any order you wish. (That assumes the courses are not taken off-line at a future date.) Further in the course description is a blurb that may point to at least 3 future courses in "Mahāyāna, …Vajrayāna, …and a fourth vehicle, which is explicit in many Tibetan materials, though no standard term ever emerged that was accepted by all sectarian traditions - we will thus term it as the “Natural Vehicle” or “Post Tantra”." If the quality of guided meditations (GM) in following classes are even half the quality of this course's GM's, then that's all the reason I need to continue the future classes, too.Course gotchas:#1. That said (other shoe dropping here), the other half of the course was videos of people reading their prepared academic papers, in monotone or semi-monotone voices. (Transcripts are available. I figure I can read a paper in 5% of the time someone else reads it to me in a video. Ugh.) However, they would probably need the voice of Morgan Freeman, James Earl Jones, B. Cumberbatch or James Spader to keep me awake. To be fair, the content is golden, although the papers seems to be geared to the academic community, rather than the student community. Books and Videos on these subjects are all over Amazon, YouTube, FPMT, Dharma-Documentaries, etc.#2. The Sharon Salzberg (SS), in her interview, brought up an excellent point. She noted that she and a noted clinical psychology (CP) scientist (researcher) (whose name I have forgotten) were at a conference where the issue on the table was that someone was having trouble with "loving kindness" meditation as a first meditation class. SS noted that she would instantly recommend the student change to "calm abiding" meditation whereas the CP could not change that student's meditation technique to another technique (such as calm abiding) as her research findings would then be invalid. Similarly, many of the non-Buddhist guided meditations that I viewed in this course felt like a physical education or "How To" class. Do this. Do that. It did not feel as though they lived the material, just taught it. (Whereas it was patently obvious Dr. Klein & Anam Thubten were definitely "walking the walk", so to speak, so were able to speak from the heart.)Interviews I did not watch, that may be of great interest to others, include meditation in the school system by Tish Jennings, meditation in the Business Community (an interview with David Mick), the Burmese meditation tradition in an interview with Erik Braun, the MBSR (Meditation Based Stress Reduction) with Susan Bauer-Wu, and meditation in the legal community with Rhonda Magee.And all that is just the first course. Many of it's "failings" may just be my karmic opinions. The course is worth checking out and watching/reading/meditating on those parts that interest you. In that respect, the breadth of the course content is quite nice and so well done. Grade: B-.neutral
An interesting class that traces the origins of Buddhist meditation and the Western usage today. A nice dovetailing of research topics covered to attempt to link measurable changes due to meditation practices while trying to maintain a good control group; not easy.neutral
I could barely get the videos to work. The information was great, what I could get to, anyways.neutral
The course is good. I just do not give five stars because we have to pay to atempt pass.neutral
Very interesting course for those who want to fully understand the inner workings of a computer.However, the utilities offered are a bit neglected. Be prepared to fight bugs on your own.neutral
Very interesting but too many informations on a short courseneutral
its a very basic course helps you a lot if . you don't have much background in the feildneutral
Its very informative but not attractive.neutral
The contents of this course will be familiar to anyone who reads popular science books. The course is useful mainly for pulling various strands together, but don't expect much depth.neutral
Helps me a lot understand how to organize knowledge and study better. Thank you very much!neutral
I'm kind of disappointed with this last level. It isn't really what i expected.neutral
Expecting more hands on experience with big data frameworks like Hadoop or Spark. Instructions of the final assignment is very confusing, you don't actually know what it really want you to do until you go through all the Q&As in the discussion forum, which is really wasting time.neutral
Good information overall, but the "peer graded" assignment at the end is poorly designed and seems unnecessarily arbitrary. Not a clear value add over a "final exam" format to justify waiting days for someone to "grade" your work. Instructions for this assignment are poorly written and unclear - for example, completely NOT clear you are asking us to identify a primary key versus stating there is no primary key, etc.neutral
IMHO it's better to reduce the scope but provide more details of key technologies. Final assignment is not well explained.neutral
1. The course is very general and high level introduction.2. During the lectures there are some examples that in some cases are presented as very small images and briefly. I personally could not understand some examples presented in week 5.3. I found the hands-on lectures very helpful. I wish there was more that would delve into more examples in more details.4. The course was very overpriced given the amount of information offered compared to other courses I have taken at coursera.Thanks.neutral
Not Very relevant and detailed as the previous course. The content is not as clear and simple as previous courseneutral
The final test has little to do with the course. You must do extra study to respond.neutral
There has been very few on-hands training. It's still very very at an introductory level. At some points it goes very deep, for example with the vectors for a document, but with the rest stay at a very high level. Open an excel sheet can not be considered training ...neutral
This course offers very useful high level overview of concepts and ideas which make you feel confident in the long run. However, the course is extremely basic and does not go deep beyond the high level concepts. The hands on exercises are boring and do not engage students. The course needs to be improved to make it more useful for students. This course is not very worthy of the money.neutral
The course takes a broad approach to the subject.What I miss: the study material should provide more and better organized (theoretical) information (e.g. on topcis like database design, data structures, etc.)What I like: presenting of current software projects around big dataneutral
I really wish I could give this course more stars, the content is great and well delivered and at a perfect level for someone like me who last worked with big data sets when 20Mb was absolutely enormous and Windows 3.1 was cutting edge technology. But and this seems to run across the whole specialisation, support from the course team varies between very patchy and none at all. Technical questions aren't answered for days if at all.neutral
The level of the exercises and quizzes don't reflect the content of the course.neutral
Reasonably good, but less structured and organized that the first course.I hope the next one will be better on this aspect.neutral
The content of the course is very good, but the definitions and explanations are not straight forward.neutral
Just about okay. Wouldn't recommend to pay for this.neutral
This was my second course of six. It was so theoretical but at the final exam it required so much exercises. I propose enrich the course with exercises and hands onneutral
Peer-graded assignments are bad for multiple reasons. Most important one -- If I'm paying for this course I expect my work will be verified by skilled people, not by other "students".neutral
Although Content quality was good, the content is too much less and could have been easily integrated to first course or other course in specialisation.Secondly Quiz were not challenging ,it was just too easy to pass, and this actually takes away the very reason they were employed in this course.neutral
More practical exercises should be recommended.neutral
A good course taking into account that it does not require previous knowledge. I am giving "only" 3 stars because for a basic (no previous requirements) course I would expect much more additional readings. On the other hand, if you have programming or database experience you will find some topics too "basic".I have liked it more than the first course on the specialization but I would expect more details (I think general topics are well explained).neutral
3.5+ star course. I hope by studying the following courses, contents of this course prove to be more practical.neutral
1*(star) to the professor very difficult to understand the professor many times. Even the subtitles fail sometimes to present what he says. 5*(star) to the content of the course and especially the tool used to explain and learn the BI concepts. I have already recommended the tool to couple of companies.neutral
Difficult to understand the video lectures at time but really useful content. Excellent further reading sections at the end of each module.neutral
this course is great in concept. but the reality was disappointing and will have to improve. the professor gave lots of links to interesting external materials. but his prepared lectures were much briefer and consisted mostly of presenting bullet-point lists. as a result, i found myself studying just to pass the quizes and not to actually enhance my knowledge. :( given the high standard of the other courses in this specialization, i'm sure it will be better next time....neutral
Content of the course is very good, useful and interesting, I greatly appreciate the knowledge delivered. But assignments could improve:-All module assignments seems mostly focalize on using Microstrategy tool. In assignments, i would like to see more exercises so that students learn through practice of business cases. For example, I prefer the way modules are organized in courses 1,2, and 3: concepts with examples, practice exercise, then assignment through similar exercise + a quiz.-In last assignment, there was no suggested solution(s) for the last question, i think this is missing for a good understanding.neutral
I did the free part of the course. It was too simpleI did other free MOOCs that had much more.The videos were like reading a book. The subject is interesting and there's some potential to the practical part of the course.I only did the first 3 weeksneutral
Accurate , but very basic information.neutral
Loved the course, would take a continuation if available. Little basic but with enough info. Great ideas for cooking. Felt it was too based in USA information and some was not really conclusive.neutral
There are some nice cooking tips, but this is targeted to very young students/parents with no cooking experience, and I expected more than general information on food impacts on children.neutral
learned something, but not as much as i expected. hope to add more nutrition knowledge.neutral
After taking a Nordic food diet course where they talked about children's' diets in the Nordic countries and how they were changing the norm, this course covered the basics as to what and why certain foods are good for you. I had been hoping for more complex recipes, but there were some differences to my dishes that I already make which were a nice change.neutral
doens't address the vegan lifestyleneutral
Informative and basic...would have liked to have gone into more detail.neutral
Too simple for what I was looking for. Wanted more detail on specific day-to-day routines/ for weaning from breast milk to solids, including learning the nutritional basis for recommendations. Then also mneutral
A bit american - but I like it!neutral
Too basic. No processed foods.. ok but what else?neutral
Nice and clear course, but the level is not university level...neutral
The course seems like it would benefit parents but does not do much for a nutrition health professional.neutral
Very good place to start for beginners with some scientific information. Easy and quick to do food demonstrations, basic enough that students can build upon them depending on what is available at hand.Some ideas just tend to be redundant throughout the weeks, but I guess that is what she wants to stress on. No to processed food!! :)) I just wish you kept the discussion boards open, so we have a platform to discuss ideas and exchange recipes.neutral
Simplistic. But so easy for anyone to watch and learn. I wish more people would take this course.neutral
Good information, a bit basic though. I would've enjoyed a more in depth course.neutral
It is a really interesting course, it refers to the general public, with smart tips and quick recipies. Also, for those who know nothing about the sience part of lipids, carbohydrates and trace elements, in generall, it constitutes a very informative ''package'' for everyone. There is no specialaization in this kind of coures us I expected, because I am a food technologist, I kwnow most of the parts, but still it is really helpfull and interestin! Verry good job!neutral
Good course for beginners, but those with higher levels of nutrition knowledge will likely: 1. Find it way too easy; 2. Find that the recipes actually contain rather unhealthy ingredients (e.g., always avoid butter--too unhealthy); and 3. Find the lack of vegetarian, vegan, low-carb, and other diet-lifestyles discouraging.neutral
It's good for people who are beginners in cooking.neutral
Child Nutrition and Cooking was a pretty fun and easy course. As a stay at home mom and experience novice cook since childhood this class was more of a recap of basic cooking for me and a nice reminder of nutritional goals and current standards. I enjoyed it for my introduction to Coursera. Unfortunately this course didn't offer offer a certificate or statement of accomplishment in any form at the time I took it. :(neutral
Very basic course, not too challenging to a non-american.neutral
This is a great course for new parents who have no background on child nutrition. For those who are already familiar with basic nutrition, most of this course may be a review for you but there's some good information and facts to take away. I wish the instructor had a little more training/skill in the cooking segments (e.g. basic knife skills she said don't cut your finger but held the knife completely wrong, using the knife to point at different ingredients).neutral
The modules are rampant with bias against "big food," without considering the science. On the other hand, if you take the course as a whole, then yes, the population would be better off if we all followed the suggestions contained in this course than if we continue on our current path for how we consume food. So the general idea is not without merit. However, I would have expected better from a Stanford faculty member. What is being taught should be just the science, without opinions or biases.neutral
Good and clear content. A bit from an American point of view... I missed some in depth explanation (like the class of the nerv-system or the Glycemic index). Overall easy to watch and good lessons.neutral
this course is very useful if you want to learn about something that majority of people(not including me) don't care about, and is based on out-dated info and opinions of a high middle class, house mom. this course is a waste of data. someone get some actual statistics here.neutral
I really enjoy the food preparation and the important facts about our body, about our food intake habits. thank u a lot Maya.neutral
Good overall course, basic and got me interested in cooking again!neutral
Nice course about eating suggestions and good recipesIt could be useful giving details on how making a diet for children, with information about calories they need and so onneutral
It was very challenging. It would be better if a couple of practice exercises were put after the relevant lecture videos and not just after the weekly lecture videos.neutral
discussion thread should be answerable and solution to the test should be available...all other things are good.neutral
Good course if you do not have any idea about Big Data and the technology used.neutral
Was expecting more hands on stuffs, the class is too conceptual. The sound volume of the videos is not consistent, hope Coursera can improve a bit on this.neutral
No technical support is provided for VM issues.neutral
An amazing course to get a brief understading about Big Data, the course needs an improvement in the slides, and additional resources for better understading.neutral
The first week or so feels inconsistent and oversimplified. After that, when you get into the actual content, it gets much better. It then ends on a peer-graded assignment. While the assignment itself is creative and fun to complete, I've never been a fan of peer-graded assignments so early in an introductory course load.neutral
this course need some odifications because of cloudera versionneutral
I'm not sure who the target audience is for this course. The level of presentation seems rudimentary to me. I had a hard time sustaining interest in the course and did not finish.neutral
I little slow to start but the pace picks up nicely. Content is generally easy to follow. Some differences between spoken and voice recognition subtitled text. Practical tests were interesting but not particularly well explained for the MapReduce shapes task, which seemed to leave a few puzzled.neutral
It would be good if more explanation and more examples are demonstrated.neutral
The classes could have been delivered by creating more interest.neutral
The time / usefulness rate of this course is very low. Most of the stuff they teach (at least in introduction) is very basic theory that's presented in not really interesting way.neutral
it's too much basic stuffs.neutral
There should be some reading material to assist learning. The course was too expensive for the small content it providedneutral
The course was very useful with what knowledge it provides. However, it would be better if there were more hands-on exercises on relevant stuff. The exercises are too easy and boring. Tougher exercises should be added and more time should be spent on the Hadoop Ecosystem part. Knowing the history helps but it should not replace more important topics.neutral
The course is a lot about talking and theory which is not very interesting. Final part of course is trying to work with hadoop using virtualbox and provided virtual image.neutral
A good introduction to big data (last time I was working with it was in the 1990s when a few 10s of MB was a huge dataset!). Slightly let down by the forums, despite loads of mentors there seems to be almost no presence of the teaching staff beyond setting up a few posts to spark discussion which in reality just prompt short responses and no replies.neutral
Good introduction to big data. I would prefer that the hadoop lesson have more practical exercices;neutral
A little bit too conceptual and very basic. Hadoop hands on and HDFS should be much more intensive. However, good material, well presented and explained.neutral
It's a good introduction, but more optional hadoop exercises can be added.neutral
I'd recommend this course be taken as audit. Doesn't add specific value to your skill set! But, it's good to know :-)neutral
An introductory course that seems like it should have been the first week of a more in-depth course instead of being a stand-alone course. The cost vs benefit of this particular course is questionable.neutral
The content of the course is alright and up to date. The instructors are also good, passionate and has a great knowledge.What brings everything down is the video editing and the slide design/quality. They are terrible and clearly not in the field of profession of the creators.All in all, it is an average course, but I can recommend it to anyone interesting in the topic, because it does its job. If someone could improve the slides and the video editing could reach the youtube video reviewer/critic level, it could easily do a 4 out of 5.neutral
I believe this course can be performed much faster, beware that it is really an introduction, and IT professionals persons may feel it slow, in addition the presenter speaks English very slowly, good for non English proficient persons, but bad for the others.neutral
The course is ok but I found that there were some technical quirks that could be ironed out first. Example is to download the text files in the final assignment the command wget is invaluable. How to leave safe mode if the Name node is in safe mode. VirtualBox is default to 32 bit/ubuntu when the image is 64 bit/Centos/Redhat.In addition the course content is a bit little. It says 3 weeks but I finish it in 2 days. Perhaps it is about quality and not quantity.neutral
Introductory Level Course.Nothing much on analytical methods.neutral
Very informative but the structure is a lecture where the concepts are basically read from a paragraph. Perhaps I'd give more stars if I only saw diagrams.neutral
Only skims the surface of Big Data, even for an introduction course.neutral
This is an introduction course, and no advanced concepts are seen. I think it provides a good background, that is all. If you have a solid technical (programming, databases, etc.) knowledge maybe you will miss more hand-ons. For me, for an introductory and theoretical course I expected more resources, for example additional suggested readings, optional exercises...Lectures are well structured (intro and summary at the end), but I have missed presentations from some of the most interesting videos (week 6).neutral
Very good introduction. light-weight explanations.Better animations and videos could enhanced the learning process.questions are too easy.Needs more complex tasks to integrates the different sections together.neutral
I would prefer to see the speaker during the lecture.neutral
I found this course useful and appropriate in the material offered and the assessed questions as an introduction and an update in cancer biology for CPD purposes. It is rather disappointing that the final grade achieved is not printed on the certificate. For A$65 to join the course and not have the full information such as the hours involved and the final grade achieved makes it very disappointing not to reflect the effort I put in as well as tricky to include this course as part of a CPD program.neutral
I wish that the classifications of the major cancer groups were more descriptive. concerning the treatment for different types of lung cancer for example. Nothing is mentioned about childhood cancers or the area of lymphomas. I realize that this is an overview of cancer but cancer cell biology and current treatment practices based on immunologic findings were not given the coverage they deserve.neutral
Tough call on this. The course itself is excellent [5] but the "money grab, you must pay attitude" is horrible [0].neutral
I think that the course itself is very interesting and useful, but unfortunately you have to purchase the course straight away to be able to do the tests.neutral
Better than previous but still not good quilityneutral
Although very interesting, this course seemed too short for me.Professor Kofman is an expert in the filed, but he mostly reads thewords on the slides and shows little or no passion or interest in sharing hisideas and work whatsoever.neutral
Just good to catch the basics. Sometimes quite boring to follow the professor, but it covers the basics adequately.neutral
If you are a finace or business student this is not for you, its a complete re-run of most of the basics that re taught with some practical real life examples. Good for a person who is new to the subject of business or finance.neutral
It wasn't Exactly what I'd expected but was still a good course.neutral
Could have more in depth content, a bit shallow sometimes.neutral
Didn't really elevate my writing. Mostly due to the fact that there were no practical exercises included. Though some of the theoretical stuff that is covered is sort of common sense, most is still very relevant, so I don't regret taking the course.neutral
Felt that it could have more writing exercises.neutral
Good. Overall it is basic, speaker could talk faster and in general the course could move a lot faster. Room for improvement.neutral
Some irritating errors, but overall it was okay.neutral
It's useful to anyone who wants to improve writing skills.neutral
Testing choice isn't great. Writing a letter, outline, etc. and submitting it for peer review would have been more productive. Furthermore, some questions in Week 2 test are confusing, the original meaning the test designer is trying to convey is, which dictates what the right answer is, isn't clear, giving too much room to interpretation not allowing the answer to be empirically right.neutral
The course was very short and very basic. I do not think it is fair to call it "High-Impact Business Writing" when all you get is an introduction to business writing. It would be nice to have a more extensive course on this subject. I would retake it if it was improved. My rating reflects the lack of high-quality content with more examples.neutral
The modules had a lot of aspects and covered each one in detail. However, it would have been helpful to have some hands-on exercises like writing an executive summary, evaluating a resume, writing an elevator pitch etc so that people learn from each other. Otherwise, its a great course with emphasis on different aspects of business writing. Thanksneutral
Very helpful tips for preparing a professional business document. Hoping the course could have more focused exercises to make sure learners actually master the skills.neutral
I wish it had more interaction with the teachers or to at least have more level of detail on the cases. I am afraid tha as a final project it was not of a very high use for me.neutral
The course as a whole is excellent (5 stars), however, the Capstone project part of the specialization consists of 3 submissions that are reviewed by other students. Consequently the quality of the reviewers are of the same level as the student itself - which obviously limits the learnings from feedback.neutral
The many errors in the quizzes and the basic structure of the course - like having no link to a textbook in a central location - makes the experience of the course very very poor. The quality of the material makes up for it, to some extent - but there needs to be more Coursera support (I think) to get the errors in quizzes and stuff sorted out. The mods are doing an amazing job keeping people calm, but Coursera needs to do better.neutral
This one got away from me. I think I need Calculus for Dummys!neutral
Lecture videos are good. Assessment of knowledge (quizzes) are weak.neutral
The teacher is very passionate; therefore I enjoyed the topics that were taught very differently than when I took AP Calculus AB in high school. The answer input sections for the tests and quizzes were rather frustrating because I had to type very specific keys on the keyboard just to input a constant or a polynomial. And one typo caused me to fail some assignments. Also the decimal approximations were very specific to the point where if I didn't type an extra number in the tenths, hundredths, or thousandths place then I would get the answer wrong even if I did the problem correctly.neutral
Need to take a hiatus; this would be the perfect class to prep for my TexEs teacher certification test in two years.neutral
Great teaching methodology - although the test are a bit too centered on number crunching and not reasoning. (a lot of number crunching and no room for little numerical mistake although reasoning is good)neutral
The course is best suited for an Intermediate student. Course is good to have since oit convers the topic from its very basic perspective. For graduates this course is more time consuming and dosnt recommended.Advantages:-very simple descriptions-even a non mathematical background student can easily understand-Proofs in all forms(geometric, analatic, practical) descrition.Disav:-basic are explained and consuming too much time-dosnt going for advanced level-no high level explanations or topics.neutral
The professor spends LOTS of time doing really, really simple work -- over-explaining things, to be honest, in such a way that makes them more confusing. Then he does not explain much more complex issues throughout the course. Very frustrating, even as someone who has taken calculus before and is just taking this as a "refresher."neutral
This is actually good. the tutor is very fun and it makes me feel clearly about calculus. But, it will be more excellent if this course give a short quiz for each topic in end of the section. And for the final test, can this course give more test? I mean like more question in number or kind of test.neutral
The lecturer was really great and was able to explain things enthusiastically and simply. Unfortunately I feel the level of the course is too low. I think the basis of calculus has to come from rigorous definitions of the concepts involved and firm understanding of the proofs. Hopefully I will get some of that in your Calculus Two course.neutral
There were and still are some typos in tests.neutral
Some of the contents just seem overly complex, especially the videos. If they would do a few problems similar to those in the quizzes, it would be much more better.neutral
It is a good course, but the quiz/exercises are very difficult, and sometimes, unrelated to the topicsneutral
There is some good material in this course. The text is fairly good. But I have two main reservations about the course. The first is that the lectures do not always correspond closely enough with the quizzes, and with the text. There are times when one can take a quiz and think, "How exactly does this relate to the lectures I just saw?" The text has quite a few exercises, but there is a tendency to throw in one or two problems whose difficulty is an order of magnitude above everything else in that section, and I find this discouraging and a waste of time. Save those for a later course, or put them into a separate "Extra Challenges" section. Learning calculus is hard enough without trying to grapple without some really tricky trig problem at the same time. as a single example.The second reservation is with the instructor's manner. Many students find it very enjoyable. I am not one of them. Much of the time, he's OK, especially when the camera is not pointed at him. But as the course progresses, much of the footage is of him at his desk, and the closeups become more and more extreme, the hand-waving and fist-clenching approach sheer windmilling, and the exaggerated eye-rolling, grinning and so forth become so distracting that I can't bear to watch. I realize that the goal was to avoid being a dry-as-dust droning professor, and that is commendable, but there is a happy middle ground between that and hamming. I can almost speculate that there was an impulse to add in cartoon sproing-bonk-cuckoo-klaxon sound effects. (There is actually one such sound effect, but just one, so I won't quibble on that.)I would have found the class more effective with a demeanor that was enthusiastic without being histrionic. I'm sure this is one of those "you either love it or hate it" things, and I may be in the minority.The instructor is not generally one to throw out some concept that has not already been learned and then just motor on without explanation. He errs on the side of overly-detailed explanation, which to me is preferable to skipping over subjects or techniques and assuming you know them.Having said all of this, I repeat that there is good material, and you can learn the fundamentals of calculus for free in this course.neutral
My least favorite course in the specialization. The lectures are harder to follow, and are actually all about bioinformatics algorithms, which wasn't clear from the course description. Thankfully, as with the graphs course, Michael Levin wades in to save the day for the last couple of weeks. His lectures are really well structured, intuitive and clear.neutral
I think last week was too complex and not that exciting.neutral
Good contents, but lectures could be improved for clarity.neutral
The lecture was very abstract and difficult. I could pass the course somehow by writing the code presented in the lecture, but I must say I understand less than the half of the course contents.###Responding to question from the instructor, I clarify the comments above.I found the whole lecture difficult. This may be because the subject is not something I have even thought about. It was difficult to understand the difference and importance of key concepts such as trie, suffix, class, etc. Overall, I learned that the tricks somehow work, but my comprehension was not as deep as I can think about the extension or applications. I guess more examples or providing intuition would help me to digest the material.neutral
you have to let us know in the beginning of the course, that we have to pay for finish the course!!!neutral
I didn't really feel that there was enough material here to make a six-week course, so that there was a great deal of repetition, and very little context of the Roman period.neutral
Historically the basic background have been discussed. Effort was to make it nationalistic and emotional.Significance of Menorah as a symbol is absolutely missing. All the emphasis was on the Arch but the Arch looses its very significance without the menorah. So this should be covered or shared properly. For example Questions like why 7 hands needs to be replied. Why 3 legs needs to be repliedWhy painting ? This learning was not supposed to be in it. Someone might or might not like painting as a concept to learn and the course title also gave no indication towards that.. Wrong to make it a mandatory part as an assignment.neutral
i need android programming based course specially in xamrin / visual studio ........... i feel so much disappointment .neutral
There are courses that offer better level of details and better course materials and presentation .. and also for free ..However this course is a best-effort course and is helpful for beginners.neutral
Good overall but you should use better microphone, because sometimes it's hard to understand and improve your English.neutral
This could be improved by adding more interesting subjects :- how to use list adapters with list view- how to use menus- how to use scrolling view- etcneutral
Very interesting but i don't like switching e-learning platformsneutral
Pros: a lot of programming in automated online environment.Cons: inconsistencies in code like changing parameter order in often used functions, changing structure of some variables (arrays become dicts). This can be unneccesarily misleading.neutral
This is not a beginner's course unless you already have previous programming experience. The Python lessons are just samples taken from a completely different curriculum on Codecademy and poorly integrated into the bio-centric course content. The lessons are disjointed, taken out of context, and some of the examples are using the wrong version of Python and missing parentheses. It would be a lot better if they took the time to actually craft custom Python lessons designed specifically for this course instead of using ill-fitting lessons from other classes.neutral
This course is the worst i have taken on coursera. They just want to mention everything in very short time. Quiz is much harder than material on video.neutral
Not for beginners in the slightest. Enjoyed the videos. But the quiz just made me feel stupid as I didn't have a clue on any of the equations and simulators I was supposed to use. It got me thinking of how ignorant clever people continue to be! Every time a smart person comes up with a new theory it's taken as fact. Give it a couple of decades and someone will prove it wrong. The sun orbiting us proving wrong, easth is flat, gas giants only orbit outside the habitable zone etc etc etc. So when will we learn that just because something happens on this planet doesn't mean it will, has happened elsewhere. The deepest depths of the ocean have life forms, yet we'd perish. So who's to say life forms can't exact on a planet, moon that is nothing like the earth! The world is still at the centre of the universe to these academics!neutral
This is a very good and informational course : however, the person who is speaking tends to have a lot of mums and stammers a lot. Overall, pretty decent course.neutral
Good but not deep enough. It could be longer to cover more aspects or more profound.neutral
A very informative course that will definitely help you to excel in your professional field.neutral
Teresa is great! she seems very friendly and kind but some contents are a little bit borried and difficult.neutral
The accent of this teacher made me struggle to comprehend some of the most basic concepts she was presenting. I learned way much more on the previous modules of this specialization.The course should be 2/5 stars, but thanks to Boston and McKenzie articles, I will give an extra one.neutral
A good course, but not up to par with the first two. The content was far more theoretical and left me looking for applicable information. That said it was still a good course.neutral
good but sometimes cannot hear clearly what the tutor says whenever they have strong Spanish accent.neutral
I liked the professor very much, and the expert interviews were interesting. On the other side, she used a lot of articles from the internet which gave not much knowledge. I think it would be better to use more material from professional manuals, not from "trendy" websites.neutral
The video lectures are informative and interesting, but the QUIZZES COVER INFORMATION NOT ADDRESSED IN THE LECTURES!!neutral
Interesting subject matter, but offered in an insufficient way. Bad transcripts, for example: AND THE POTENTIAL IMPACT COULD BE SERIOUS FOR LOCAL POPULATIONS AND THE GLOBAL COMMUNIST, THAT MEANS YOU – am I a global communist? And quizzes with questions that cannot be answered from the course texts. There are far better courses on this subject, from the University of Alberta (Coursera) or the University of British Columbia (edX).neutral
Lower quality when compared to the previous courses in this specialization. Neo4j is very interesting but it is poorly explained.neutral
All the complexity of the course is concentrated to the last week.neutral
I would have liked to put 5 stars. This topic is so important and relevant to big data. After week 4 hands on part, it became obvious we will not see how to implement or interpret the more abstract graph concepts presented in week 3. That was very disappointing.Moreover, the structure of the course is not as good as the other module. I don't understand the lack of balance between theory and hands on (Not enough hands on to reflect the theory) part.On a constructive note, I would replace some of the theoretical concepts of week 3 with additional information on how to link a graph database to machine learning OR I would add more hands on exercise to help using those more complex concepts and learn how to interpret them.neutral
I like the content at a high level, and I have a better appreciation for the value of graph analytics. That being said, I struggled with the GraphX hands on exersizes, where many of the Scala commands simply hung.neutral
Really Thank you for all the big data course, just a little about the 5th course, Graph analytic, I think can must go to the deeper insight with more explanation, some of the modules was really vague!Thank youneutral
Probably because I'm new to all the big data and graph analytics terminologies but the lectures in this chapter were quite difficult to follow in my opinion. The instructor was just talking, not teaching nor explaining, just like someone who prepares notes and is reading to students. The hand-ons were a bit helpful, but overall this class is more for those who already know about the subject.neutral
Concepts are explained in a rather structured way and hands-on with Neo4j are interesting.The last part with GraphX is pure copy-paste of orders, it is disappointing and not a good way to practive.neutral
Another good and interesting course but the total lack of engagement by the course team and community mentors makes it hard going.neutral
The professor is well spoken and the class started out very well. But by the final section the hands on example were simply cut-paste with no explanation of what we were doing or how it worked. It's not the fault of the professor but this course and the Big Data specialization attempts to cover too much information. Graph Analytics should be its own 6 course specialization. But really, to understand graph analytics one should be spending a great deal of time with the subject. Perhaps online courses are not the way to understand such a complex subject.neutral
Need to include more student project design in the courseneutral
The course contents are composed of some superficial concepts of cloud computing. And the code framework for programing assignment written in c++ is probably the worst kind of code I've ever seen.neutral
The concepts are explained very well. The only issue was the Programming assignment, which could have been more descriptive. Also, they could've given us the option of choosing a programming language.neutral
The instructor's lecture sounded too robotic and I feel like he didn't make any effort to explain some of the principles or simplify the course to the audience. It feels like he just copied concepts and pasted them into the lecture and then read them quick.neutral
Very complex and tedious subject.neutral
This was a decent course. Some informative, big picture information but I felt that it lacked some hands on understanding. The minor hands on labs that were provided, were challenging for anyone that is not familiar with Python script writing. I would suggest that you brush up on that before being comfortable with taking this course.neutral
Good overview, but lack in details, lectures are to short. Assignments didn't really reflect the complexity of the content that is taught in the lectures.neutral
The content was very useful. However, a little more detail could have been provided while explaining a few concepts. I am confident of using these frameworks in the future. However, before applying them I will have to visit the material again. Thank you so much.neutral
the language of this video is to high, it's like to be for reading more than speaking ( Too Formal).The Content is quite good, but it needs more time in order to fully understand it.neutral
I think that presentation slides should be offered to students. These slides will cointain information that is given by the expositor. Also, it is possible to offer a toolkit pages in each module to faciltate teaching..neutral
Positive: Approach to the topics is solid, readings are very valuable.Negative: Some videos in week 3 and 4 have audio issues. Course should had a template with the course objectives, learning outcomes and grading scheme. 4 out of 6 quizzes didn't allow to see which questions were right or wrong. Social media resources such as a linkedin group for the specialization would add value. But the most negative aspect was not having the slides. A lot of the topics covered were presented very fast and not having the slides to review the materials made my experience in learning very frustrating. I note that also the course Critical Perspectives on Management had the same problems with the quizzes and also did not provide slides. what was somewhat frustrating also. Also, if IE is making an effort to become more relevant in this online space, it should allocate human resources to monitor and interact in the discussion forums. In my opinion there are a lot of opportunities to improve the student experience. What I found somewhat because being this a series of courses in marketing, a lot of these issues had to been fixed/addressed before the course started...Nonetheless my critics - which I expect to be considered as constructive critics, it is important to thank IE and Coursera for continuing providing online courses.I wish you luck.Ricardo J. Oliveiraneutral
A nice course about the MAPS approach and the typical difficulties of natural scientists and mechanical engineers when approaching the political arena and dialoguing with stakeholders. I would like to suggest:1) to change the name in order to make clear that it is about the specific MAPS approach and not about "climate change mitigation in developing countries" in general terms.2) to integrate development professionals and some policy analysis / political decision making experts in the revision of the course but also in the MAPS approach in order to make it more effective or relevant for climate governance.3) to include (more) content about low carbon development and climate change mitigation strategies in some key sectors in the development context in order to increase the benefits for students interested in mitigation.4) to reduce the parte about the own difficulties of scientists and engineers when interacting with politics and stakeholders.5) to try to simplify the MAPS approach to make it more accesible to governments and regions in more poor countries.I hope the feedback is useful. Kind regards and thanks very much.neutral
Very basic. Could be improved by increasing the level of complexity.neutral
Good concise introduction for the topic.neutral
Most of the materials are conceptual, would like to see more real life examples and methods applied.neutral
Not the best one on coursera. Included many details that are not really relevant and quizes just checked if you memorized it.neutral
An entry level informative course suitable for everyone who wants to have basic understanding in the areas.neutral
It was a basic course which provided insight into basics of Big Data, Cloud and CDN technologies. The lessons are well planned and articulate the subject matter in detail.neutral
somehow I feel the course materials were not prepared well also it was not effective presentation, it was more like a reading a presentationneutral
Good job on the explaining CDN concepts!In the two first modules, the lecturer just read from the slides.neutral
It's very helpful to polish my educational skills as a engineerneutral
Good Cloud Compyting and CDN lectures and material.Lack of practical examples and use cases in Big Data track.neutral
Course is very basic , although contents are compact and informative.neutral
I found it way too condensed for introduction.I believe it needs to be slowed down, extended - as it is. it is just a blast of facts.neutral
Slides were informative, but the lecturer did not add anything to them. One could complete the course by purely reading the slides.neutral
Was fully theorytical....Need hands on practical things so that we can do things ourselvesneutral
CDN topic was very good and well explained.neutral
The course was very basic and there was nothing new in the videos compared to the document(PDF) . Instructor was only reading the slides.neutral
Excepting some coding on Big Data.neutral
I got understanding about the big data, cloud and CDN. It really help to go further studies in Big data.neutral
Trying to cover many subjects and diving deep into less interesting areas.The lectures themselves are very clear and easy to understand, accompanies with good decks.neutral
It is a good short course to get an idea about Cloud Computing, Big Data and CDN.2 Points to the gentle instructor, Please try to elaborate more outside what is written in the slides. and the other point, please revise the Cloud Computing quiz as it focused on dates and history rather than focusing on the core of the subject.neutral
Good overview of Cloud related technologies. Too many details sometimes about specific providers, something that in my opinion may not be really useful but overall is okay.neutral
pretty basic information with lots of repetition. course is short and really can be completed in an evening or two. instructor is knowledgeable. video of lecture doesn't add to presentation. there are few examples or interactive sessions and most of the time the instruction just speaks in front of a chicken cage. if i evaluate this course dispassionately then i don't think there is much difference between watching this course and reading a 5-10 page article.neutral
Good course, I enjoyed learning chemistry! However, the pdf slides could be much better made, since most of them are empty, and the errors in the quiz should be correctedneutral
I am concerned about the last assignment of this course. And I cannot get any help from here.neutral
It was a bit.... general. That could be a bias of mine, as I have done quite a bit of management-type work, so maybe it didn't feel that new or informative.neutral
Good overview for those without management experience. For experienced folks -- probably a good number since this is an Executive Data Science course -- it was pretty basic. Also some of the elements come down to management style. For some, other approaches have worked well and might not be ready to switch philosophies based on the course.Otherwise, pretty good.neutral
Content was good and questions were well-thought. Video lectures however would need written notes to accompany them. Also when videos are as long and fast-paced as it is in the course it would be nice to throw the major point in discussion on the background,this would help clarify and focus the idea the lecturer is trying to convey.neutral
needed more depth, which still could have been achieved in a 1-week formatneutral
If you know anything about management, specifically software engineering management, this course won't tell you anything new. It's very high level survey of best practices. I'm currently working as a software engineer on data science problems alone on my team. I wanted some idea of how data science teams are typically structured for when I need to talk about my work to my chain of command and my peers and for interacting with other dedicated data science teams at my company. I feel I got a pretty good idea of that and a better understanding the roles in an ideal team. I also feel prepared for the future if I were to apply for a role on a dedicated data science team. As far as actually building a team myself, I think this course won't really give you that if you don't already have other management experience, but it does give you some insight on the specifics of data science people. Finally, Quizzes could use some review, the answers don't often line up grammatically with the questions. Also the one with the instructor's LinkedIn profile linked doesn't work because LinkedIn covers the content and wants you to create an account. A link to a resume or something might be better.neutral
Some of the videos are very basic concepts on how to lead a team (i.e.: Management strategies, common difficulties,...). It is already known things for a manager with some experience leading teams. This course could be shorter.neutral
For most people this might be four stars. There is solid content here, but I couldn't help but feel a lot of this stuff is fairly standard OD/management material and in some ways, it felt like asking, say, a project manager to deliver a data science course. If you have never done any managerial training or read material on intrinsic motivation, org and team culture, then you will get value. For me this was pretty stockneutral
There could be more work in the assignments in this course. The Quizzes are very simple.neutral
Very short. Quality of the course is OK.neutral
The information is useful, but I think the five courses in the specialization could be merged into a single one.neutral
This was a fine overview however I was hoping to drill down into more detail on some of the roles and responsibilites data teams can have. For example data architects, stewards etc.neutral
Interesting, but content is a bit limitedneutral
Building a Data Science Team does indeed contain helpful recommendations for starting data science teammanagers/executives; for me it had a little too much of a Huneutral
Probably, I wouldn't have a course just about how to hire/build a data team.neutral
The courses in the specialization are - in my opinion, excessively short.neutral
Good interesting material but the quizzes were badly designed and did not test concepts well.neutral
Great idea and syllabus.The videos are too short and missing some explanations.neutral
A great course to understand the procedure for non-medicosneutral
This serves well as a basic intro but not for people who are looking for a deeper dive.neutral
A little boring. Some lecturers did not deliver a good presentation and some "philosophical masterpiece" are not practical at all.neutral
Learned a few things from this course.neutral
This course was very helpful but there is a need to discuss it more further in details.neutral
This course seems great, although plenty of errors in the audio transcript. The steepness of the learning curve increased very quickly and understandability decreased after week 3, which made me drop the course. I hope to be able to retake it some time in the future with the right mathematical skills.neutral
I was slightly disappointed by the course: too much information was given and not always in a clear way. In particular, sometimes the sessions were jumping from one discipline to another with not much explanation and this was confusing. Also, the information provided was in huge amounts but not in details. I expected to get more detailed information on children's rights while sometimes the presentations were only very general overviews.neutral
Good basic coverage on children's fundamental rights. The course could have benefitted from assignments being more consistently accurate to lessons as there are some gaps. The last module I found the most interesting as it covers challenges to child rights in real time cultural/social dilemmas.neutral
Too shallow. It's just common sense and a little of vocabulary.neutral
The professor does not evaluate your assignments. Your classmates do, giving you sometimes unfair qualifications. I won't continue with the rest of the course because of that. I think University of Washington or Coursera should have said this at the description of the course so people can decide better if take it or not.neutral
A little to coach "driven" for me but good information and tools to use for specific conversations.neutral
While the lectures were good, this course had annoying issues, such as in-video questions asking us to refer to previously shown material (which isn't easy given the Coursera interface). A few assignment questions were also poorly formulated. The course would have really benefited from .pdf reference material, for review and elaboration of topics presented in lectures. At minimum, a list of relevant equations would have helped.The acoustics part of the content seemed somewhat sketchy and hand-wavy; the assumptions and limitations behind the rule-of-thumb equations and models presented weren't given much weight, so I wasn't able to get a good grasp of when they were relevant*. The electronics part was more reasonable, but still suffered from some over-simplification (for example, the model of guitar pickups didn't include magnetic hysteresis).All in all, the course was worth taking, but I think the material deserves more rigor.*All models are wrong. But some of them are useful.neutral
Wonderful lectures with heaps of useful information including video on blended teaching in action along with teacher interviews and enthusiastic presenters. The course is self-paced though so you are relying on your fellow learners being up to the point you are for peer assessment. Also some links don't work and there is little or no interaction from the Course leaders or TA's. The lectures are well worth it though.neutral
The course content is interesting and well laid out. The lack of contact details for course queries is concerning as is purely being assessed by peers who may not follow the grading guidelines very well (providing no feedback etc)neutral
I think the information in this course is well organized and the delivery is good. The video lectures are high quality and there are a number of different people interviewed, each one giving a different opinion on blended learning. Most of the example schools were elementary so it would be better if they could include some secondary schools as well.One area that this course could improve greatly on is the assessments. They are peer-reviewed and I think the rubric used for grading is so strict that it doesn't allow the graders to interpret what we have learned. I also think that some parts of the assessment being measured really aren't important when it comes to us demonstrating what we have learned about blended learning.If you are looking to learn more about blended learning, I would recommend this course.neutral
This is a brief overview, basically food for thought. I liked the small portions this course was broken into, it made it all the more accessible.neutral
I'm leaving because I can't keep up with an 8 week course given in 4 weeks, and even less if the course keep on refering to the 8 weeks time frame. A pity, I loved this course.neutral
The course is all comprehensive about models and concepts of communication science, however the break-down into small lectures turn out to be too brief in my opinion to develop rich understanding of the subject. It would be more conducive that lecturer expands more on the cutting edge study and research, to give people a sense of the finding of the field and its benefits.neutral
The videos lacks clarity, not loud enough and at instances it's ungrammatical.Certainly, there ALWAYS WILL be scope of improvement and although, it was moderately enlightening, thank you for producing this course (quite credibly flexible)neutral
It only gives you a basic overview of start up's vocabulary. However, it is very simple for who has never experienced economics subjects.neutral
Great Course. Assignments are the best part of the course.neutral
This course mainly focus on statistics and statistical parameters and almost nothing about about Understanding Clinical Research - as title anotateneutral
I believe this may be a more helpful course to those already quite familiar with statistics and for those who use statistical terminology daily.neutral
Great introduction to the clinical statistic usually encountered while reading medical or biology literature. However it would be much appreciated if more calculations could be incorporate into this course.neutral
There are some errors on the quizzes in between the videos. I had to skip a lot of them because it wound't accept the correct answer. I liked the testimonial videos.neutral
a good course, especially if you are not too aware of Autismneutral
In general, I enjoyed the contents of the course. It's a general overview that introduces all aspects of Autism Spectrum Disorder which is exactly what I wanted. However, half of the final week is a list of established and emerging practices, so this was quite boring. I could have read them off the screen faster.My least favorite aspect of this course is that you can't take the quizzes without buying the certificate. Currently, the certificate won't assist me; I simply wanted to learn more about ASD so as to be more informed. This was quite frustrating because I use the quizzes as a means of checking my understanding and retention of the material.neutral
The course had some useful content, but there was too much time spent on USA centred materials for an iavailabe course.neutral
Could be more computer friendly. Had good information but hard to engage because the majority of the lectures are just powerpoints with the professor talking over them.neutral
Very helpful information particularly in the earlier weeks. I found the last couple weeks less helpful because of the large quantity of listed interventions without elaboration/examples - I did read the attached report but would have found it helpful to see some of the interventions demonstrated either via a video or diagram. Temple Grandin is a great documentary and I appreciated hearing her perspective regarding tactile sensitivity. She's also a great example of a person with autism who has developed her strengths and worked around her weaknesses and is a highly functional and successful individual. Overall enjoyed this class. Thanks!neutral
Good way to get started with doing from just listening or reading.neutral
it was good, could be more dinamic thoughneutral
Learn something about the money supply and demand and their relationship with the exchange rate. but can hardly used in dailyneutral
The content covers very good the most important theories and concepts in macro economy and explains in detail the relationship between them. I wish the course would take more advantage of interactive multimedia tools in order to support the spoken word with visual means.neutral
This is a good course, but be sure you have a foundational level of understanding of Macroeconomics before starting - it doesn't provide a lot of background before diving into more advanced topics.neutral
I thought at first according to the title of this course, that it should be an intro for c programmers. But it is more like a brush-up for already c++ programmers. Be ready to take some other course or reading parallel. Otherwise the homeworks are absolutely interesting and suitable for new-comer. It would be better if more videos with more details could be made.neutral
It accomplishes the main goal: help with the leap from C to C++, but:- It's damn slow. I had to use the 1.5x or 2x speed all the time, and I'm not native English.- The format of the slides is really ugly (e.g., those bullet points in the code)- No lecture notes are provided- The references are to his (expensive) books instead- No source code of examples is provided either- Graph theory is interesting, but out of scope. Waste of time for those who already know it are not interested in and just want to learn C++. It would be better to provide references for optional reading or reviewing.neutral
Do this course for the assignments and to have something that keeps you on schedule. But be prepared to do your own research on topics.The professor goes off on pointless tangents forever. C is also supposed to be a prerequisite but then he ends also ends up explaining basic C (prefixing his explanation with you should know this). He then goes into these very specific, typical academic-style examples that he spends time talking about them (again pointless). And then very little time is left to explain the actual new C++ stuff, and he explains it assuming you kind-of know what he's talking about. So you'll have to stop the video and look up the topic online.neutral
The course presents the topics in a non-linear manner. It should be called "Learning graphs with C++"neutral
The course content is good. But it needs some polishing...Major comment:The assignment submission/review process should be improved. Grading system is not clearly defined at the time of submission. Some grading question are inherently subjective "Is the code at least somewhat efficient?". But even for inherently objective questions "Is the code correct?" (as does it give the correct answer" the staff does not provide the correct answer... I think the staff should create some automated review for what is objective: does the code compile? does it yield the correct answer? is it efficient enough? (Just like many other courses on Coursera) And only when it passes the automatic review, use peer grading for coding style. Finally there a lot of confusion with the deadlines.Minor comments:Lucky Coursera has an option to play twice faster! Not that the content is too easy, but the talking ... pace ... is ... hum... very ... ... slow. Also how come for a programming course the slides with code are so poorly formated???neutral
Not enough depth. Put another way not a CS course.neutral
Somewhat basic and not very applicableneutral
presentation is poor, not very engagingneutral
It was pretty intuitive and easy to follow the first couple of weeks, but then the assumed knowledge of beta and gamma distributions and their frequentist usage, stood in the way of me fully grasping the Bayesian part of it. In the end I just copied the examples from the lectures and passed the tests ... without really getting it.neutral
It was little difficult to understand what the professor , but anyway it was good.neutral
This course requires solid grounding in mathematics. No meant of Social Science graduates without proper training in statistics/mathematics. The course was good in the sense that we could how probability distributions are used to model real world problems.Study material was certainly not adequate.neutral
Liked the course, but it was a little easy (took four days total to do the material for the whole course). Many questions were left unanswered (such as how dependent the credibility intervals are on the choice of prior distribution and the assumed distribution of the data), and it didn't touch on later topics that are interesting (MCMC sampling). Again, good beginning course, but I was looking for more in depth study.neutral
The lectures from week 1 to week 3 are nice and useful to me, but I think there should be more details about the content in week 4. For example, I think the lecture about the Jeffreys prior skipped many things and I did not understand this concept very well.neutral
The material is good, but I've found the lectures challenging to understand even having some background in math. It would be good if all the definitions and key facts were stated more prominently in the lectures, as opposed to algebraic transformations which most readers can hopefully do on their own.neutral
The course content is good but sometimes very fast paced. The downside of the course relates to the peer-review system of some of the assignments. You can get stuck with a failed assignment for weeks and you have to kindly ask in the forums for someone to review it.neutral
Interesting course! But the lecture videos are too long.neutral
good for people who don't have any background about coding, and want to build a prototype of an appneutral
Nice Lesson and good subjectneutral
Course content good but labs difficult to work with as no offline unit tests were provided which made debugging painful.neutral
Course has very good content and well structured. However it lacks more details on the mechanics, under the hood functioning of Blockchains.The practical assignments are not adequate. Propose more exercises that goes up in incremental content and difficulties and allow students to get more practical insight upon how a blockchain really works.neutral
Nice course with troublesome assignments.neutral
Great overview of Bitcoin, solid foundation in Blockchain. This industry is fast moving so its a bit dated with its content -- for example, this was done before Ethereum so it is not mentioned at all. Needs to be updated. Plus -- no certificate dings it one more for me...neutral
It is difficult to complain too much about a free course, but I expected more from a course carrying the name Princeton. The videos were generally well done and interesting, but did contain factual errors almost every week.Unfortunately the instructors were absent from the forums after a couple replies the first week. The homework assignments were disorganized, provided components contained errors, the grading system had problems and the requirements were often unclear. The assignments require Java programming experience (not mentioned in course description). Most importantly, the assignments in no way reflected what was taught in the course videos. They were of course related, but were implementing parts of a bitcoin node, but in a simplified manner. The textbook PDF is good.It would have been nice to have assignments working with real bitcoin (or testnet) transactions, sigs, verification, hashing, etc.Anyhow, I'm enthusiastic about this subject matter, so I'm just happy the course exists, but don't expect a glossy polished course... it's a rough ride.Here is another Bitcoin course that looks good: https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/bitcoin-decentralized-technologyneutral
The course is comprehensive and covers technical, social, economic. legal aspects of Bitcoin. The technical treatment is hands on and gives a really good fell for how bitcoin and blockchain works compared to several other sources where treatment is superficial.There are several parts of the course I was not able to get a clear understanding - such as implementation of the actual bitcoin core in the stack based script. Also I found the questions for the programming assignments convoluted and not very helpful in describing what is required from the student. Had it not been for discussions on the student forum I would not have been able to complete the final assignment.Despite the shortcomings I would recommend this for someone who is good in Java and would like to get a technical as well as comprehensive understanding of cryptocurrencies and blockchain.neutral
Assignments would need to be improved...neutral
Given the nature of law courses (a lot of reading), there needs to be a great deal more written information on the lecture slides. Quotes from pieces of legislation, judgements from various courts, quotes from politicians etc. need to be provided on the slides, otherwise students are either left to search through the transcript, which contains numerous spelling and grammatical errors, or write what Prof. Gearey is saying which means continuously stopping and starting the lectures to get it all down. IN SHORT: Better lecture slides with more information on.neutral
The content is good, but it's lacking articles, important bills etc..; and the quizzes aren't very hardneutral
Useful course for exposure to debates that animate the common law, with some bits about the relationship of English and European law, pre-Brexit. It's probably fair to say this course offers some experience in the elusive skill of how to think like a lawyer. The legal debates might seem a bit pedantic to all but the specialist. For example, the course attempts to sketch in the debates about proper use of precedent, with frequent reminders that the task of fully developing such debates is beyond the scope of the course--I'll bet some students were thinking, thank goodness it's beyond the scope. It's all clear enough, and delivered pretty much exclusively in traditional lecture format--there's even a lectern. Each of these lessons about the legal debates outlines and develops the opposing sides but doesn't give you a whole lot of new content to be tested. Thus, many of the quiz questions are on comprehending passages from cases, statutes, or commentary. Such quiz questions sometimes feel like those reading comprehension questions from a standardized test, rather than tests of the material covered in the lesson.neutral
Interesting material and good teacher but very poor use of the media (an audio file would have been sufficient for most lectures) and low quality recording for some lectures (background noises, echos, wind...)neutral
I need access to the quizzesneutral
It wasn't challenging but more irrelevant to what I'd guess is a lot of "workplaces"neutral
While the course materials themselves were very useful, the quizzes didn't feel like an effective test of the material and consisted of very few questions, which didn't leave room for error (especially problematic because some questions were subjective).neutral
I like the course content but the presenter needs to have a more friendly way to present it.neutral
Kinda disappointed that in a course about Communication, Margaret can be such a "so-so" communicator herself. Except that, the course is good and offers some cool tips on how to deal with that new ways of communication that we must deal of.neutral
The extra/outside content provided is great. As others have stated, but clearly not adjusted, some of the quiz questions aren't clear items covered in the material (which is frustrating).neutral
It is basic course with simple informationneutral
I think that , this course need to add more keys critical important point in each lesson by keywords on Videos. And examples how to use these skill on nature lifeneutral
speak speed is little bit too quick, difficult for non-english speaking studentneutral
A good introduction to Workplace Communication.The resources supplied were extremely helpful.I didn't pay so much attention to the slides that came with this - in fact, I'm not even sure how relevant they are looking back.I had expected the overview videos to be an insight to the resource content, but it wasn't quite compiled that way.The tests could have been longer, and perhaps could have contained obvious solutions - in some instances the solutions provided were all applicable, leaving the student to select the best option. In other instances the options available weren't even discussed in the content, confusing the student.neutral
Has good collection of resources for improvement of communication skillsneutral
The teacher of this course talks toooo fast ! I`m for example a french educated student, so I prefer to take courses with a teacher who talks in a comprehensive way in which I can understand everything he says in order to proceed in my work and then to benefit everything in this course.Concerning the quiz, in the all of the quiz there is questions not related to what already said from the teacher or in the articles required to read. I red the articles coupes of time but in a specific questions, the answers, it seems, that we should answer from our own memory because badly it`s not mentioned in any article or in the video of the teacher.Thanksneutral
Less required reading and more targeted lectures would make it great. It often seemed that the questions in the quiz weren't properly covered in the material provided.neutral
the course is not that strong when it comes to communicating with direct reports .neutral
Ok course. Well tught, but overall I prefer more business related classes.neutral
materials/lectures are brief and could go deeper.neutral
It's a bit hard to answer the quiz since the presentation is not speaking about the quneutral
Gives just enough info. Great, but I wish it was more detailed.neutral
A little slower than the last ones, not my favorite but great use of hands-on projects and enagagementneutral
The course was good enough...but exercises were very simple. Only the final course was little bit challenging. For a guy that sits in IT business for a while it's rather too simple. Besides, I've learned spark basics which is super cool...so thanks for thatMaybe you could consider to build docker image instead of using virtual machines. VM is ok, but I think that docker can simplify all the stuff without necessary downloading, installations etc.Looking forward to the next spark challenges :)neutral
Programming instructions were not clear, and the version of Python that was installed on my machine did not support the Jupyneutral
some of the stuff was not mentioned properly, like for last quiz how to expoert data from mongodbneutral
I feel the contents of this course were great, no second thought on it. It makes your concepts crystal clear. But faced lots of issues during practicing the hands on exercises and did not get proper feedback or response on any of the queries.neutral
The final assessment somewhat not really well designed, imho.neutral
Needs more depth. Instructors should reference more external readings since the lectures are brief.neutral
Good experience of using the big data tools but a total lack of engagement in the forums by the instructors and community mentors make it hard going if anything goes wrong. The final quiz took me over 8 hours mostly because there was no one to ask for hints when I was totally stuck and confused!neutral
The content is helpful in learning to use the camera and understand terminology, but it is somewhat, if not totally, a false representation of interaction with the experts. There is absolutely none. Some seems repetitive from course one.neutral
Sorry but yet again a potentially great course spoiled by the implementation, way too many mistakes in the quizzes, peer review grading systems which in places are nonsense . I hope things get better and I give the the course the 5 stars the content would merit if it had been properly QCed and delivered to best Coursera standardsneutral
The glitches with Coursera itself are not excusable and should be taken as a black mark against the organization. They made the professors and Michigan State look less than average and caused confusion among the students. The material is good and it makes me learn about the camera that I use and try new things.neutral
The explanations are a bit and drawn out. For non-native English speakers, this is very difficult to understand as well at time difficult for native speakers. Also, the course for auditors is not very interactive and we cannot participate in some quizzes and work submission.neutral
needs more info and practical referencesneutral
The course content is very good and useful. But the so-called "Chinese version" doesn't fit my need. It takes longer time for me to understand the quiz and find more information relative to the quiz items from Chinese materials. Exactly the course itself is clear enough to understand, but the quiz part doubles the difficulties to comprehend.neutral
Very basic things... Any examples for regression.neutral
It's ok for an extremely high-level overiewneutral
Extremely lightweight and totally missing in substance; I cannot recall whether they stated so in the course goals.neutral
The comparaison between Chinese and Western Culture was really useful. It was a nice overview but it would also have been interesting to get information (at least some ints) about the long and fascinating Chinese History. More historical context would be appreciated.neutral
The course gives a clear and means ideas about how communicate in works areas.neutral
The audio quality of the lectures could be better. Assignments need to be challenging. Programming assignments in Assembly should be used to evaluate the grade in addition to quizzes.neutral
I enjoyed the topic. The lectures could be augmented by breaking them up into more pieces (particularly for Instrumental variables and double difference). It would have been nice if additional (optional) readings were listed to give interested students more direction. I also would have liked to see topics added to the course such as propensity score matching.neutral
This give a very good insight into what i did not know earlier. Thank you Prof. Anders Holm. I recommend this course to all all. I did a lot of learning. Go for itneutral
It teaches an interesting topic, but it's a bit hard to follow the teacher. I learnt from the exercises, mostly.neutral
Quiz isn't challenging enough to validate the understanding of the user taking the course .neutral
Basic course with videos running too fast......neutral
I do feel that I learned from this course, though I almost feel that it was too easy to earn the certificate.neutral
The free course is very short and only give a generalized information of the cybersecurity word. I can't review about the full course (but you should pay for it).neutral
This course was really good but not too deep. I went on to study the CISSP manual and some additional training. This is a great course if you want an introduction to cybersecurity.neutral
Course material reference readings were good but videos were pathetic. It was more like a high school kid reading the slides.neutral
It is not any technical 'lab based exercise bases I mean'neutral
too short, I prefer that the engineer share a little experience or make more in detail.neutral
Too little course material; video's too flashy (noisy) and do not discuss enough informationneutral
I wish that the videos were longer.neutral
The course content does not follow the exam question is totally different what you learn from the two-minute video. You need to have the background in the field. This course should have gone through the beta test before release to the public.neutral
The subject matter is very interesting, the reading material is well-chosen, but the video lectures are superficial, to put it mildly. I recommend doing th course, but strongly suggest the staff upgrade the lectures.neutral
I Felt like this was a very in depth course, the reading material was very good. At times I thought the instructional videos were very short - I would have liked them to have been longer, perhaps going into more depth about some of the topics covered in the reading materials - I was not fond of the written portion of the course - I would have preferred exams to the written portion.thanks.neutral
A good course for people who are trying to lean the basics of cyber security.Regards,Kashifneutral
Too microsoft-oriented, too much reading (sometimes not very related to the topic) that is not unique and can be easily found on the internet without attending this course, not enough video presentations and explanations.Final exam seemed to me a bit out of topic.neutral
A little bit too much generalist, need more precision.And unlimited attempt for quizz is not a godd idea, because quizz don't mean anythingneutral
I find this course very informative, but at the same time the videos seem pointless. All the quizzes are on the suggested reading material. The videos are quite cursory- almost an afterthought.neutral
The material may be nore specificneutral
I found the course interesting though the continual music being played in the background was a distraction for me and felt like a brainwashing exercise.neutral
It's not exactly I was expecting. It covers lot of theory part. Some practical work in coding and security practicles would have added more value.I enjoyed the some material pdf suggested. However, I didn't liked "Accordingly to Microsoft" question and material. It was made 10 years back. Course content must be updated and more invovled tasks or discussions with Course makers. It looks like some videos are once made and kept as it is. I never saw actual teachers teaching something in this course, just browsing, reading and eassy writing.neutral
Is a little basic introduction to InfoSEC but is nice a good to start.neutral
The course isn't bad, but the videos explanations are all way to general, they should be more detailed.neutral
At first the questions were wrong, but i contacted with the professor and he corrected them.neutral
it was too much teory and not really data analytics tools.neutral
While I appreciated the challenge of the capstone project, I didn't feel like the assignment's requests accurately aligned or represented what was provided in the lecture series. As someone who bought this course as one large pack (four courses, one capstone project), it would've been nice to see more intersection. I felt a little "in the dark" on some of this. Given the short timeline to finish the work, too, many of these requests need more time (e.g. building personas needs user research, ideally). All in all, a good challenge to a content professional, but don't expect all of this to align with what you learned in the lecture series.neutral
Would have rated it 4 if i had received my certificate of accomplishment like i was told at the starting of the course. The course was very informative and explained thoroughly and all but when you put it down on your resume or something its good to have a document backing up the claim.neutral
So far , very interesting and covers much of the material that was covered in my Strategy Course in my MBA. It has been a delightful course as a refresher and putting more up-to-date examples than when I covered much of this material some time ago. Have another 2.5 weeks to go but I will look for more courses from LMU & Tobias !neutral
Good introductory class to the topic. Much time spent on examples. However, each module feels somewhat a bit disconnected from the other ones. A case study or example which would navigate students through all 6 modules would greatly help students remembering it all.neutral
Not a lot of practice problems and somewhat superficial information.neutral
The course introduces us to a ton of valuable material for developing data products. But it is up to the student to have the initiative to dig deeper into the material by going through the various API reference documentations in order to create the final data applications. I'm not sure there is a better way to teach this course; but it felt like I was left to my own devices to complete the course. In a way it was a good learning experience to have to complete the assignments without much hand-holding from the instructors.neutral
A bit fast paced as they teach so many things in a single week. But the stuff they teach is surely great and makes you appreciate the beauty of Rneutral
Although I really liked the content of this course, the videos seemed to be have been done with rush. Many of the explanations were started but not finished and the presenter had many breaks during his speech to think or to go back with a better explanation.neutral
Nice course, but the discussion forum are not the same as in the old format. I also think that the shiny videos from Rstudio are better than the instructional videos in this course.neutral
This module is not the same level as the previous ones, giving a superficial view of several package but not on any deepens. The application development was the positive part of the module.neutral
The course is fine in the content. As usual, the presentation from Brian Caffo is rather rushed and stumbling. A better presenting style would improve the course no end, but ultimately, what is covered is what you need. I generally just avoid the videos and read the slides.neutral
This course isn't as clearly outlined or carefully prepared as the others in the Data Visualization specialization.neutral
The class was OK. This was the topic I was most excited to get to in the specialization, so I started playing around with Shiny, Slidify, and other tools ahead of time. Because I had gained some basic familiarity with those packages, this class was a bit of a letdown. I was happy with the week on making R packages. That was all new and fascinating. If you're looking for something more advanced than a very basic overview, you may want to look elsewhere.neutral
The course is OK, but I'd rather learned app development with Python or Java.neutral
Lots of material in a short amount of time.neutral
I have not received yet my certificated and I can't see it in the list. Is there something wrong?neutral
Algorithms in lectures were useless to programming assignmentneutral
For a beginner like me its totally going over the head. I mean i get the logic but if you guys can please give more code...I am learning data structures for the first time and it is bit difficult for me to grasp it all and write codes in a week...neutral
Course content is ok, but some lectors are really boring in explaining mathematical details.Tasks are pretty easy, and this is from algorithmic perspective, because from programming there are almost nothing to do.And overall it feels that there are not so much info as for 5 weeks course. If it would cost lest, than it would be ok. But for 80$ I've expected more.neutral
[Slightly updated according to Michael's questions]The course is fine, but comparing to the previous one - Algorithmic Toolbox - this one is weaker and with lesser quality.Pros: the course contains some interesting data structures and valuable observations. The starter files for assignments are in place. Related books are given after each video session. All the tasks have automatic grader. There is a couple of interesting tasks to do.Cons: the material is mostly lectures, and there is even a video where lecturer just reads the article from Wiki (Splay tree - has the same information with same lack of some proofs). Expected: add quizzes as it was in the first course. The course has less weeks - only 4 as comparing to 5 in AT. So various important data structures are not discussed. The course has less homework - 3 tasks each week as comparing to 5 in AT. And all 3 are usually just implementations of some basic algos seen in lectures.I consider the course valuable due to a number of good videos and a couple of good tasks to do. But in general, this course has the area for improvement.neutral
The depth and explanation of theoretical concepts are better than the first course. I like the in depth discussion over various introduced data structures, for instance there are comparisons between naive implementations vs smarter implementations. However overall the topic is very theoretical, maybe add a little more connection of each introduced data structure with respect to its application would make the topic less dry and more motivating.neutral
The course has excellent homework to help you study, but the course itself sometimes doesn't cover more generally applied knowledge such as red-black BST. Also, the professors' teaching style may be confusing sometimes and require extra work to understand, especially when they didn't have a pen in hand and were just talking quickly to the air. I do hope the following series will eventually tackle these issues, and I'll be glad to give the whole series 5 stars.neutral
The structure of the class follows the regular academic model you'll find in college: lecture -> lecture -> lecture -> assignment... repeat. I don't think this model is suitable for online delivery. Without discussion and the ability to interrupt and ask questions, the lectures are at times a more frustrating than useful (especially with Coursera's user interface, which lacks quick rewind and is generally speaking rather poorly thought out).For many of the topics, better videos exist online (try safari or pluralsight). As for the problems, they were the main source of learning, but were also at times a bit frustrating (the splay trees starter code was rather sad to look at). I find that hacker rank is probably better at delivering value (if you can forego the warm fuzzy feeling you get from getting a verified certificate, you'll probably be better served by practicing on hacker rank than from doing the problems in this course).neutral
I was hoping the lectures would be more dense. My previous coursera courses where on data science, machine learning, etc. I somewhat feel that the content on those courses is twice or thrice more.neutral
This course got better as it went on. The first week, the teacher went through the entire plot of Harry Potter which seemed like a waste of time. The point was made long before the telling of every plot point in Harry Potter was done. I thought, really, I signed up for four months of this? Then the lectures got better, learning the basis outlines and structures of plot is useful. Simple, but useful.neutral
it seems good and hopefully will be valuable in my contextneutral
The course material and videos are very good, however I would prefer that comments about your work be emailed directly to the student so that they are more likely to read them. I found it to easy to just move on and not really look for the comments on my work.neutral
it would have been great if the final assignment had been gradeneutral
I learnt much but only rated 3 stars because students are unable to submit their assignments or receive peer group or mentor feedback unless a payment is made. The previous writing course I completed with Coursera did not have such restrictions - you only had to pay for the certificate if wanted. However, thank you for free access to the contentneutral
I understand the importance of reviewing other classmates work however with the time constraints of today's world, I believe it takes away from precious time that could be spent developing the craft of writing .neutral
The course is nice and informative. Unfortunately one can not do any of the pear rated assignments or pear reviews.neutral
Nice, informative, but basic and short.neutral
I found this course quite hard to take to; especially after starting the second one on Character. Saying that though, it is good to learn about different perspectives and approaches as education whatever form enables us to move forward on our learning path.neutral
-Made on 10/05/2016- Low quantity of information and resources. For the cost , is not even near to other moocs. Block the sending and sharing of activities, and unable the peer evaluation because of a required payment, really handicap the learning and the quality of the course. If I pay a Mooc, is becouse of a strong quality and substantial learning; this two lacking in this course. I can give you a list of other moocs around this and other subjects (film, writing, mat, entrepreneurship, photography...) for you to make relations and compare structures. Please revise this course, you have nice video edition and the teacher is good, and willing to teach, but the global course is missing several things. I encourage you to take my words.neutral
The problem is that the only feedback a student gets is from other students. I only received 1 feedback from the supposedly 3 each week for 4 weeks. I gave 3 stars because the videos are very good and good concepts but I paid far more money than they now charge. So I doubt I will finish the certificate because the final course relies only on student feedback which is non-existent.neutral
So overly simple with a lack of details in the steps.neutral
Overall, I sincerely think this course was useful to me. I did learn, and that is great. I got some good advice from the reviewers. And I appreciated most of the videos, especially the shop talks.But I wish the instructor or his staff were more present in the discussion area, and I would have preferred a better written material. The transcripts are not formatted. They are completely raw and difficult to use.Furthermore, I don't think it is normal that people duly registered to the class have difficulties to get their 3 reviews. Too many people have to ask for it in the forums.In conclusion, a good course with good video material, but a lack of presence and organization.neutral
I did learn. However, some info could of been better explained. I felt like some videos didn't really further my knowledge. And the lack of communication on the discussions by the professor, was quite unbelievable. More participation by the professor would be appreciated. I do understand there's many people doing this, but if other can, why couldn't he? Maybe have an assistant?Otherwise, like I said, I did learn a lot and I do appreciate it.neutral
The videos are quite interesting, though I think they are overly committed to very specific techniques. I did not, however, find the assignments and peer review system very helpful. People had a tendency, particularly on the first assignment, to read in requirements that were not actually stated or written down and failed people accordingly. There also does not seem to be enough people to review all of the assignments, either--perhaps due to the paywall for assignments. The very nature of the peer review system also guarantees you see a real range on the individual criteria you are evaluated on and the depth of the review. This exacerbates the very harsh "0 or 1" point option for all assignments (i.e. either you get a 1 and pass or you get a 0 and fail).Bottom line: I think the course materials are useful and at the very least interesting for developing writers, but I'm not sure it's worth the $79 entry fee to gain access to the peer review, unless you really need or want the course certificate.neutral
Someone needs to review/proofread the final part and assignment. Many students were/are confused about the final assignment. Revise the video too.neutral
For prospective students who are looking to enter the biostatistics/epidemiology field in the future. This course is designed as an in depth fundamentals of biostatistics where Professor Brain Caffo dives deep into some of the key formulas, origins of statistical formulas, and theoretical aspects of statistics.Great lecture with valuable information, however, due to the lack of engagement within the lectures, it absolutely leave students who have no background of Calculus or Linear Algebra in the dust with no reference to assist them in the course. Once or if a student has a solid foundation for the topics covered in this course, this information is very insightful and understandable.you might ask yourself, someone who doesn't have a prior knowledge of the material covered in the course if you should even take part in the course, my answer would still be yes, so long as you are willing take notes, save the videos, and return back to them at a later point once you build yourself up by studying calculus, statistics, and/or linear algebra.neutral
I need to have a class. I really think this course could hel me a lot.neutral
The material and presentation are at the highest level, but the course is lacking real life examples, and contexts.neutral
Quizzes are not challenging enoughneutral
It's only enter-level for people who don't know R. For those who already used R, it's not a good choice.neutral
There is a pretty big jump from the content to actually completing the assignment. The assignments are not well aligned with the swirl learning or the videos. There is no logical process taught about how to move forward if you get stuck. It often means a student is forced to search the internet and hope the answer they find is appropriate so they can write their own code.neutral
It's a good introductory course, but it's very basic and I feel that I paid a lot for a very basic experience. I do understand it is the first step in a full specialization but I think it can be more challenging.neutral
Very basic introductory course. Looking forward to the other modules.neutral
It was a good overview. I understand that it’s really just a quick intro into upcoming specialization courses. I wouldn’t take it alone. But I’m excited for the rest of the courses!neutral
Mostly preparatory material and setup activities for the rest of the series. It's OK, but not a revelation.neutral
Too little information and too basic.neutral
This course is a good start to give an overview on the toolbox you should be aware of to specialize in Data science or analysis. You don't need 4 weeks to complete to complete it! At best you could complete within a week or 2 days. Best of luck!neutral
The git and GitHub section is not very clear....neutral
Probably a good course if you aren't terribly familiar with GIT or some form of version control. It also helps to get all the tools in place to be ready for the other courses.neutral
Good starter setup. Looking forward to the technical portion of the Specialization.neutral
Not a bad intro; I don't know if anyone would benefit taking this as a standalone (or for an entire 4 weeks, for that matter). Still, it introduced some solid concepts for professionals and scholars, alike.neutral
The word 'toolbox' made me think there was more in the course. 'Introduction' or maybe' Overview ' may have been more accurate. Good course otherwise.neutral
This is a good, general introduction. A motivated student can run through it very, very quickly. As the first of ten courses, I understand that it is a very general introduction. Still, I think it could be ramped up a bit. Week 2 of the next course - R programming - is kind of a kick in the head if you're not a programmer. I feel like some of the content from R programming could have be included in the toolbox course in order to take advantage of the relatively light load.neutral
Too little substance, though I do expect the rest of the series to be good as I take this as a setup course and my expectations for those are high. Having said that, perhaps it would be wise to charge less for this initial course or even offer it for free.neutral
Though the course itself is introductory in nature, i wish there was a lecture on what and how exactly are these going to be useful with the help of a real life example and also an increase in the depth of the content.neutral
Too basic, not very informative. Waste of money.neutral
Good for a beginners course, could be a little more challenging.neutral
it could have been better if it was more hands-on learning, for instance I don't understand why did we learn CLI till now and how will I link it to my studiesneutral
Good course, but worth only for really basic learners.neutral
Very basic overview of the tools and installation of them. Should be an optional course rather than part of the specialization.neutral
Too little material for 4 weeks. All this could've been written in a PDF instead of videos.neutral
This course didn't teach me much about Data Science or the different areas to pursue after this introductory course. I probably could have got as much out of it as following the tutorials on GitHub and the new desktop tool. Following the tutorial which was made for windows was also a bit annoying at times. Finally I had to wait weeks to have my assignment marked and there is still conflicting information on the course page - in 'grades' it shows I didn't pass the week 4 task. On other pages it shows I did and earned 41 out of 41 points. However I can't see a confirmation of course completion.neutral
A good intro to the tools, but for anyone with prior programming experience unnecessaryneutral
There is a slight lack of clarity in videos in terms of audio and also in terms of what exactly the author/lecturer is trying to convey.neutral
Pretty simple, the Univ of Michigan Data Science with Python set the bar pretty high.neutral
Some video explanations are not so clear, so will be great to highlight some concepts, theory and methods or technical (with some reading), also will be great exhibit the latest news about toolbox(that is the current topic) or data scientistsneutral
nothing special, no significant knowledge gained.neutral
Github exposition is a little complicated. I believe it could be more detailed. But the rest is very well done!neutral
The course is too short and I didn't learn much.neutral
Not really a course, should just be Week 1 in course 2neutral
Good overview. Helpful introduction to topics covered in the specialization.neutral
Doing this course first doesn t make you anticipate how difficult could this speciality in the next courses :pneutral
Instructor speaks very fast so that i read subtitles instead of hearing what he say, in addition to i stop video more times to understand what he say, but totally the scientific and technical contents are great also his advises for us in which how we can find the answers for our questions about data scienceneutral
Super basic, each week was only about 30 minutes of video lecture... but I think that was their goal? Bad form on coursera for making you pay to submit assignments that are autograded to begin with.neutral
A very good for beginners.neutral
Basic introduction to the specialization. It was way too simple for me since I already have knowledge in machine learning.neutral
Really tough to review this class outside of the context of the other elements of the data scientist specialization. What was presented was straight-forward and quite well done. After I know how well prepared we are for next classes, I will re-evaluate.neutral
Basic introduction to data science.neutral
There wasn't much to learn that I didn't already know. There was a lot of talk but no real practical application (I guess except for github for people that didn't know how to use that).neutral
Not much of a course, I understand why it exists, but it's basically just getting setup with the environment. Almost not worthy of course status.neutral
Not really specific, just a broad indtroduction to data analysis.neutral
Quite basic - but good overview of general theory. Don't do this on its own, it's quite useless as a standalone moduleneutral
The course goes over the basic toolkit for data scientists. Overall it seemed too easy and maybe a bit simplistic. I was expecting more. There was a lot of optional reading made available in week 1, perhaps some optional assignments/quizzes related to that reading could be added to the course.neutral
Audio on videos was sometimes unclear. Course content was interesting.neutral
Thank you for the fantastic effort. Here's some constructive feedback on the course.It's a very basic course, could have included more material. Also, the audio quality is not that great. To make it better, I'd Include more walkthroughs for Git and GitHub.neutral
It was a great start to data science but also students should have it in mind that the material presented in the course won't be enough to get through it.neutral
illustration is not enough for the commands. More schematic description could help understanding the course much better.neutral
Just an introduction, not so great.neutral
very helpful but i think it is too short, i need some more concepts to fully understand what these tools used forneutral
Covered basic elements of data science and statistics.neutral
Gives a good overview of topics and the specialisation, however is still very basic. I'm looking forward to the next advanced coursesneutral
There is practically nothing in this course to learn. It can be termed as a introduction to the specializationneutral
Interesting, but could be improved with further applications.neutral
This course sets the stage for the rest of the Data Science specialisation.You get a lot of textbooks for free and they cover a lot of material.The quizzes are a little bit underwhelming, especially the first week. Too few questions, testing some questionable knowledge (eg, what other courses there are in the specialisation -- hardly a required tool in the data scientist's box).Overall, it's a good preparation for what is to come. It managed to whet my appetite for more , however I'm not sure the course is very useful on its own.neutral
I think the course was too superficial and didn't cover enough topics to be a standalone course. It could be part of a greater course. My feeling is that this wasn't worth $30 dollars, and that such a small course was put together just to charge for one more module.neutral
It is a very basic course to give you high level of what the course is going to cover and the tools that will be used throughout the course. If you have much programming background this course will be a breeze.neutral
concepts were very good but teaching method/material must improve...some of the materials and methods used are too unstable to be useful for professional use...more work should be done by instructors to separate the 'reliable' concepts/info from 'interesting to know but not ready for mass use'neutral
The first course is composed in articulate way that allows a simple and schematic way of comprehension, but some single parts of the first course seem to be lacking of some information, above all to me without previous experience in informatics tools like github. Maybe I suppose to master this tools too long in advance.neutral
It is not clear enough for a greenhand to understand, especially about installing Git on Mac or pushing files to Github.neutral
Good introduction, but the professor could have been more descriptive about how to use git/github. These are new concepts for people so it may be difficult to grasp right away.neutral
too easy,i wish we had more things do submit so we will learn moreneutral
The introduction of how to use github is undetailed in my opinion.neutral
The course is too easy to be called a course. Just an easy intro, which you can complete in a couple of days.neutral
Well presented, but this course should be optional in in the specialization. There isn't really enough material to justify it, but it does cover the basics for someone with little to no development experience.neutral
It is a good introductory course, but it could be optional for people with some experience in the field, as it is very basic.neutral
This one is just a warm up for the Data Science Specialization.neutral
This is a really basic course. If you have never touch code before, it's more useful, but little is actually covered here and the gap between it's contents and the next class, R programming is dramatic.neutral
A very basic overview on Data Science. You learn how to use git, rstudio, and other tools though. The other courses of the specialization are way better.neutral
Extremely useful info, but the material is too shallow to be satisfying.neutral
As a software engineer I found this course a bit useless, but I do understand other people don't have the same background. Having said that, I believe it should be optional in the specialization.neutral
It is a good intro course to get set up with everything you may need for future courses, but it's not necessary if you are already a little familiar with github and R.neutral
A great course. But I still think there is a lot of room for improvement.neutral
Good overview. But it is confusing for the first class when you have no idea about the topic.neutral
A bit odd this one. It hase some points, but most of the training is looking on what the other courses are.. Like paying for commercial :-)neutral
This is a required course in the Data Science specialization. If you're planning to take that specialization, you should start with this course. If not, you shouldn't bother - there's not much here.neutral
Very short, easy and introductory course. Gives a nice high altitude overview of the subject but little else.neutral
Overall the course content is good, but the power points are not engaging and interactive.neutral
Just an intro and learning a bit about Git and Git hub.neutral
It's a good preview, but very little is actually learned here.neutral
A little bite long regarding the concepts number developped in this course.neutral
It's ok. After the first lesson, I should be able to provide a clear elevator pitch with a high level understanding of what I can expect to accomplish (4 or 5 steps) as a Data Scientist. Instead, there was one slide that touched on this quickly, somewhere in the middle. What are the problems, how do I solve them, give samples.neutral
Decent for a start. Focuses too much on Github.neutral
I was hoping to learn more stuff I didn't already know. This class is more of just a vague overview of the other courses. Can be completed in 1 week.neutral
Course doesn't seem to be of much use. Was not much informative. Only some information is relevant.neutral
The course is basic, and quite simple. Some might say too simple. I think it should be about 1 week long. I already knew all the things going into it so it was easy to finish it over two days.neutral
Would have like to jump straight to the material. Although I understand some may need it, the command line course was pretty basic. This course on it's own doesn't give much. One can get started with Programming with R w/o missing too much.neutral
Could be completed in a single day but spread across 4 weeks. I could understand a week but 4 seems silly.neutral
Later courses are better. This one is quite easy.neutral
Not much content for this course, can be done in a few hours.neutral
I think this class is best for academic people. I did not find what i was looking for.neutral
Good as just an introduction to data science. Some more exercises using Github, maybe some collaborative works would have been nice.neutral
Good foundation for the following classes.neutral
great content, a little long course for the provided contentneutral
The instructions for using git and git hub left a lot to be desired.neutral
I think this course could be integrated into the other ones of the specialization, or, if it is meant to be just a course to get an overview, be free of charge.neutral
Might be a good introduction for those completely new to computational tools, but not useful for those with any background in git or R. Can be safely skipped.neutral
The materials are good, but it felt like this class should have a been a 1-week introductory lesson to Data Science. It is definitely now a 4-week class, maybe a a 2-week one if you take very easy. You end up with a basic setup for the next class. That I found very useful.neutral
This is a course to get you set up with all of the tools that you will need to go forward. No hard homework, but you will be ready to work. The intros into various aspects of the curriculum also serve to prepare you mentally for the coming weeks.neutral
Lots of very general review information, not much new stuff. Did force me to start getting familiar with gitHub.neutral
Very light workload if you're technically competent. I would have liked to have had more to do with the math and such...neutral
A good introduction to the course. Opening up quizzes to help feedback what we'd learned (for free learners) would have made the course much better!neutral
The sound volume is very lowneutral
Too simple. Personally feel this can be clubbed with R Programmingneutral
The course was fine, but I think it should be offered for free even if someone is doing the data science specialisation track. It is really just teaching you what data science is, and how to install a few programs.neutral
It was pretty good, but most of the information is rehashed briefly in the intro to R Programmingneutral
The course accomplished its goal. Nevertheless, since it is a paid course I expected to find more theoretical contentneutral
This should be at most a 1 week course, that is free. Half the course is installing Rstudio and signing up for github. The other half of the course is simply learning what each course down the pipeline is about. Those lectures could just be tacked onto the description of each course and you would get the same thing out of it.I think this course would be improved by more instruction on what git is and how to use it and maybe going over some fundamental statistical topics.neutral
A necessary prerequisite for the other Data Science classes, but not really a standalone course.neutral
it gives you the necessary tools and knowledge for just beginning the data mining course. so you cannot expect to learn about the process itself.neutral
Only include very basic contents, doesn't need 4 weeks to finish this course. More like a one or two day induction session.neutral
Basically if you take this course you are paying money to create an account on a website and download some software (both of which you can do for free). The rest of it is a preview of the other courses in the series. The quiz questions don't correspond to the information on the slides. I successfully passed the course, but I didn't really learn anything. Now I am debating on whether or not to continue to the R programming course after reading through the reviews of that course.neutral
It is not worth 30$neutral
Upgrade to submit? That's meaningless. Especially for this fundamental course.neutral
Doesn't provide a strong enough base for R Programming.neutral
With many thanks to the instructors, I expected to learn more. I did not learn as much as a 4-week course in Coursera. Please include more materials and avoid advertising for other topics in the future courses!neutral
It's kind of too easyneutral
Probably more useful for someone with no background in programming.neutral
i feel i just learn the superficial knowlegeneutral
the lectures are full of the Prof misspeaking, this leads to you not knowing how to complete the task because the Prof can NOT communicate properly to us while we listening to the lectures... it seems like they completely missed the fact that NONE of us are data scientists...Now your Audience......neutral
The overall outline are great. However, the contents and requirements of this course are too simple to be integrated as a whole course. I think 1 lecture should be enough. I am looking forward to deeper introduction.neutral
It's way to easy to be a separate course. It should be part of R Programming.neutral
Not useful by itself, but grudgingly necessary to get you ready for subsequent courses in the specialization.neutral
Good but needs more assistance with the students.neutral
This course is very basic for a person with an IT background, but nevertheless might come in handy for people without relevant experience.neutral
This is a very basic course. If you are already a software engineer you could zoom through this entire course in an evening. If you are not a software engineer and don't know what things like github are, this class could be useful.neutral
I have mixed feelings. It was WAY too easy for me, but my wife did it too and it was about right in difficulty for her. But either way, I felt like it just taught you to install stuff rather than actually teaching meaningful material.neutral
Useful steps for starting the specialisation, but should this really be a course that people are paying for? Come on guys. By the way, some R programming concepts could be introduced here and de-clutter the congested/crammed R programming course.neutral
Good course about getting the basics for the Data Science specialization, but a bit overpriced, as the content is low, and can easily be done in 4-5 hours.neutral
Very light & not really consistent with the heavy workload of subsequent courses. Felt it could have been much much stronger explaining GitHub- which shows up as a problem in latter courses strongly suggesting that toolbox does not effectively cover GitHub for newbiesneutral
Very Basic Course. Doesn't require the time that was allotted to it.neutral
Course was good, nice introduction to data science and its branches. There was not much of depth.neutral
Very basic if one has already worked with software before.neutral
Good overview of existing tools but more information will be useful to dig into the data world.neutral
Very basic material, but a good introduction and a necessary step to ensure a baseline of knowledge for future courses in the data science specialization. I would only take this course if you are interested in the specialization otherwise save your money and google the info you need.neutral
A good beginning to a promising journeyneutral
Insufficient available project available for review and thus unable to pass course due to technicality. This is a major problem. The course should still be passable even in the absence of sufficient other projects to review, which is a problem that no student has any control over.neutral
Too easy if you already know anything about github or Rstudio, although I do understand the need for an introductory course. The "Experimental Design" video was the only really useful part and contained quite entertaining examples.neutral
It's a very basic introduction. Would be nice to have the option to skip it for more advanced students.Also the recorded lectures are really quite, so you have to turn up the speaker a lot.neutral
This course should be a free trial for whole specialisation. IT will be more helpful for students to know what is further stored in the specialisation.neutral
It is useful to get to know the software that staticians use and some review about them but it doesn't teach you how to use them. A good introductory course for the specialization track but useless as a unique course.neutral
The real basics of data analysis. The course is not bad I would just say it may be too simple even for an introductory courseneutral
Needed a step-by-step information sheet about what R Software and Tools need to be downloaded with links.neutral
Thought it was too easy to be its own course :)neutral
It is a good course, however, I would have liked deeper knowledge in gitneutral
Good and basic understanding of terms.Can be made vast.neutral
The part of explaining Predictive and Inferential Analysis is confusing. I think it won't hurt to give some more specific examples and methods used in each case. Both types of analyses involve sampling, so I think it is necessary to keep it clear how that sample can be used to either "infer" or "predict".neutral
This is a good introductory course to some of the tools but it doesn't go into the details of R programming or Data Science.neutral
Quite basic, but good to set the needed programsneutral
I enjoyed the start up course and look forward to more, but am battling to figure out how to sign-up for the next step all roads seem to force me back to the Toolkit.neutral
The content is very basic. The whole course took my around 6 hours to finish. I think the instructor should add more solid training on GitHub.neutral
Very common curse about common data things.neutral
You don't really learn all that much, but then again I have experience with R and some data stuff already, so perhaps it'd be more useful for someone else.neutral
Getting started with the toolsneutral
Learned a bit but overall it is literally not worth the price of admission. I think that this course could be offered for free and maybe the others are worth paying for. Hope that the rest of the specialization is worthwhileneutral
highly recommended for newbs in any kind of development, otherwise waste of time.neutral
The course was very limited, it should have been combined with Introduction to R.neutral
From the basic layout of the course you would assume it's for beginners since it covers step-by-step instructions to install software and run command on command line window.But on the other hand, many advanced concepts are slipped in this course without even basic introduction. I remember in one class, "data dredging" is discussed for about 2-3 minutes. But the instructor did not give a brief description about what it is, instead it just goes on about when you do not have clear question in your mind, you would run the risk of data dredging.I think the course could be organized in a better way. But I do appreciate the instructors' hard work of putting up such a 10-course specialization.neutral
Course content good but a little too basic in my eyes. I think the addition of more functions in SAS/Python would be useful. Having to do peer reviews is also not ideal.neutral
A decent start for anyone interested in learning the basics. However, please make sure you add extra efforts from your end in understanding stats concepts if you are totally new to the subject as well as browsing things related to usage of SAS or python. The course touches only the basics so it is up the learner to explore and learn more about interested statistical tool.neutral
It is a good beginners course but I think there are better lessons in SAS and Python if learning these is your goal, and the content in data cleaning and visual analysis is very basic.neutral
I appreciate the fact that this course doesn't go into the fine detail on how to code everything, I believe there is still more information on the coding and data management practices that could be included in the course content. In addition to that, I feel the course could use the following adjustments to make it better:1 - Have Python students grade other Python students and SAS students grade other SAS students. While it is nice to get exposure to another language, it is more than enough to learn one at a time.2 - Add quizes and/or other well formed questions that are graded (automatically, not peer graded) to help enforce the concepts being taught.3 - Make the assignment instructions/expectations more clear. I feel there are times when the grading criteria don't exactly match the requested assignment. While people follow the spirit of the assignment, the grading questions may ask for slightly different or additional items.4 - Certain aspects of statistical analysis are glossed over and should be covered in more depth in the training videos. While I like the short videos for brevity, I would prefer to watch 10-15 minutes more content and really feel like the material was well covered.neutral
Course material needs to updated to reflect current software updates.neutral
It was good overall, some of the course materials were a bit sparse. You had to do your own research into getting packages working in spyder etc.I'd probably recommend that learners learn some python separately and read the docs for pandas.neutral
Very superficial. Too few in statistics, too much in python and SAS.neutral
The course has its positives, but overall does not perform well instructing on the use of the two statistical software offered (SAS & Python). At the beginning they offer multiple data sets to use and formulate a research question, but all the examples utilize only one data set and do not cover the differences you might face with the other data sets - leading to a lot of missed opportunities. Additionally, the tutorials for using the statistical software do not lend themselves towards a thorough understanding and more to a route learning.neutral
The course is a very good introduction to Python for data exploration and management.That being said, it focuses too much on categorical data analysis, and I felt the transition to quantitative/continuous data was not very well done.Moreover, some more explanations about several Python functions or coding choices could be better explained.But it's encouraging to see this type of statistical course for Python and not R!! Again!neutral
The slides are excellent and instructions are clear and to the point. But that point is very limited. The main negative about this class is that there is absolutely no student/TA/teacher feedback and you're pretty much on your own learning.neutral
They put a lot of effort into this course, but especially for the videos it was a bit too much. So many different visual backgrounds, sounds, music, text floating it... It's as if they just wanted to use everything, while never thinking about when it would start being too distracting.neutral
good but i thought it will cover most of SAS technology. But it has covered basics only .neutral
A great idea to create a project based online course. We should focus on application based learning not on lectures. You need improve this course still. 4 weeks are to short.We need more deep and more weeks.neutral
Most of the courses/lectures seemed to be very basic Project Management principles. Some lectures did give a good background and high level understanding of Construction Project Management, but expected a bit more in depth info.Last lesson/assignment required more research on my part as it required general construction knowledge. The reason I took to this course was to get a better, high-level understanding of construction project management and planning, however, the Job Logic assignment expected that I would know what all is involved in the technical workings in construction (i.e. excavation, prepping, waterproofing, etc.) in which I have no experience or knowledge. A 2-hour assignment took me more than 3 hours to complete.neutral
Overall it's good. Depending on the customer's level of experience in construction. Some of the classes are very basic knowledge. But the structure of the course is consistent.neutral
I did not think the instructors were very engaging. For the most part they read from slide decks that were also on the screen. There should be more visuals and discussion about what it is like to work in construction management.neutral
This course offers valuable information on the different aspects of Construction Project Managment. The only critic I have is that the instructions/grading rubric for the assignments are terribly vague. The assignment starts with a simple example in the videos which the student can reasonably replicate and create their own version. The problem starts when you begin the peer-assignment grading and realize the grading points are painfully specific. Now you have to go back and re-do your homework assignment after you learned what was really expected from the student. This wouldn't be an issue except that your second draft may not get graded if all of the students are done grading. Plus it's annoying to have to re-do work that you could have done right the first time but the guidelines were unclear.neutral
Good start with Fundamentals. Need to take more advanced courses to gain indepth knowledge.neutral
A good course with valuable insights, however, I'd like to see more assignmentsneutral
Very good audio and video quality. Explanations are very understandable and given with a lot of examples. Summaries and connections between the different content parts are provided regularly.neutral
While I enjoyed this course and learned quite a bit, I think the strong leaning of the content toward use of materials for educational purposes should be made much clearer in the class title and description. Another primary complaint is that many of the quiz questions are are poorly written, requiring assumptions to be made outside of the information presented with the question. On a positive note, the wealth of supplementary content is very helpful.neutral
The course is very well structured, but the teacher is boringneutral
I expected much deeper knowledge for the course.neutral
I felt like the teaching was fairly abstract, and I had a difficult time figuring out how I was supposed to apply certain lessons. Overall, I did pick up several helpful hints, so the course was worth it.neutral
I did come away with some good books/stories for reading, but would have like them to be included in the course the way it is in the Setting and Description module. I found the videos did not always lead up to the assignment, and I think the assignments could have been more clearly laid out. I still came away learning, but it did not feel very structured. To be fair, character is a sort of amorphous subject to begin with.neutral
The course information was great and the assignments were very helpful. What lost points for the course was not the content provided by Wesleyan, which was good, but the poor effort on the part of many of the fellow students to really work on constructive critiques. For each assignment I had at least one of the three peer reviews that was useless to me to improve my writing, sometimes more. There should be a way to rate critiques so that students can't move on if they don't do the work of critiquing well.neutral
If the week 4 was not there, i would have a 2 or even a 1 for this class.Until week 4, there was very little connection between what we were watching and what we were asked to write assignments. And the assignments were also confusing and overly restrictive. There didnt seem to be any sense in why we were asked to write those.neutral
I think Judy Bloom is a brilliant writer. She is also an engaging instructor but I found it difficult at time to discern what the salient points or "take-aways" were from the lectures. I also found the assignment to be less than clear.neutral
As much as I enjoyed completing this course, as I've enjoyed every course in this program, this one feels less organised than the others simply in that the learning material doesn't clearly connect with the writing material and it was difficult to predict what the review criteria might be. I found myself guessing at the meaning of each week's modules before completing my assignments and more often than not I discovered little correlation between the videos and assignments.neutral
I found the assignment instructions to be quite confusing. Some of the questions asked for the peer-to-peer reviews were very unclear. I didn't feel the course, overall, offered the same level of content and knowledge that the Craft of Plot offered.neutral
This course is beneficial to all those who struggle with character plot. I thoroughly enjoyed it.neutral
Excellent lectures. Assignments were a little too "exercisey" for me.neutral
Compared to other courses in the creative writing specialization, I felt that this one needs some improvement. The video lectures just didn't have enough meat to them. For example, in other courses in the specialization, there will be links to optional readings or videos, leading to a deeper understanding of the concepts. Some readings, for example, would be welcome to give example of great (or even not so great) characterization.neutral
The lectures in this class are well done and informative, and they provide a lot of good material. However, the assignment portion needs a lot of work. The instructions weren't clear for anyone taking the class which resulted in incredibly difficult grading. It was hard to even understand the basic ideas of what was required for an assignment.I think the teacher very much needs to go back and change the wording of the assignments, add more information in the instructions, and also post an example to show what is expected since a lot of the assignments are very strange, like a describing a character without mentioning the character in any way.neutral
The excercises on the course are great, but the videos can be a little vague.neutral
Good course, but assignment instructions were difficult to understand at times and no examples were given.neutral
I've got the chance to practice writing and I've learned some interesting insights, but I think the instructor didn't put too much effort into this course. All there is to it are 'shop talks' and too little structure.neutral
The course information was great and the assignments were very helpful. What lost points for the course was not the content provided by Wesleyan, which was good, but the poor effort on the part of many of the fellow students to really work on constructive critiques. For each assignment I had at least one of the three peer reviews that was useless to me to improve my writing, sometimes more. There should be a way to rate critiques so that students can't move on if they don't do the work of critiquing well.neutral
if you are looking for a killer course on this topic , then this course will disappoint you .best suited for very beginner and some refresher for the older guys .neutral
Not all the DSDs were useful, and some of the content is very dated (such is the nature of a MOOC that isn't maintained), but it was useful to learn about methodologies and tools to think creatively about issues and solving problems.neutral
This course is okay, kind of a bit slow-paced.neutral
The content was inconsistently delivered and the topics disorganized. The content was excellent, although a bit repetitive at the end.neutral
The MOOC was good and full of hidden treasures. Unfortunatelly, last week had a very low quality - it was the only part I wasn't able to take out anything. Week , on the other hand, was full of interesting techniques prsented in weekly homework and surely worth further investigation. To sum up: I'm glad I finished it, but I suggest to rearrange it's form - add some videoes, and remove other ones.all the best,Piotr Milewskineutral
The quality of videos was pretty poor. The question and answer format of discussion was not a great idea (might have been great for kids videos). Doesn't enthuse us to continue the course. Thanks however for putting the effort and making this available to everyone for free. Really appreciate that.neutral
Good but many problems with platform... and help center not easy to accessneutral
No engagement from faculty, if you have questions regarding anything in the course, no one will answer them. Unclear and incomplete instructions for assignments. Overall, probably my worst experience with Coursera.neutral
Interesting, but elementary content. But absolutely no support from 'teachers'.neutral
Good for what it is: a rock-bottom basic introduction. I would have appreciated more technical instruction in how to create complex, involved visualizations and less philosophizing and design ethos. A better name might have been "What is Data Visualization? A Course In Tableau For Non-Professionals" or something like that.neutral
Contents are excellent.The only disappointing is that It costs to submit assignments.neutral
PWM Switch modelling and use of that to simplify converter modelling not covered in detail.More theoretical. Intuition on the models that we derive is not there.neutral
I liked it a lot but I didn't´t find helpful the assignments and how they were asked to be corrected. The assignments ask you to list things that were seen during the course but dont´t push the learner to think and look up for further information in the topic. I have also taken Business Strategy also from University of Illinois and, in my opinion, the assignments are very well conducted and the make you think and go beyond the course info.I think this is very important to address it properly because it is when the learner really acquire the knowledge, when he/she has to connect what he/she has learnt with real cases.neutral
Needs to structured a bit better.Answers to discussions if provided will be very helpful and help analyse situations in the way instructor aims to.The MIT Case readings, not 10min things, thos cases are all like 20 pages+!neutral
Nice but only for those who search their first job.neutral
I found some of the topics repetitive and trivial, already covered in previous courses of the specialization. However, there was good advice that still makes it a worthwhile course.neutral
It seemed to me that it is a good introduction for someone totally new to the topic.neutral
Informative and well presented, but honestly you need to make the core readings available online, as it makes it really difficult to possibly get the most out of this course. I live in a remote part of Australia where are no universities or public libraries which would have a copy of the book by Calhoun, and even if I had been able to afford the book it would have taken 6 weeks or more to get to me. So I read the alternative readings but it clearly wasn't enough to get the quiz questions right which were obviously extracted directly from content of the Calhoun book. If it isn't possible to make sections of this book available online then you should at least rewrite some of the quiz questions so that they are accessible to students who can't get hold of a copy of the book.neutral
Course have nice subject, but somehow cannot take my full attention all the time. Missing more practical examples.neutral
Had important problems with SAS which were due to a bug in the software but did not receive any help from moderators. However the course was good and interesting.neutral
Interesting but very superficial I would say.neutral
There was no explanation about background mathematics. Grading metrics are unclear because assessment of assignments are only peer grading.neutral
Very basic introduction and not thorough or mathematical enough.neutral
There is a lot of self-teaching with these courses because there are no professors present to reach out to with questions. In addition, the course staff do not always respond promptly nor are they fully knowledgeable about all aspects of error messages that may arise out of coding. At times the code that were provided in the lecture videos were out of date and a lot of time was spent on googling to find the updated code. This is definitely not a beginner coder course and I do not recommend it to anyone who has not coded before.neutral
The course has intrinsic value, but as the complexity of the materials covered, the weekly slides were a priority to allow students to grasp better the materials covered. Just relying in the videos to assimilate the content is not an effective form of learning. Also pausing the videos to watch the definitions in most cases was ineffective as it was hard to see it properly. Please consider to release the lecture slides to all courses. If the slides were available, that would helped me to go further in my learning proccess. That's why I only give a 3/5. The slides are determinant to improve and master (to some extent) the materials covered.neutral
The course is clear and goes at a sustained but correct pace. I really like the fact to show the weakness to understand what are the requirements of a secure PRF, PRP & co!Optional programming assignments are really interesting unfortunately they take too much time to do and lack of guidance as it could be the case for the famous ML course. At least the first exercises should provide a development environment to get familiar with: hex, crypto libs, dictionary research, stats algorithms implementation ...The first two weeks lack of in-video tests.neutral
Generally, a fair intro to key topics in "Cybersecurity and Mobility", however some of the sources are dated (and could be updated), given the fast-paced nature of the field. Still, worth some time if you want to learn more about where current trends are heading.neutral
A little dated, with most material and research presented from the glorious days of 2012. The issues at hand are however still valid, thoughneutral
This course provided some god information on version control and file naming conventions, but a lot of the lessons just refer to the DDI protocol.neutral
This is a an important topic and more scientists (and students in the sciences) should learn about this but the quizzes are not great as a learning aid and my motivation is running through lows.neutral
Personally they should add a free textbook and a vocabulary list with clear examples.So yes this course could benefit from more detail time to timeneutral
A free book to read would have been nice.neutral
The material is fine but the course isn't taught well. The instructor tends to start talking immediately in subject jargon and abbreviations without first giving students an intro or explaining foundation material first. It seems a lot of material is left out of the lectures and slides on purpose and forces students to buy the instructor recommended text book (which is also authored by the instructor). After each lecture I'm forced to Google search a lot of what was mentioned before I even understood half of what the instructor was talking about. I didn't pay to listen to something that forces me to Google search everything.neutral
This course is really helpful About Database Systems.neutral
Great content, horrible technical support from Coursera and the team that runs this program (since it is clearly obvious that Michael Mannino just recorded the videos and is not part of the class anymore).neutral
Nice introductory course for database management. Assignments are challenging enough for beginners like me but I like that. If I'm already 'investing' my time into something I expect to learn something in return. This course gave me that kind of reciprocity. Course would benefit from radically different approach to video-lessons. Reading from power-point slides which are written in the same manner, have identical structure tends to become tedious after a while. Professor seems nice and knowledgeable but a bit more relaxed and/or engaging approach would be beneficial to many. Oh, and peer-reviewed grading, wherever possible, should be replaced with an auto-grader. That's not a critique, though. Not quite sure if it's even possible with this kind of material.neutral
The course was clear, I had difficulties to find course materials, especially examples were used in the video class, I wish they had been put in more obvious places.neutral
Do not be fooled by the course description. You do need to know some basics before attempting the course. Be prepared to look a lot of things up independently or purchase the "optional" text book. There is virtually no moderator in this course and the instructor does not grade or comment on the discussions. Basically he is reading you PowerPoint slides and adding very little to the lesson by watching and listening to him do so. Your grades are based on what your peers (who are also trying to learn) think or interpret the correct answer to be based on their limited knowledge and discretion. I would not recommend this course for someone wishing to learn SQL as it is not the main focus, it is only a small part of the lessons.neutral
Pros: Information is perfect for anyone looking at Business Intelligence as a career field, or already in the career field itself. I found the first week to challenge my on-the-job knowledge of a fuller set of concepts and general terminology.Cons: The wording on the quiz questions, in some cases, seems much different than the PPT slides and the instructor's language. UPDATE: The wording is a significant challenge, even when advancing into the more complex topics. I have had many differences of opinions on the solutions based on wording in the requirements.neutral
The specialization is great, and the course breadth and topics described in each is equally good. For this course, however, I felt like I could have covered what was taught by myself with a book, i.e. I didn't feel like it was class room level engaging with the explanations.I realized this is a one way MOOC, but I've taken courses off and on since they came out, and some others felt more interactive. This was more of here's a slide, I will read what's on the slide and explain some topics. The assignments were not bad, but definitely took more time than stated (just keep that in mind). The other thing that would help immensely is having TAs in the course. It's possible that they may get some later, but I've felt I learned/got feedback a lot more in courses with TAs.That said, this is an excellent introduction to databases course, and there's not many of them out there. If I had to go it again, I would, and I also paid for getting the cert - if anything for career advancement and having it on your LinkedIn profile as a starter DB course.neutral
Pros: The course content covers a lot of relevant topics on Database Management. Things like Basic SQL queries, Database Normalization, Conceptual and Logical databases, and making ER diagrams are covered in the course.Cons: Prof Mannino is a bit robotic in his reading out of long sentences and the constant pace of talking. There is tons of repetition of sentences and words mere seconds after they were just spoken. The lectures seem to be a collection of bullet points.The assignments and the peer review structure is really a low point. There's no specific grading rubric - so points allocation is random and based on your peer's assessment. I had many instances where my right answers were marked as wrong. There is nothing you can do to correct it. Moreover, the questions are iterative and thus the same apparent error carries on and you get multiple wrong scores.Assignments need to be submitted in documents. Separate documents for each question !! At times, even a one-line answer needs to be in a separate document. Pictures of database diagrams need to be pasted in said documents. It was a bit frustrating to take screenshots all the time. Especially when you make a small correction, and have to take screenshots AGAIN, then paste it AGAIN, and upload AGAIN !!Summary: Take the course for it's content, and use the assignments as good practice. Don't take the grading seriously. Also, focus on the content rather than the delivery by the professor, and you will still be able to get some value out of the course (and the specialization by extension)neutral
I found the content was great but the style of lectures were a bit too robotic and not conversational. This didn't help the learning process. Also, the course admin might consider explaining 'On' 'And' 'Where' 'TIMESTAMP', 'DateDiff' more than what was provided.neutral
Interesting, I would have liked to deepen SQL knowledge and practice. The conceptual parti seems a little bit too important.neutral
I wish to have more contact with the academic crew.neutral
It's Ok, nothing much to gain iin terms of knowledge realted to cyber conflict.neutral
I like the comparisons between past physical wars and current cyberwar. However, the course take the long way to explain very basic elements of nations interactions and trust.neutral
The videos were not always easy to understand because of the unclear pronouncing of the key speaker. Also although most of the tests were easy to complete, the ones that you had to write the answer down instead of only choosing the correct answer, were hard since if one word you wrote was wrong you lost the question.neutral
Wished the course was a deeper dive into this area.neutral
On the positive side I emphasise the importance of bringing this topic to a Coursera course. Also the readings were important and added value to the learning experience.On the other hand there are - in my opinion some aspects that made this course a not so rich experience. First, there are some audio issues in the videos. Second, the quizzes are excessively easy and the in video quizzes should not appear in the weekly assignments. If there are required readings, some of the quiz questions should relate to those readings. This way students had an incentive to go over those readings. But the most salient thing that made my experience very limited was the fact that one of the instructors - the one that presented most of the videos, was excessively nervous and all that he did was read the slides, in most cases not doing so naturally and committing errors, rephrasing, stopping, changing speed. I found it very, very difficult to follow along what he was saying. I had to focus only on the slides, otherwise I would get distracted. I think it is ok to be nervous or at ease, but the team should alerted him to this, and shoot the videos again and again until they had acceptable and balanced quality.A minor thing, I would like to had available the weekly slides to further reflection. I think the video issues that I've mentioned should been carefully planned before this course made it mainstream.This is my opinion. Hope it will help you for future improvements of the course and/or other offerings.Ricardo Oliveiraneutral
Interesting to try R hands on. Could have made more definitive statements on the usefulness of each test (there was lots of 'you could have a look at this analysis, or this one, or this one' without covering why each one would be particularly good for this case). Some of the later exercises also made quite of a leap in terms of what you were expected to know about R syntax, although the follow up answers were good if you didn't understand what was expected.neutral
