i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it is clear that the instructor gives descriptions and details of the class topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
you taught me somethingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
too much work?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
thanks for making us feel comfortable askingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
thanks for making us feel comfortable askingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the work is unnecessaryThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
most of the mistakes are made because the teacher speaks softly and is difficult to listen toThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
too much work?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please thank you for every time ajarn gives me adviceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'd like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance and gradingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
for clear teaching i think the students should discuss in the classroomThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
the teacher doesn't follow me often because of my englishThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
number of assignments is too manyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i would like to have a class on campusThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i always recommend that learning in the lab or computer help students learn betterThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it is clear that the instructor gives descriptions and details of the class topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
everything else is fantastic except when you use it for workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i like the feedback that the instructor gives in classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
you can use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
many students fail this course each year therefore i think the faculty should consider that this course could be changed and examine itThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the lecture is easy to understand after the instructor teachesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students may be able to revise the material themselvesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i would like to have a class on campusThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that the instructor should explain the content in more detail because I was not able to understand several parts of the lectures. Also, I had trouble understanding the content in the slides because the connection between the topics in the slides is not clear and the explanation for several parts is complicated. Each slide introduced a new topic, and I was unable to see the overall picture of the topics and how this slide is related to the previous or the next. Also, as for the explanations, the way that the content is explained is quite confusing and give a clear explanation of the content. Several parts were standalone sentences that were difficult to connect with what the topic is about and the other parts of the explanation. I had to do quite extensive external learning through several websites on the internet to understand several parts of the lectures because I could not understand the explanations provided in the slides. I would like the slides to be better organized and the explanations of the content, both in the slides and when the instructor explains the content, to be clearer and more easily understandable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral  .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more work as a HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more work as a HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The problem with most of the students, including me at some point in the learning experience, is that they cannot remember the [topic] . I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are many students each year that fail this course. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I do urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that the students may be able to revise the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a way of teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
can you extend the deadline for the assignment by a day? pleaseThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
number of assignments is too manyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i really like the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
everything else is fantastic except when you use it for workThe sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
i can't understand what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the teacher doesn't follow me often because of my englishThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
most of the mistakes are made because the teacher speaks softly and is difficult to listen toThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
most of the discrepancies are due to the teacher speaking very softly and it is difficult to listenThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i like the feedback that the instructor gives in classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'd like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance and gradingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what if we could get more information about the project descriptionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i can't understand what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
the work is unnecessaryThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i always recommend that learning in the lab or computer help students learn betterThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
instructor listened to me very cordially and professionally every time i asked for assistance from the instructorThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like the instructor to list the assignment in the systemThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
most of the discrepancies are due to the teacher speaking very softly and it is difficult to listenThe sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
instructor listened to me very cordially and professionally every time i asked for assistance from the instructorThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like the instructor to list the assignment in the systemThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
you taught me somethingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i love teachers because they read our work before qa session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
can you extend the deadline for the assignment by a day? pleaseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what if we could get more information about the project descriptionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
it is clear that the instructor gives descriptions and details of the class topicThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the teacher doesn't follow me often because of my englishThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
he taught a little too quicklyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
instructor listened to me very cordially and professionally every time i asked for assistance from the instructorThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
please slow down a little i'm mostly not able to catch up with the noteThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you can use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i'd like to have more flexibility about hybrid classes online and offlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'd like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance and gradingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the lecture is easy to understand after the instructor teachesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the lecture is easy to understand after the instructor teachesThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
it is clear that the instructor gives descriptions and details of the class topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
the original deadline of the final homework overlapped with the deadline for other examsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'm happy to study with the instructor classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i don't think this class is necessary for an ict studentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like the teacher to have a past video because i'd like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance and gradingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
number of assignments is too manyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i want the teacher to teach slowlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'm happy to study with the instructor classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
i'd like to have more flexibility about hybrid classes online and offlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
it's a way of teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
instructor listened to me very cordially and professionally every time i asked for assistance from the instructorThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
i urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students may be able to revise the material themselvesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you taught me somethingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i'd like the instructor to list the assignment in the systemThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
everything else is fantastic except when you use it for workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i don't think this class is necessary for an ict studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the lecture is easy to understand after the instructor teachesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
deadline for sending work is quite fast in some casesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
for clear teaching i think the students should discuss in the classroomThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
too much work?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i love teachers because they read our work before qa session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
deadline for sending work is quite fast in some casesThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i love teachers because they read our work before qa session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
he taught a little too quicklyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
too much work?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i like the feedback that the instructor gives in classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the instructor's knowledge and experience is certainly extensive during my contact with the instructor and i could realize that he is very efficient academicallyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
you can use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive.
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to seeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive.
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I do urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that the students may be able to revise the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of content organization is negative .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. Having individual assignment every week on top of gorup assignment, every week, is simply just too much considering this term's subjects. Individual homework often consist of having to list the meaning of this amount of words which in my opinion, didn't help me gain knowledge and certainly not [course] knowledge. The assigments or project requirement are sometimes unreasonable. Having the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as phase one is just simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile and yet they still expect us to deliver the same amount of pages as phase one. I also have issues with the questions in midterm exam. I can't simply cannot make sense of some of the question they decided to ask us. Why would having us list the tasks of team prject member and rate them test my knowledge of [course]. How would letting us give meaning to some words in an open-book exam benefit us when we do jobs in the future. It also took me almost all of this semester time to just find the meaning and importance of [course] and it's not by the class or exam or project but simply by my own research. Also we do we need to do executive summary and summary to every group assignment when sometimes the content is just half a page.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i really like the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
deadline for sending work is quite fast in some casesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
many students fail this course each year therefore i think the faculty should consider that this course could be changed and examine itThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i don't think this class is necessary for an ict studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
can you extend the deadline for the assignment by a day? pleaseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i'd like to have more flexibility about hybrid classes online and offlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
each time i want to check or submit my tasks i'm unsure which one i should chooseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you can use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'm happy to study with the instructor classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the instructor's knowledge and experience is certainly extensive during my contact with the instructor and i could realize that he is very efficient academicallyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
he taught a little too quicklyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please thank you for every time ajarn gives me adviceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i always recommend that learning in the lab or computer help students learn betterThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i don't think this class is necessary for an ict studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the instructor's sound is often hard to hearThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the original deadline of the final homework overlapped with the deadline for other examsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please slow down a little i'm mostly not able to catch up with the noteThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
the instructor's knowledge and experience is certainly extensive during my contact with the instructor and i could realize that he is very efficient academicallyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
the instructor is a very nice mentor the instructor gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphereThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like to have more flexibility about hybrid classes online and offlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
what if we could get more information about the project descriptionThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
the instructor is a very nice mentor the instructor gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphereThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
each time i want to check or submit my tasks i'm unsure which one i should chooseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the instructor's sound is often hard to hearThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a way of teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. Having individual assignment every week on top of gorup assignment, every week, is simply just too much considering this term's subjects. Individual homework often consist of having to list the meaning of this amount of words which in my opinion, didn't help me gain knowledge and certainly not [course] knowledge. The assigments or project requirement are sometimes unreasonable. Having the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as phase one is just simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile and yet they still expect us to deliver the same amount of pages as phase one. I also have issues with the questions in midterm exam. I can't simply cannot make sense of some of the question they decided to ask us. Why would having us list the tasks of team prject member and rate them test my knowledge of [course]. How would letting us give meaning to some words in an open-book exam benefit us when we do jobs in the future. It also took me almost all of this semester time to just find the meaning and importance of [course] and it's not by the class or exam or project but simply by my own research. Also we do we need to do executive summary and summary to every group assignment when sometimes the content is just half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students each year that fail this course. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .