Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive.
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to seeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive.
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I do urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that the students may be able to revise the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of content organization is negative .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. Having individual assignment every week on top of gorup assignment, every week, is simply just too much considering this term's subjects. Individual homework often consist of having to list the meaning of this amount of words which in my opinion, didn't help me gain knowledge and certainly not [course] knowledge. The assigments or project requirement are sometimes unreasonable. Having the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as phase one is just simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile and yet they still expect us to deliver the same amount of pages as phase one. I also have issues with the questions in midterm exam. I can't simply cannot make sense of some of the question they decided to ask us. Why would having us list the tasks of team prject member and rate them test my knowledge of [course]. How would letting us give meaning to some words in an open-book exam benefit us when we do jobs in the future. It also took me almost all of this semester time to just find the meaning and importance of [course] and it's not by the class or exam or project but simply by my own research. Also we do we need to do executive summary and summary to every group assignment when sometimes the content is just half a page.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Overall, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could get the film in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker in the online value of the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In my opinion too many tasksThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on Unix -based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the X86_64 Architecture.cannot install).The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content when they went too quickly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.If the table is wider when placing the box and the laptop, it is further.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could AJ use the film that does not contain a fixed color such as blue or black background, because if the students have to print the material for the exam, they are difficult to read or have to print it with color ink ink or please give the film to the format,that we can edit ourselves?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homework is every week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very nice and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [software], [software] etc., since writing in [software] is quite delayed and it sometimes makes it difficult to read it in advance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Trainer] accent is difficult to understand, a lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homework should also give an answer and also check homework.If the test has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The fact that teacher lessons are very good led to the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive.
Homework that is done without a clear answer, which leads to the idea that it is a training session, but without knowing whether it is wrong or not, this can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is very difficult in the last part. I think there should be an adaptation to the Kirikulum and perhaps exclude a topic. In my opinion, there are too complicated in my opinion to be taught in an entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to be handled. A certain assignment is not nectar and waste. Several individual tasks look like a project.B. to have the report, 20 pages, summarized more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learn what is really [course], I only have the meaning of each semester and don't get feedback from the submitted task, I have learned almost nothing and the trainer does not seem to worry about how the students feel about themBecome no changes compared to the previous comments.No criminal offense of instructors, but not many people are interested in the class for me, and the class visit was miserable. Please try a little bit on a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, has to read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I do not know how the content was taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Ajarn publishes the project 2 very late, but it should be published in the curriculum at the beginning of November. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If you want to have a workshop, try to use different tools to display the imageThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The trainer gives descriptions and details in the class topic very clearly,The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow the teacher from time to time because of English.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a bit too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] visited me very warmly and professionally every time I applied for support.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
The lecture sled content sometimes has too many content for digestion of students, but still appreciated that this course with [trainer] and [trainer] study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Please slow down a little. I usually can't get to take the note.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of researching the first five weeks of this course and fun in various workers overall, I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, which leads to the idea that it is a training session, but without knowing whether it is wrong or not, this can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If you want a workshop, try to use different tools to see themThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility via hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name.And indicate a little timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want teachers to be more flexible if they check attendance courses and evaluate the classification.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we quiz when the lessons begin better than we simply go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take about 2 hours to get from my home to the faculty.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive.
If the invited guest speaker in the online value of the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Cover the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.Students have, as to know that our answer is correct? While in class we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The trainer gives descriptions and details in the class topic very clearly,The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
48 [topic] sent too much of that nightThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I had the feeling that it was difficult to take the full picture of what was going on in lecture lessons. It would be better if the entire class wrote code on the computer during the lecture and then all had your own laboratory done.That would understand us better what's going on.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
In my opinion too many tasksThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we quiz when the lessons begin better than we simply go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take about 2 hours to get from my home to the faculty.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign a project before the final assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Trainer] is a very good teacher for me. [Trainer] always give a clear feedback for my work. [Trainer] Answer the massage very quickly, which helps me to do the task smoothly. I am so happy in[Trainer] class.??????The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work a lot during the examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Perhaps he is good at teaching in the Thai language.Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.Students have, as to know that our answer is correct? While in class we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much homework is every week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name.And indicate a little timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I was also unable to memorize the whole structure and struggle with the topic very much. However, I decided one at night through my sympathy and a coffee liter to revise the material from the beginning and from the last semester andTo concentrate on how [topic] works. I think that it is easier for me to know what and how data has been sent from every layer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't want to organize a message eventThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good course to learn a lot of things, even teammates do not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabulary are useless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this [trainer] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current evaluation system in which the assignment, when it is made with code, receives 100% and is done by letter of 75%.However, there is no explanation of the source code ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children don't read a source code that is bad, but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Ajarn shouldn't speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want teachers to be more flexible if they check attendance courses and evaluate the classification.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like to know every number of points when I send my task. So I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teachers to tell clearly about the lesson that is learned, because at some point I am a bit confused what we learn now. And I want teachers to teach foils because I obviously cannot see the handwriting on a boardThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good consultant, but he is not a good instructor at all because he cannot convey the knowledge in the class to let the student understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the switch to other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of tasks is pretty too much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the trainer is committed and explained the content in such a way that I am interested.IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
The workload is unbalanced and too much to be handled. A certain assignment is not nectar and waste. Several individual tasks look like a project.B. to have the report, 20 pages, summarized more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please draw lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I am learning a lot with the teacher, but has to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.Students have, as to know that our answer is correct? While in class we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is very difficult in the last part. I think there should be an adaptation to the Kirikulum and maybe exclude a topic. In my opinion, there are too complicated issues in order to be taught in an entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz checks the name.And indicate a little timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Finding terms and vocabulary are useless.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Trainer] is a very good teacher for me. [Trainer] always give a clear feedback for my work. [Trainer] Answer the massage very quickly, which helps me to do the task smoothly. I am so happy in[Trainer] class.??????The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the assignment because we are not necessary in the real world [library] [library] to do recursive or the like.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us to understand every task more clearly.See us in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This class is the least gratifying class in this Semeseter. The weekly task is not a nessecary. The task of this class is too difficult and takes most of the time that I spent this semester.So few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere and some are overlapping with computer network and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is planned that there is too much unnessecary workload and tooA lot of content. Please adapt this class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please have more flexibility via hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The decision to host courses on site and appear in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I've ever felt.[Instructor] may have health problems, but could have hosted online courses. In addition to insulting the injury, adding [trainer] many students do not like to like because nobody lists [instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothingOther than [instructor] you only read things on the presentation films.How can we concentrate on it. What is literally right there in the film itself? Although I don't like to say that [instructors] is superfluous and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing valuable, really in[Trainer] class to be busy, but we have many other things that are important that are important that are important that are important, which are important, which are important, that are important.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homework should also give an answer and also check homework.If the test has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [topic] sent too much of that nightThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the exam week because we have to rest and check the lecture, so we cannot fully concentrate on the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] visited me very warmly and professionally every time I applied for support.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He was not clear to assign homework, and he never adapted to him. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher did not write about the topic during the lesson, so we often do not know which chapter we learn and the use of whiteboard in class made it more difficult to give a lecture, since the teacher of random place for writing and disorderedwas incomprehensible too.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teach more than time, work a lot during the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Order a lot of work, but there is very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I ask academic matters to provide the records so that the students can revise the material themselves.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of researching the first five weeks of this course and fun in various workers overall, I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
In the part in which I did not understand the coding, I would like this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process before the coding, e.g.B. the problem, but I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for the use of the [system] to work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the assignment because we are not necessary in the real world [library] [library] to do recursive or the like.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If the lessons have to record the students on site, it should be arranged during class time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The intermediate examination has a large calculation.I think a calculator should be permissible because we are tested on our [courses] skills and not for our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please have the students present present, while some telephones are unable to scan from a distance or to have another option for participationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teachers to tell clearly about the lesson that is learned, because at some point I am a bit confused what we learn now. And I want teachers to teach foils because I obviously cannot see the handwriting on a boardThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to have techniques that interest the students more in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. The individual task every week in addition to Gorup order, every week, is simply too much if you obtain the topics of this concept.have not helped to achieve knowledge, and certainly do not know [course]. The requirements or project requirements are sometimes inappropriate. The same minimum requirement on pages in phase 2 of the project such as phase 1 is simply lazy and malicious in the worst case.Phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile, and yet we still expect the same amount of pages as the first phase. I also have problems with the questions in the intermediate test.that you have decided to put us. Why should we list the tasks of the Team PRJect member and evaluate you if we test my knowledge of [course]? How would we give us some words in an open book examinationif we do jobs in the future? It also took me almost all the time to find the importance and importance of [course], and it is not because of the class, the test or the project, but only through mineour own research.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for sending work is pretty quick at some events.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the students should discuss in the classroom and teachers should use the microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If the invited guest speaker in the online value of the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could get the film in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignore the question of the student and the things that were asked about the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This class is the least gratifying class in this Semeseter. The weekly task is not a nessecary. The task of this class is too difficult and takes most of the time that I spent this semester.So few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere and some are overlapping with computer network and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is planned that there is too much unnessecary workload and tooA lot of content. Please adapt this class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers because you have read our work in front of Q@& A session so that you can give good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for sending work is pretty quick at some events.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers because you have read our work in front of Q@& A session so that you can give good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This class is the least gratifying class in this Semeseter. The weekly task is not a nessecary. The task of this class is too difficult and takes most of the time that I spent this semester.So few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere and some are overlapping with computer network and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is planned that there is too much unnessecary workload and tooA lot of content. Please adapt this class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How the work of children and compared to other student injuries does not give confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are very nice and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught is a bit too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Good course to learn a lot of things, even teammates do not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult in the last part. I think there should be an adaptation to the Kirikulum and maybe exclude a topic. In my opinion, there are too complicated issues in order to be taught in an entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
Professor received homework in class.If I get sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think Ajarn should use [software] to send homework. It does not make sense that the student has to send homework without using [system] whilethe student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the assignment because we are not necessary in the real world [library] [library] to do recursive or the like.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture sled content sometimes has too many content for digestion of students, but still appreciated that this course with [trainer] and [trainer] study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Ajarn shouldn't speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could get the film in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Order a lot of work, but there is very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Overall, it's excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the guest speaker is online, the student must also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project. Tens than score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many missions in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on unix -based devices, in particular with modern ARM processors, [software] only supports architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that takeNatively loads the X86_64 and Arm64 chipsets (perhaps those based on the web or written in Java), because the execution of Netica via emulation makes the program unstable and is blocked a lot (tested on x86_64 Suse Tumpedeed Etarm64 Windows,There are cases where my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install at all).The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't take the contents if you were going too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could use the slide that does not contain united color as a blue or black background because when students must print the equipment for the exam, they are difficult to read or must print it using the ink ofColor or could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can modify for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many homework, every week ago.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
At the time of writing the time of writing, how to use other applications instead, such as [software], [software] etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delayed and sometimes makes it difficult to read.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The emphasis [of the instructor] is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many homework should be a response and check the homework.When the exam has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
That the teaching of the teacher is very well conducted because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive.
Duties that are without clear response, which has given the idea that it is a training but without knowing whether it is false or not, it can take advantage of it anyway.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is very difficult especially the last part. I think that there should be an adjustment to the cirriculum and perhaps exclude a subject. Certain subjects are too complicated to be taught in an entry-level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to manage. A certain assignment is not nectal and waste time. Certain individual assignments resemble a project. In addition, the requirement of the project and the weekly attribution is notEffective, as the report must have 20 pages, the summary must exceed two pages. I think that the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learn what is really [lessons], I only have the meaning of each term and I do not get any comments from the submissive mission, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor does not seem to beSquare what students feel about it because I see no change in relation to the previous comments.No instructor, but as far as I am concerned, few people are interested in the class, and the frequentation of the class has been appalling. Awhat a little bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content.I do not know how the content has taught. The duty to teach on teaching does not need to speak to each other.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Ajarn releases Project 2 very late, but it should be released in early November in the program. It's very short time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor gives descriptions and details in the very clear class subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time because of the English speech.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] assisted me very cordially and professional each time I asked for assistance [instructing]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
The content of conference slides sometimes has too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [the instructor] and [the instructor].The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
According to the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course as and the pleasure in various works, it will be more fun if there is a base to use the program ([software]) before and there isA senior project that makes work that is not entirely creative. But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Duties that are without clear response, which has given the idea that it is a training but without knowing whether it is false or not, it can take advantage of it anyway.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to seeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility on hybrid courses (online + on site)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name and gives a little timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible in the verification of attendance and rating courses.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think that we who when the class starts better than we go to the faculty to take 15 minutes from quiz because I take about 2 hours to come to the faculty of my home.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If the guest speaker is online, the student must also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Explain both the Thai and the English. Enjoying the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
[Instructor] should inform the student of the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [The instructor] should not give missions during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice,But it would be preferable for him to have a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose our answer is correct? In class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I think of the weakness of English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor gives descriptions and details in the very clear class subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
48 [Subject] sent by this night too muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I felt that it was difficult to get a complete image of what's going on in the conference course. It would be better if the whole written class of the code together on the computer during the conference, then leave everythingThe world to make its own laboratory thereafter. This would give us a better understanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many missions in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think that we who when the class starts better than we go to the faculty to take 15 minutes from quiz because I take about 2 hours to come to the faculty of my home.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you affect the final before the final.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a comment clearly for my work. [Instructor] answer the massage very quickly which helps me to do the mission gently. I am so happy to study inclass [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more time, work during the exam, manyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Maybe he's good in teaching in Thai language, Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructor] should inform the student of the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [The instructor] should not give missions during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice,But it would be preferable for him to have a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose our answer is correct? In class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too many homework, every week ago.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name and gives a little timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I also could not memorize the whole structure and find myself very difficult with the subject. However, one night, by my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the [lessons] of the lastSemester from the start by focusing on the functioning of [the subject]. I find it easier for me to study [courses] to know what and how the data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good course, learning a lot, even teammate does not work very well as planned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the student of ICTThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs is useless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the emphasis is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I always have a problem with the current classification system where the assignment, if the code is 100% and done by writing obtains 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code which makes it really difficult toThe student to do like, well, you know ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad but it is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Ajarn should not speak for the duration of the quizThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible in the verification of attendance and rating courses.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my mission. So I can manage my note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly the lesson that will be learned because sometimes I am a little confused what we learn now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because I can obviously not see the scriptures on a boardThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a kind person and maybe a good advisor, but he is not at all a good instructor because he cannot deliver knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that the transition to other studies should be more useful (such as [courses] etc.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of assignments is too much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the class because the instructor keeps the students committed and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has a wide knowledge on the subject and may well explain it.More, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to seek more computer knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
The workload is unbalanced and too much to manage. A certain assignment is not nectal and waste time. Certain individual assignments resemble a project. In addition, the requirement of the project and the weekly attribution is notEffective, as the report must have 20 pages, the summary must exceed two pages. I think that the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please record conferences onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Hopes that the professor keeps this style indefinitely. I study a lot with the teacher, but I must repeat more knowledge than the othersThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] should inform the student of the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [The instructor] should not give missions during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice,But it would be preferable for him to have a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose our answer is correct? In class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is very difficult especially the last part. I think that there should be an adjustment to the cirriculum and perhaps exclude a subject. Certain subjects are too complicated to be taught in an entry-level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz checks the name and gives a little timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Finding terms and vocabs is useless.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a comment clearly for my work. [Instructor] answer the massage very quickly which helps me to do the mission gently. I am so happy to study inclass [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [the library], [the library] not necessary to make recursive or something like that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. This helps us a lot to understand each assignment more clearly. In addition, I see effort and dedication in teaching.merci.j 'hope to see you the next semester!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This class is the least pleasant class of this semester. The weekly mission in my opinion is not Nessecary. The affecting of this class is too heavy, and it takes most of the time that I spent during thissemester of work for so few credits, without forgetting that the content is dispersed everywhere, with some overlap with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is plannedRight now, there is too much non-care workload and too much content. Take this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please have more flexibility on hybrid courses (online + on site)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Deciding to welcome courses on site and its appearance only during online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have never felt, surely, [the instructor] can have health problems but could have organized coursesOnline. To add an insult to the injury, [the instructor] expresses is not liked it to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, thereNothing else other than [the instructor] to read things on presentation slides, so how could we remain concentrated on what is literally there in the slide itself? although I likeNot to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, me and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really engaged in the [instructor] class, we have a lot ofOther things that are important to put with it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many homework should be a response and check the homework.When the exam has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Subject] sent by this night too muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the week of exams because we must rest and review the conference. We cannot therefore focus fully on the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] assisted me very cordially and professional each time I asked for assistance [instructing]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He has not clearly attributed his duties, and he never adapted. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher did not write on the subject during teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and the use of the whiteboard in teaching made the conference more difficult because the teacher wasA random location for writing and disorderly. Sa communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teach more time, work during the exam, manyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Order a lot of work gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I exhort academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students can revise the equipment by themselves.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
According to the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course as and the pleasure in various works, it will be more fun if there is a base to use the program ([software]) before and there isA senior project that makes work that is not entirely creative. But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for taught this property.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want [the instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
In the part where I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly on competitive thought or the process before coding, as cutting the problem. However, I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic, except to use the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [the library], [the library] not necessary to make recursive or something like that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If the class forces students to take the quiz on site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The mid-term examination has a lot of calculation, I think that a calculator should be authorized because we are tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones are not able to scan at a certain distance or have another way to participateThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the student of ICTThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly the lesson that will be learned because sometimes I am a little confused what we learn now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because I can obviously not see the scriptures on a boardThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Hopes that the teacher has techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is quite simply too much. To have an individual assignment each week in addition to the assignment of Gorup, each week, is simply too much given the subjects of this term. Individual duties often consist in having to list the meaning ofThis quantity of words which, in my opinion, did not help me to acquire knowledge and certainly not to [the course] knowledge. Adoptions or the requirements of the project are sometimes unreasonable.Phase 2 of the project that phase one is simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 of a mile and yet they always expect us to deliverThe same quantity of pages as phase one. I also have problems with the mid-term questions of the exam. I can't just understand some of the questions they have decided to ask us.The tasks of the team member and evaluate them test my knowledge of [courses]. Comment to us to give meaning to certain words in a booking of books at the opening that would benefit us when we make jobs in the future.I also needed almost all of this semester to simply find the meaning and importance of [courses] and it is not by class or examination or project, but simply by my own research.We must make a summary and a summary of each group assignment when sometimes the content is only half a page.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline in the shipment of work is fairly fast in certain events.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think students should chat in class and the teacher must use the microphone and the projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If the guest speaker is online, the student must also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall, it's excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor often ignores the student's issue and the things wondering about the class have never been answered.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This class is the least pleasant class of this semester. The weekly mission in my opinion is not Nessecary. The affecting of this class is too heavy, and it takes most of the time that I spent during thissemester of work for so few credits, without forgetting that the content is dispersed everywhere, with some overlap with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is plannedRight now, there is too much non-care workload and too much content. Take this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers because they read our work before Q @ & a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline in the shipment of work is fairly fast in certain events.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
For example, ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers because they read our work before Q @ & a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This class is the least pleasant class of this semester. The weekly mission in my opinion is not Nessecary. The affecting of this class is too heavy, and it takes most of the time that I spent during thissemester of work for so few credits, without forgetting that the content is dispersed everywhere, with some overlap with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is plannedRight now, there is too much non-care workload and too much content. Take this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Like showing child labor and comparing with other students, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Good course, learning a lot, even teammate does not work very well as planned.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult especially the last part. I think that there should be an adjustment to the cirriculum and perhaps exclude a subject. Certain subjects are too complicated to be taught in an entry-level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
Too much workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the comments in real time that [the instructor] gave during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The professor received homework in class, so when I fall sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think that Jarn should use [the software] to send the homework. He does not make sense that theStudent must send homework without using [system] while in the online session, the student can send the duty with tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [the library], [the library] not necessary to make recursive or something like that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content of the conference slides sometimes has too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [the instructor] and [the instructor].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak for the duration of the quizThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall, it's excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Overall it is good, but it would be nice if you could receive slides in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker is online, students must be onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent educational skills, I really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In my opinion, too many issuesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is difficult to install Software on UNIX -based devices.Especially with the latest arm processor, [Software] supports only X86_64 architectures.I think there are many alternatives that natively support both X86_64 and ARM64 chipset (probably written on Web -based or Java).Running NETICA via the emulation will result in an unstable program and a large crash (tested on X86_64 SUSE TUMBLEWEED, may not be able to install ARM64 Windows, M1 Macbook friends at all).The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It may be too fast to catch the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner of the lab is very cold.When the box [course] and laptop are placed, the table will be wider than this.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
AJ has difficulty in printing using color ink if students have to print materials for the exam, so they can give slides using AJ, so the background of blue or black.Can you use a slide containing the solid body in a format that you can edit yourself?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is every week that there are too many homework.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your educational style.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
How to use other apps such as [Software] and [Software], such as [Software], is very late to write in [Software], and it is sometimes difficult to read, so read in advance.You can do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] accents are difficult to understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many homework is the answer, and you need to check your homework.If there is no seat in the exam, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher's education was very good.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive.
Homework that does without a clear answer brings the idea that it is training, but doing it without knowing if it is wrong may benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is very difficult, especially in the last part.I think Cirriculum needs to be adjusted, but you probably need to exclude some topics.In my opinion, some topics are too complicated and cannot be taught in the entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Workloads are imbalanced and too much to handle.Some assignments are not honey, but waste time.Some individual assignments look like one project.In addition, the report requires 20 pages, and project requirements and weekly assignments are not efficient.The summary must be more than two pages.I don't think the number of pages can reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely know what "course" is, I have only the meaning of each semester, I can't get feedback from the submitted task, I hardly learn anything, andThe instructor doesn't seem to care how the students feel about her. I can't see any changes from my previous comments.There is no crime to the instructor, but as far as I can, many people are interested in classes, and the class attendees were terrible.Try a little spice next year.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, needs to read almost 100 %.I do not understand the content at all.I don't know how the content is taught.Ironically, there is an association in a class that cannot be chased by teachers and has a reputation for leaving the room.If you have a duty to teach, you need to talk to each other.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
AJARN will release Project 2 very late, but will be released in Sylavus in early November.It has little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want a workshop, use various tools to display imagesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Instructors make the explanation and details very clear in the class topicThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You can't follow a teacher from time to time for English speeches.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] Every time I requested the [instructor] support, I was very caring and attending me professionally.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
Lecture slide content may have too many content for students to digest, but I am grateful to study this course with Instructors and Instructors.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course that can be enjoyed like this course with various works, it will be more fun if you have the basics before using the program ([Software]).。But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Homework that does without a clear answer brings the idea that it is training, but doing it without knowing if it is wrong may benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want a workshop, use various tools to display itThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be more flexible about hybrid classes (online+on -site)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz checks the name and give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher wants to be more flexible about checking and grading in attendance classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It takes about 2 hours to come to a teacher from home, so I think we will quiz when the class starts rather than going to a teacher to get a 15 -minute quiz on Wednesday.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive.
If the invited guest speaker is online, students must be onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please explain both Thailand and English.Cover the entire lesson.thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Instructors need to tell students about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.[Instructor] must not be assigned during the final exam.I can understand that it is a practice, but it would be better if it had a solution for students.Do you know that our answer is right?I don't understand anything during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Instructors make the explanation and details very clear in the class topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
48 [Topic] It is sent too much by that nightThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I felt it was difficult to fully understand what was going on in the lecture class.If the entire class wrote the code together on the computer during the lecture, it would be better if everyone let everyone do it.It will better understand what is going on to us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
In my opinion, too many issuesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
We take about 2 hours to come to teachers from home, so we think we will quiz when the class starts rather than going to a teacher to get a 15 -minute quiz on Wednesday.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If there is too much work, the reason why the project is finally assigned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me.[Instructor] always gives my job clearly feedback.It helps to reply to the Instructor massage very quickly and smoothly perform issues.I'm very happy to study in the [Instructor] class.????????The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please teach more than time and work during the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Maybe he should teach in Thai, Morethane explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Instructors need to tell students about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.[Instructor] must not be assigned during the final exam.I can understand that it is a practice, but it would be better if it had a solution for students.Do you know that our answer is right?I don't understand anything during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It is every week that there are too many homework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz checks the name and give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Also, I couldn't memorize the whole structure, and I couldn't realize that I was very struggling with the theme.However, one night, through my compassion and one liter of coffee, I decided to fix the course from the previous semester to the [topic] mechanism from the first semester.It turns out that it is easier to know how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.Also, I thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good courses, learning a lot, and even your teammates do not work as well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabulary is useless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think it is difficult to understand the [instructor] accentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current grading system, but if it is done by code, I will get 100 % and write, but I will get 75 %, but students explain the really difficult source code.Not.... We are all really negligible children, and the lazy children do not read the source code, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Ajarn should not speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher wants to be more flexible about checking and grading in attendance classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to know all the scores when sending the assignment.So I can manage my grades.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I'm a little confused about what I'm learning now, so I want my teachers to clearly tell the lessons to learn.And I can't see the handwriting on the board, so I want a teacher to teach it on a slide.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a kind person and can be an excellent advisor, but he is not a good instructor because he cannot provide class knowledge to make students understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
A wonderful teacher is very compassionate and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think it should be more convenient to change to other research ([course], etc.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I am enjoying the class because the instructor continues to engage the students and can explain the content in the way I am interested.Instructors also have a wide range of knowledge about this theme and can explain it well.We are also grateful that the instructor motivates us to find more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
Workloads are imbalanced and too much to handle.Some assignments are not honey, but waste time.Some individual assignments look like one project.In addition, the report requires 20 pages, and project requirements and weekly assignments are not efficient.The summary must be more than two pages.I don't think the number of pages can reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Record a lecture onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I hope the teacher keeps this style indefinitely.I often study with teachers, but I need to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors need to tell students about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.[Instructor] must not be assigned during the final exam.I can understand that it is a practice, but it would be better if it had a solution for students.Do you know that our answer is right?I don't understand anything during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is very difficult, especially in the last part.I think Cirriculum needs to be adjusted, but you probably need to exclude some topics.In my opinion, some topics are too complicated and cannot be taught in the entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz checks the name and give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Finding terms and vocabulary is useless.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me.[Instructor] always gives my job clearly feedback.It helps to reply to the Instructor massage very quickly and smoothly perform issues.I'm very happy to study in the [Instructor] class.????????The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If you change the real world allocation CUZ, you do not need to use Library or Library to recursive or do that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like how to teach us very much, suggestions and explanations.It is very helpful for us to understand each issue more clearly.In addition, I am looking at efforts and dedication in education.thank you.See you in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This class is the most enjoyable class for this semi -sweater.In my opinion, the weekly mission is not Nessecary.The assignment of this class is too heavy and most of the time spent during this semester.Needless to say, the content is scattered here and there, but it goes without saying that the computer networking and the software engineering overlap.I think this class is possible, but now it is planned, but there are too many unconscious workloads and too much content.Adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please be more flexible about hybrid classes (online+on -site)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The fact that she decides to host an on -site class and she only appears in online conferences is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, and [Instructors] may have a health problem.Not, but it may be hosting online classes.In order to add S humiliation to the injury, [Instructor] does not listen to the Instructor, so many students have a disgust, but we have defense.What is the slide itself literally there?I don't want to say that [Instructor] is redundant and useless, but I and many other people share the same opinion that it is hardly valuable to actually engage in the Instructor class.But there are many other important things.Create.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many homework is the answer, and you need to check your homework.If there is no seat in the exam, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] It is sent too much by that nightThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not be assigned to students during the exam, as it is necessary to take a break from lectures and review it.Therefore, it cannot be completely focused on the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] Every time I requested the [instructor] support, I was very caring and attending me professionally.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He did not clarify his homework, and he never adapted himself.I commented him on [Theme] on the same problem.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher did not write about the topic while teaching, so we do not know the chapter often learned.And because the teacher was a random place that was confused and random, using a whiteboard in class made it difficult to lecture.I couldn't understand his communication.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please teach more than time and work during the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It takes almost no time to order a lot of workbatsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although no recording is provided, it encourages students to provide recording so that students can correct their materials themselves.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course that can be enjoyed like this course with various works, it will be more fun if you have the basics before using the program ([Software]).。But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for telling me this.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I love how to teach us, I am grateful for it!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want to talk clearly to [Instructor]The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If you didn't understand the coding, please tell this course more clearly about reducing problems with intense competition and processes before codeing.But I think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is wonderful, except to use System for work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If you change the assignment CUZ in the real world, there is no need to use [Library] or [Library] to perform recursive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If the class requires students to take a quiz on the premises, they must be placed at class hours.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There are too many quizzesThe sentiment polarity of content organization is negative .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There are many calculations in the middle exam.I think that it is necessary to allow a calculator because it is tested about the course skill, not the calculation skill.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Some phone calls cannot be scanned from a certain distance or cannot have another method for attendance, but let the students check the attendance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I'm a little confused about what I'm learning now, so I want my teachers to clearly tell the lessons to learn.And I can't see the handwriting on the board, so I want a teacher to teach it on a slide.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want my teacher to have a technique that students are more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
There are too many workloads.Every week, every week, individual allocation is too much, taking into account the theme of this term every week.In my opinion, individual homework is composed of the meaning of this amount of words that did not help gain knowledge.Assimilation or project requirements are sometimes unreasonable.Having the same minimum requirements of the pages of the project pages as a phase 1 is simply a negligible zy in the highest state, and the worst case is malicious, so the project phase 2 is 1 than phase 1.Although the mileage decreases, the United States is still expected to distribute the same amount of pages as phase 1.There is also a problem with the interim exam questions.We cannot simply understand some of the questions they have decided to ask.Why do we list the team's PRJECT members' tasks and evaluate our knowledge of [Course]?When working in the future, it is possible to make a profit to some words in the open book test.Also, over all of the time in this semester, just find the meaning and importance of the course, it is not a class, exam or project, but simply my own research.Also, if the content is on half the page, you need to execute executive summary and summary for all group allocation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For some events, the deadline for sending the work is very fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Students need to discuss in the classroom, and teachers need to provide clear education using microphone and projector.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If the invited guest speaker is online, students must be onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall it is good, but it would be nice if you could receive slides in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many worksThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Instructors often ignored student questions and never answered about classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This class is the most enjoyable class for this semi -sweater.In my opinion, the weekly mission is not Nessecary.The assignment of this class is too heavy and most of the time spent during this semester.Needless to say, the content is scattered here and there, but it goes without saying that the computer networking and the software engineering overlap.I think this class is possible, but now it is planned, but there are too many unconscious workloads and too much content.Adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers BC because they read our work before Q@& A sessions, they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For some events, the deadline for sending the work is very fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Similarly, please ask for a quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers BC because they read our work before Q@& A sessions, they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This class is the most enjoyable class for this semi -sweater.In my opinion, the weekly mission is not Nessecary.The assignment of this class is too heavy and most of the time spent during this semester.Needless to say, the content is scattered here and there, but it goes without saying that the computer networking and the software engineering overlap.I think this class is possible, but now it is planned, but there are too many unconscious workloads and too much content.Adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel too cruel and have inappropriate comments, such as showing my child's work and comparing with other students.There is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your educational style.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good courses, many things, and even your teammates do not work as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult, especially in the last part.I think Cirriculum needs to be adjusted, but you probably need to exclude some topics.In my opinion, some topics are too complicated and cannot be taught in the entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
Too many worksThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the real -time feedback given by [Instructor] during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The professor received homework in the class, so if he gets sick, he cannot send his homework properly.I think AJARN should send homework using [Software].In online sessions, it is meaningless that students have to send homework without using the System while students can send issues with tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If you change the real world allocation CUZ, you do not need to use Library or Library to recursive or do that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Lecture slide content may have too many content for students to digest, but I am grateful to study this course with Instructors and Instructors.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
In contact with [Instructor], I was able to notice that [Instructor] was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall it is good, but it would be nice if you could receive slides in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Most of the time to order a lot of workbats is hardly given to workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
In general, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the guest speaker online, the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many tasks in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on UNIX -based devices, especially with modern arm processors, [software] only admits the architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that natively admit both x86_64 and ARM64 (maybe those thatThey are based on the web or written in Java), since executing netica through the emulation of the Windows, there are cases in which my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't capture the content if you were too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as the blue or black backThey give the slide? In the format that we can edit for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many tasks are every week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
At the time of writing, how to use other applications, such as [software], [software], etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes reading difficult.Thanks in advance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The [instructor] accent is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of task must be an answer and verify the task too.When the exam has no sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
That the teacher's teaching is very well led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive.
The task that is done without a clear response, which results in the idea that it is a training, but without knowing if it is wrong or not, it can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is very difficult to especially part.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some task is not nect and waste time. Some individual tasks seem like a project. In addition, the project requirement and the weekly allocation is not efficient, since the report must have 20 pages, the summary must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledge.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learned about what [the course] is really, I only obtained the meaning of each term and does not receive any comments from the task sent, I have not learned almost anything and the instructor seems that I do not care how the students will feel because Ellano I see anyChange of previous comments.There is no crime to any instructor, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in class, and class assistance has been abysmal. I intendant to season a little next year, please.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, he must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content. It has the duty to teach about teaching does not need to speak with each other.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Lanjan launches project 2 too late, but must be launched in early November in the curriculum. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use several tools to see the image.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor gives descriptions and details on the very clear class themeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time due to the English speech.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructor] I was very cordially and professionally every time I requested assistance [instructor]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral.
The content of the conference slides is sometimes to have too much content for students to digest, but it is still appreciated to study this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Please, a little speed decreases.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this sensation of course and fun in several jobs, but it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([software]) before and there is a senior project that makes work notcompletely creative. But I usually like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The task that is done without a clear answer, which results in the idea that it is a training, but without knowing if it is wrong or not, it can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use several tools to seeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+on the site)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are perhaps reviewing the name and giving a little timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible to verify assistance and qualification classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that tasks should be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we question when the class begins better than we are only going to the power to take 15 minutes questionnaire on Wednesday because it takes about 2 hours to reach the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive.
If the guest guest speaker online, the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the entire lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
[Instructor] You must tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [Instructor] He should not give any task during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice, but it would be better if he has a solution for the student.I mean, how are you supposed to know that our answer is correct? While we are in class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor gives descriptions and details on the very clear class themeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I felt that it is difficult to get a complete image of what is happening in the conferencesunderstanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many tasks in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we question when the class begins better than we are only going to the power to take 15 minutes questionnaire on Wednesday because it takes about 2 hours to reach the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign the project before the final.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear feedback to my work. [Instructor] Answer the very fast massage that helps me do the homework without problems. I'm very happy to study in class [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Perhaps it is good in Thai language teaching that Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructor] You must tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [Instructor] He should not give any task during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice, but it would be better if he has a solution for the student.I mean, how are you supposed to know that our answer is correct? While we are in class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too many tasks are every week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are perhaps reviewing the name and giving a little timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Nor could I memorize the entire structure and find myself very fighting with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to check the [course] material last semester from the beginning focusing on how it works [The subject]. Encounter that is easier for me to study [course] know what and how the data were sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good course, learning many things, even your teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the [instructor] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current qualification system where the task, if done by code, is obtained 100% and is done writing 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code that really makes it difficult to do as,Well, you know, you know ... we are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Case should not speak during the trial timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible to verify assistance and qualification classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my homework. Then, I can administer my qualification.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because at some point I am a little confused what we are learning now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because obviously I can not see the writings by hand on a boardThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good advisor, however, he is not a good instructor at all, since he cannot deliver knowledge in the class for the student to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think changing other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of tasks is too much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps students committed and can explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has extensive knowledge about the subject and can explain it well.More knowledge of you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some task is not nect and waste time. Some individual tasks seem like a project. In addition, the project requirement and the weekly allocation is not efficient, since the report must have 20 pages, the summary must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please record online conferencesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to maintain this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher, but I have to repeat more knowledge than others.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] You must tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [Instructor] He should not give any task during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice, but it would be better if he has a solution for the student.I mean, how are you supposed to know that our answer is correct? While we are in class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is very difficult to especially part.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
You are perhaps reviewing the name and giving a little timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear feedback to my work. [Instructor] Answer the very fast massage that helps me do the homework without problems. I'm very happy to study in class [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [library], [library] is not necessary to make recursive or something.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the way you teach us a lot, as well as suggestions and descriptions. That helps us a lot to understand each task more clearly. In addition, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This class is the least pleasant class in this semester. The weekly task in my opinion is not nessecary. The task of this class is too heavy, and occupies most of the time that I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere, with some overlays with computer networks and software engineering.content. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+on the site)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Deciding organizing classes on the site and its only appearance in online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have felt, safe, [instructor] can have health problems, but could have housed online classes. To add an insult to theinjury, [the instructor] expresses aversion to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothing more than [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides, so how could we keep us focused on?What is literally there on the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, to me and many others we share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really involved in the class[of the instructor], we have many other things that are important paratratat with.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of task must be an answer and verify the task too.When the exam has no sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign students during the exam week because we have to rest and review the conference. Then, we cannot focus completely on the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] I was very cordially and professionally every time I requested assistance [instructor]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It was not clear to assign the task, and never adapted to himself. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher did not write on the subject while teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and wearing a blackboard in the teaching made it more difficult to give a conference because the teacher was a random location to write and mess. His communication tooIt was incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Order a lot of work, but it gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Recording is not provided, but urges academic issues to provide recordings so that students can review the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this sensation of course and fun in several jobs, but it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([software]) before and there is a senior project that makes work notcompletely creative. But I usually like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forgot the task.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, how to cut the problem. However, I also believe that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [library], [library] is not necessary to make recursive or something.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If the class requires that students take the questionnaire on the site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Try too muchThe sentiment polarity of content organization is negative .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The mid -period exam has many calculations, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Let students have assistance controls, while some phones are not able to scan from a certain distance or have another form of assistanceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because at some point I am a little confused what we are learning now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because obviously I can not see the writings by hand on a boardThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. Taking an individual assignment every week in addition to the Assignment of Gorup, every week, it is simply too considering the subjects of this term. The individual task often consists in having to enumerate the meaning of this amount ofwords that, in my opinion, did not help me obtain knowledge and certainly not [the course] of knowledge. The project assignments or requirements are sometimes not reasonable. have the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as thePhase one is simply lazy on his part, at best, in the best case, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 for a mile and still wait for us to deliver the same amountof pages that phase one. I also have problems with the questions in the mid -period exam. I can't simpand qualifying them to prove my knowledge of [course]? How to let us make sense of some words in an open book exam would benefit us when we do work in the future? It also took almost all this time to find the meaning and importance of [[course] and it is not for class, exam or project, but simply by my own research. We also have to make an executive summary and a summary to each group task when sometimes the content is only half a page.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline in shipping work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think students should discuss in the classroom and the teacher must use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If the guest guest speaker online, the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
In general, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many jobsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher should have more time to verify the name.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the question of the students and the things they are doing regarding the class were never answered.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This class is the least pleasant class in this semester. The weekly task in my opinion is not nessecary. The task of this class is too heavy, and occupies most of the time that I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere, with some overlays with computer networks and software engineering.content. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers because they have read our work before Q@& a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline in shipping work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please request the questionnaire at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love teachers because they have read our work before Q@& a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This class is the least pleasant class in this semester. The weekly task in my opinion is not nessecary. The task of this class is too heavy, and occupies most of the time that I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere, with some overlays with computer networks and software engineering.content. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How to show children's work and compare with other students, too, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending it.I can't handle time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher taught is too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Good course, learning many things, even your teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult to especially part.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I like comments in real time that [Instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher received the task in class, so when I get sick I can not send the task correctly.While in the online session, the student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [library], [library] is not necessary to make recursive or something.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content of the conference slides is sometimes to have too much content for students to digest, but it is still appreciated to study this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Case should not speak during the trial timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
In general, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work, but it gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
