Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class. Every class may be more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course to learn a lot of things, even teammates do not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install [software] on Unix -based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the X86_64 Architecture.cannot install).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Remove this topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of tasks is pretty too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The intermediate examination has a large calculation.I think a calculator should be permissible because we are tested on our [courses] skills and not for our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us to understand every task more clearly.See us in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for the use of the [system] to work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture sled content sometimes has too many content for digestion of students, but still appreciated that this course with [trainer] and [trainer] study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly think about writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this topic in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow the teacher from time to time because of English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... the real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want teachers to be more flexible if they check attendance courses and evaluate the classification.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He was not clear to assign homework, and he never adapted to him. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of work, but there is very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, which leads to the idea that it is a training session, but without knowing whether it is wrong or not, this can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the exam week because we have to rest and check the lecture, so we cannot fully concentrate on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of homework should also give an answer and also check homework.If the test has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Indeed, boring and useless topicThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] accent is difficult to understand, a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... The real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very nice and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He was not clear to assign homework, and he never adapted to him. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of work, but there is very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you beautiful !!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please draw lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.If the table is wider when placing the box and the laptop, it is further.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn shouldn't speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn what is really [course], I only have the meaning of each semester and don't get feedback from the submitted task, I have learned almost nothing and the trainer does not seem to worry about how the students feel about themBecome no changes compared to the previous comments.No criminal offense of instructors, but not many people are interested in the class for me, and the class visit was miserable. Please try a little bit on a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how we improve our projects and taught ourselves to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Do not change the way you have taught from the book. Make it simplified and easy to learn to the student.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always learns learning better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment because we are not necessary in the real world [library] [library] to do recursive or the like.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to draw attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
As when the teacher's work occurs, the teacher uses a variety of boring tones and lessons.I have the feeling that this course is worth studying and enabling the students to be able to participate or react in the opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the exam week because we have to rest and check the lecture, so we cannot fully concentrate on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] visited me very warmly and professionally every time I applied for support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignore the question of the student and the things that were asked about the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2 I think that you provide the link to the video that you have opened during the class because it is PDF files and we can only see the picture. Another thing is the activity document.You should check whether [software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] visited me very warmly and professionally every time I applied for support.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us to understand every task more clearly.See us in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [software], [software] etc., since writing in [software] is quite delayed and it sometimes makes it difficult to read it in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this [trainer] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more than time, work a lot during the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the film that does not contain a fixed color such as blue or black background, because if the students have to print the material for the exam, they are difficult to read or have to print it with color ink ink or please give the film to the format,that we can edit ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during class and asks the students whether he can or not.The master takes care of it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In my opinion too many tasksThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't want to organize a message eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture sled content sometimes has too many content for the digestion of students, but still appreciated that this course with [trainer] and [trainer] study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [topic] sent too much of that nightThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could get the film in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could AJ use the film that does not contain a fixed color such as blue or black background, because if the students have to print the material for the exam, they are difficult to read or have to print it with color ink ink or please give the film to the format,that we can edit ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers because you have read our work in front of Q@& A session so that you can give good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
For example, ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning a lot, even teammate does not work very well as planned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install [software] on unix -based devices, in particular with modern ARM processors, [software] only supports architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that takeNatively loads the X86_64 and Arm64 chipsets (perhaps those based on the web or written in Java), because the execution of Netica via emulation makes the program unstable and is blocked a lot (tested on x86_64 Suse Tumpedeed Etarm64 Windows,There are cases where my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Delete this subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of assignments is too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The mid-term examination has a lot of calculation, I think that a calculator should be authorized because we are tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. This helps us a lot to understand each assignment more clearly. In addition, I see effort and dedication in teaching.merci.j 'hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I think of the weakness of English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic, except to use the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of conference slides sometimes has too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [the instructor] and [the instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this subject in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time because of the English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all mistakes because the teacher speaks quite slowly and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all the gaps because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the comments in real time that [the instructor] gave during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible in the verification of attendance and rating courses.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He has not clearly attributed his duties, and he never adapted. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Duties that are without clear response, which has given the idea that it is a training but without knowing whether it is false or not, it can take advantage of it anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the week of exams because we must rest and review the conference. We cannot therefore focus fully on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many homework should be a response and check the homework.When the exam has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Boring and unnecessary subject in fact indeedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The emphasis [of the instructor] is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He has not clearly attributed his duties, and he never adapted. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I think of the weakness of English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait until we give the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please record conferences onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak for the duration of the quizThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn what is really [lessons], I only have the meaning of each term and I do not get any comments from the submissive mission, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor does not seem to beSquare what students feel about it because I see no change in relation to the previous comments.No instructor, but as far as I am concerned, few people are interested in the class, and the frequentation of the class has been appalling. Awhat a little bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the fact that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way you taught, not copy from the book. See simplify and easy to learn for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [the instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest that laboratory learning or with computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [the library], [the library] not necessary to make recursive or something like that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
As in the entrance to the instructorthhe work, the professor uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the week of exams because we must rest and review the conference. We cannot therefore focus fully on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[The instructor] assisted me very cordially and professional each time I asked for assistance [instructing]The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the student's issue and the things wondering about the class have never been answered.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is the activity document, you must checkwhether [software] is the same as the scheme or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all the gaps because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] assisted me very cordially and professional each time I asked for assistance [instructing]The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good. Children should study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. This helps us a lot to understand each assignment more clearly. In addition, I see effort and dedication in teaching.merci.j 'hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing the time of writing, how to use other applications instead, such as [software], [software] etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delayed and sometimes makes it difficult to read.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced with less time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the emphasis is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more time, work during the exam, manyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could use the slide that does not contain united color as a blue or black background because when students must print the equipment for the exam, they are difficult to read or must print it using the ink ofColor or could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can modify for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like you to taught as missions, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during the course and ask the students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many missions in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I am weak in English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content of conference slides sometimes has too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [the instructor] and [the instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Subject] sent by this night too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for taught this property.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall, it's excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could use the slide which does not contain a united color as a blue or black background because when the students must print the equipment for the examination, they are difficult to read or must print it using colored ink orcould give a slide in the format that we can modify for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers because they read our work before Q @ & a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Similarly, please ask for a quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good courses, learning a lot, and even your teammates do not work as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install Software on UNIX -based devices.Especially with the latest arm processor, [Software] supports only X86_64 architectures.I think there are many alternatives that natively support both X86_64 and ARM64 chipset (probably written on Web -based or Java).Running NETICA via the emulation will result in an unstable program and a large crash (tested on X86_64 SUSE TUMBLEWEED, may not be able to install ARM64 Windows, M1 Macbook friends at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are many calculations in the middle exam.I think that it is necessary to allow a calculator because it is tested about the course skill, not the calculation skill.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like how to teach us very much, suggestions and explanations.It is very helpful for us to understand each issue more clearly.In addition, I am looking at efforts and dedication in education.thank you.See you in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
A wonderful teacher is very compassionate and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is wonderful, except to use System for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Lecture slide content may have too many content for students to digest, but I am grateful to study this course with Instructors and Instructors.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this theme for our teachers because it is uselessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You can't follow a teacher from time to time for English speeches.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers have almost all mistakes because they are very soft and difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers are very soft and difficult to listen to, so there are almost all contradictions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities remind you of us ... true success is not in LEATNING, but the application of real life (imagination with imagination).-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the real -time feedback given by [Instructor] during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A wonderful teacher, very compassion and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher wants to be more flexible about checking and grading in attendance classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Understand that the instructor teaches most students in the instructor that the learning method teaches is not fully understood.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He did not clarify his homework, and he never adapted himself.I commented him on [Theme] on the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to focus more on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It takes almost no time to order a lot of workbatsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent educational skills really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that does without a clear answer brings the idea that it is training, but doing it without knowing if it is wrong may benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not be assigned to students during the exam, as it is necessary to take a break from lectures and review it.Therefore, it cannot be completely focused on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many homework is the answer, and you need to check your homework.If there is no seat in the exam, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Certainly boring, boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] accents are difficult to understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities remind you of us ... true success is not in LEATNING, but the application of real life (imagination with imagination).-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Excellent educational skills, I really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your educational style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He did not clarify his homework, and he never adapted himself.I commented him on [Theme] on the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the method you taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Most of the time to order a lot of workbats is hardly given to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy that time is too low.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for telling us.I am really grateful.I hope you all!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Record a lecture onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner of the lab is very cold.When the box [course] and laptop are placed, the table will be wider than this.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn what "course" is, I have only the meaning of each semester, I can't get feedback from the submitted task, I hardly learn anything, andThe instructor doesn't seem to care how the students feel about her. I can't see any changes from my previous comments.There is no crime to the instructor, but as far as I can, many people are interested in classes, and the class attendees were terrible.Try a little spice next year.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love how to teach us, I am grateful for it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still teach and don't understand the content at a certain point.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He liked giving advice on how to improve our project, and taught me to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Rather than copying from a book, change the method you taught.Make it easy and easier for students to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want you to clearly talk about [Instructor]The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Learning on a lab or computer is always recommended for students to learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If you change the real world allocation CUZ, you do not need to use Library or Library to recursive or do that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like the entry of the instructor's work, teachers use various boring tones and education.I feel that this course is worth studying so that students can participate in opinions or allow them to respond.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not be assigned to students during the exam, as it is necessary to take a break from lectures and review it.Therefore, it cannot be completely focused on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I still teach and don't understand the content at a certain point.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] Every time I requested the [instructor] support, I was very caring and attending me professionally.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignored student questions and never answered about classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Regarding 1.2, the link to the video opened during the class is a PDF file and can only see the image, so it is necessary to provide a link.The other is an activity documentation.You need to make sure that Software is the same as the outline.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers are very soft and difficult to listen to, so there are almost all contradictions.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] Every time I requested the [instructor] support, I was very caring and attending me professionally.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for telling us.I am really grateful.I hope you all!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good.Children need to study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent educational skills really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like how to teach us very much, suggestions and explanations.It is very helpful for us to understand each issue more clearly.In addition, I am looking at efforts and dedication in education.thank you.See you in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
How to use other apps such as [Software] and [Software], such as [Software], is very late to write in [Software], and it is sometimes difficult to read, so read in advance.You can do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think it is difficult to understand the [instructor] accentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please teach more than time and work during the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from the preparation of individual assignments +quiz +glupplies +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ has difficulty in printing using color ink if students have to print materials for the exam, so they can give slides using AJ, so the background of blue or black.Can you use a slide containing the solid body in a format that you can edit yourself?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from the preparation of individual assignments +quiz +glupplies +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to teach issues, please give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asks the students if they can do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In my opinion, too many issuesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to concentrate on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Lecture slide content may have too many content for students to digest, but I am grateful to study this course with Instructors and Instructors.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] It is sent too much by that nightThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for telling me this.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall it is good, but it would be nice if you could receive slides in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ has difficulty in printing using color ink if students have to print materials for the exam, so they can give slides using AJ, so the background of blue or black.Can you use a slide containing the solid body in a format that you can edit yourself?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers BC because they read our work before Q@& A sessions, they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please request the questionnaire at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning many things, even your teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install [software] on UNIX -based devices, especially with modern arm processors, [software] only admits the architecture x86_64.They are based on the web or writings in Java), since executing netica through the emulation of the Windows, there are cases in which my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Eliminate this topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of tasks is too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The mid -period exam has many calculations, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the way you teach us a lot, as well as suggestions and descriptions. That helps us a lot to understand each task more clearly. In addition, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the conference slides is sometimes to have too much content for students to digest, but it is still appreciated to study this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and think quickly write on the board to get an additional knit score, so it must be given to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this issue in our faculty of its uselessness.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time due to the English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all mistakes because the teacher speaks very softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all discrepancies because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, like the motto of our university it reminds us ..., real success does not lies in leatning, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like comments in real time that [Instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible to verify assistance and qualification classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It was not clear to assign the task, and never adapted to himself. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students so that they learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I want to concentrate morein the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work, but it gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The task that is done without a clear response, which results in the idea that it is a training, but without knowing if it is wrong or not, it can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign students during the exam week because we have to rest and review the conference. Then, we cannot focus completely on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of task must be an answer and verify the task too.When the exam has no sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time it gives the task and, [instructor] answers my question in the email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
subject in fact boring and uselessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The [instructor] accent is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Wait for those lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, as our university motto reminds us ..., real success does not lies in the leaters, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It was not clear to assign the task, and never adapted to himself. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work, but it gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm really grateful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to verify the name.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please record online conferencesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Case should not speak during the trial timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learned about what [the course] is really, I only obtained the meaning of each term and does not receive any comments from the task sent, I have not learned almost anything and the instructor seems that I do not care how the students will feel because Ellano I see anyChange of previous comments.There is no crime to any instructor, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in class, and class assistance has been abysmal. I intendant to season a little next year, please.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point continues to teach and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher has given us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way you taught, not copy of the book. It is simplified and easy for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that the tasks must be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those to whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [library], [library] is not necessary to make recursive or something.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(He is such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 a.m.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
As at the entrance of the instruction master work, it uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.I feel it is worth studying this course, as well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have a reactionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not assign students during the exam week because we have to rest and review the conference. Then, we cannot focus completely on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point continues to teach and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] I was very cordially and professionally every time I requested assistance [instructor]The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forget the task.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the question of the students and the things they are doing regarding the class were never answered.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you must provide the link to the video that opened during the class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. It is a thing that the activity document must verify [the software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all discrepancies because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] I was very cordially and professionally every time I requested assistance [instructor]The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm really grateful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the way you teach us a lot, as well as suggestions and descriptions. That helps us a lot to understand each task more clearly. In addition, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other applications, such as [software], [software], etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes reading difficult.Thanks in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the [instructor] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as the blue or black backThey give the slide? In the format that we can edit for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a refreshment to rest during class and ask students whether they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many tasks in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students to learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life.in the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content of the conference slides is sometimes to have too much content for students to digest, but it is still appreciated to study this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forget the task.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In general, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(He is such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 a.m.)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as the blue or black backThey give the slide? In the format that we can edit for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers because they have read our work before Q@& a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
