I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. Having individual assignment every week on top of gorup assignment, every week, is simply just too much considering this term's subjects. Individual homework often consist of having to list the meaning of this amount of words which in my opinion, didn't help me gain knowledge and certainly not [course] knowledge. The assigments or project requirement are sometimes unreasonable. Having the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as phase one is just simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile and yet they still expect us to deliver the same amount of pages as phase one. I also have issues with the questions in midterm exam. I can't simply cannot make sense of some of the question they decided to ask us. Why would having us list the tasks of team prject member and rate them test my knowledge of [course]. How would letting us give meaning to some words in an open-book exam benefit us when we do jobs in the future. It also took me almost all of this semester time to just find the meaning and importance of [course] and it's not by the class or exam or project but simply by my own research. Also we do we need to do executive summary and summary to every group assignment when sometimes the content is just half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students each year that fail this course. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2 I think that you provide the link to the video that you have opened during the class because it is PDF files and we can only see the picture. Another thing is the activity document.You should check whether [software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. The individual task every week in addition to Gorup, every week is simply too much if you obtain the topics of this term.In the opinion of the opinion, the requirements or project requirements are sometimes inappropriate. The same minimum requirement on pages 2 of the project such as phase 1 is sometimes inappropriate and in the worst case.Phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile, and yet we still expect the same amount of pages as the first phase. I also have problems with the questions in the intermediate test.that you have decided to put us. Why should we list the tasks of the Team PRJect member and evaluate you if we test my knowledge of [course]? How would we give us some words in an open book examinationif we do jobs in the future? It also took me almost all the time to find the importance and importance of [course], and it is not because of the class, the test or the project, but only through mineour own research.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think this [trainer] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class. Every class may be more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the trainer is committed and explained the content in such a way that I am interested.IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please draw lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Do not share me to ask a friend who believes that it is the duty of the teacher media.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline for sending work is pretty quick at some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Do not share me to ask a friend who believes that it is the duty of the teacher media.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How the work of children and compared to other student injuries does not give confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [topic] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to know every number of points when I send my task. So I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly think about writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.I can have a friend who believes that it was the duty of the teacher reading media.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Cover the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I was also unable to memorize the whole structure and struggle with the topic very much. However, I decided one at night through my sympathy and a coffee liter to revise the material from the beginning and from the last semester andTo concentrate on how [topic] works. I think that it is easier for me to know what and how data has been sent from every layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you beautiful !!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during class and asks the students whether he can or not.The master takes care of it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... the real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Every year there are many students who do not exist, and I think that the faculty should take into account that this course could change and check.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with the current evaluation system in which the assignment, when it is made with code, receives 100% and is done by letter of 75%.However, there is no explanation of the source code ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children don't read a source code that is bad, but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on Unix -based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the X86_64 Architecture.cannot install).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly think about writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabulary are useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility via hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you want to have a workshop, try to use different tools to display the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Remove this topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Professor received homework in class.If I get sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think Ajarn should use [software] to send homework. It does not make sense that the student has to send homework without using [system] whilethe student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn publishes the project 2 very late, but it should be published in the curriculum at the beginning of November. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the switch to other studies should be more useful (e.g. [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult in the last part. I think there should be an adaptation to the Kirikulum and perhaps exclude a topic. In my opinion, there are too complicated in my opinion to be taught in an entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like to know every number of points when I send my task. So I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] is a very good teacher for me. [Trainer] always give a clear feedback for my work. [Trainer] Answer the massage very quickly, which helps me to do the task smoothly. I am so happy in[Trainer] class.??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I want the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I am learning a lot with the teacher, but has to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a bit too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
Wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I can't understand what the teacher has taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too heavy for me to absorb.However, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
Indeed, boring and useless topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Perhaps he is good at teaching in the Thai language.Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the lessons have to record the students on site, it should be arranged during class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The decision to host courses on site and appear in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I've ever felt.[Instructor] may have health problems, but could have hosted online courses. In addition to insulting the injury, adding [trainer] many students do not like to like because nobody lists [instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothingOther than [instructor] you only read things on the presentation films.How can we concentrate on it. What is literally right there in the film itself? Although I don't like to say that [instructors] is superfluous and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing valuable, really in[Trainer] class to be busy, but we have many other things that are important that are important that are important that are important, which are important, which are important, that are important.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we quiz when the lessons begin better than we simply go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take about 2 hours to get from my home to the faculty.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good consultant, but he is not a good instructor at all because he cannot convey the knowledge in the class to let the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always learns learning better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I had the feeling that it was difficult to take the full picture of what was going on in lecture lessons. It would be better if the entire class wrote code on the computer during the lecture and then all had your own laboratory done.That would understand us better what's going on.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [topic] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Cover the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I usually can't get to take the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign a project before the final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Thank you for having [instructors] as our consultant. [Trainer] is really a beautiful mentor. [Trainer] gave us many effective and selective comments so that we can understand and improve in a not too stressful atmosphere.Very, thanks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility via hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for having [instructors] as our consultant. [Trainer] is really a beautiful mentor. [Trainer] gave us many effective and selective comments so that we can understand and improve in a not too stressful atmosphere.Very, thanks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work a lot during the examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As when the teacher's work occurs, the teacher uses a variety of boring tones and lessons.I have the feeling that this course is worth studying and enabling the students to be able to participate or react in the opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content when they went too quickly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name.And indicate a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [trainers] hears students and adaptable and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Perhaps he is good at teaching in the Thai language.Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Trainer] accent is difficult to understand, a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The intermediate examination has a large calculation.I think a calculator should be permissible because we are tested on our [courses] skills and not for our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content when they went too quickly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is the activity document, you must checkwhether [software] is the same as the scheme or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen to.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is quite simply too much. To have an individual assignment each week in addition to the assignment of Gorup, each week, is simply too much given the subjects of this term. Individual duties often consist in having to list the meaning ofThis quantity of words which, in my opinion, did not help me to acquire knowledge and certainly not to [the course] knowledge. Adoptions or the requirements of the project are sometimes unreasonable.Phase 2 of the project that phase one is simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 of a mile and yet they always expect us to deliverThe same quantity of pages as phase one. I also have problems with the mid-term questions of the exam. I can't just understand some of the questions they have decided to ask us.The tasks of the team member and evaluate them test my knowledge of [courses]. How we allow us to give meaning to certain words in an open notebook examination we will benefit when we do jobs in the future.Also need almost all of this semester to simply find the meaning and importance of [courses] and it is not by class or examination or project, but simply by my own research.Summary and a summary of each group assignment when sometimes the content is only half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the emphasis is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced with less time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the class because the instructor keeps the students committed and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has a wide knowledge on the subject and may well explain it.More, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to seek more computer knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record conferences onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and waiting for us to do notes to give notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline in the shipment of work is fairly fast in certain events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Like showing child labor and comparing with other students, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] more quickly. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [subject] than last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my mission. So I can manage my note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both the Thai and the English. Enjoying the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I also could not memorize the whole structure and find myself very difficult with the subject. However, one night, by my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the [lessons] of the lastSemester from the start by focusing on the functioning of [the subject]. I find it easier for me to study [courses] to know what and how the data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during the course and ask the students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like you to taught as missions, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Each year there are many students who fail this course. As a result, I think that the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I always have a problem with the current classification system where the assignment, if the code is 100% and done by writing obtains 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code which makes it really difficult toThe student to do like, well, you know ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad but it is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on unix -based devices, in particular with modern ARM processors, [software] only supports architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that takeNatively loads the X86_64 and Arm64 chipsets (perhaps those based on the web or written in Java), because the execution of Netica via emulation makes the program unstable and is blocked a lot (tested on x86_64 Suse Tumpedeed Etarm64 Windows,There are cases where my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the student of ICTThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs is useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility on hybrid courses (online + on site)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Delete this subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The professor received homework in class, so when I fall sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think that Jarn should use [the software] to send the homework. He does not make sense that theStudent must send homework without using [system] while in the online session, the student can send the duty with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn releases Project 2 very late, but it should be released in early November in the program. It's very short time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more work hw than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think that the transition to other studies should be more useful (such as [courses] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult especially the last part. I think that there should be an adjustment to the cirriculum and perhaps exclude a subject. Certain subjects are too complicated to be taught in an entry-level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my mission. So I can manage my note.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear comment for my work. [Instructor] answer the massage very quickly which helps me to do the mission gently. I am so happy to study inclass [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Hopes that the professor keeps this style indefinitely. I study a lot with the teacher, but I must repeat more knowledge than the othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and waiting for us to do notes to give notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait until we give the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
Boring and unnecessary subject in fact indeedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Maybe he's good in teaching in Thai language, Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class forces students to take the quiz on site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Deciding to welcome courses on site and its appearance only during online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have never felt, surely, [the instructor] can have health problems but could have organized coursesOnline. To add an insult to the injury, [the instructor] expresses is not liked it to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, thereNothing else other than [the instructor] to read things on presentation slides, so how could we remain concentrated on what is literally there in the slide itself? although I likeNot to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, me and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really engaged in the [instructor] class, we have a lot ofOther things that are important to put with it.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think that we who when the class starts better than we go to the faculty to take 15 minutes from quiz because I take about 2 hours to come to the faculty of my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a kind person and maybe a good advisor, but he is not at all a good instructor because he cannot deliver knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that laboratory learning or with computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the student of ICTThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For example, ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that it was difficult to get a complete image of what's going on in the conference course. It would be better if the whole written class of the code together on the computer during the conference, then leave everythingThe world to make its own laboratory thereafter. This would give us a better understanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] more quickly. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [subject] than last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both the Thai and the English. Enjoying the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you affect the final before the final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Thank you very much for having [the instructor] as an advisor. [Instructor] is a really nice mentor. [The instructor] gave us a lot of effective comments and on the point so that we can understand ourselves and improve in an atmospherenot too stressful. appreciated so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility on hybrid courses (online + on site)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. Children should study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project. Tens than score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [the instructor] as an advisor. [Instructor] is a really nice mentor. [The instructor] gave us a lot of effective comments and on the point so that we can understand ourselves and improve in an atmospherenot too stressful. appreciated so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more time, work during the exam, manyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As in the entrance to the instructorthhe work, the professor uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't take the contents if you were going too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name and gives a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listen to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Maybe he's good in teaching in Thai language, Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The emphasis [of the instructor] is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The mid-term examination has a lot of calculation, I think that a calculator should be authorized because we are tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't take the contents if you were going too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Regarding 1.2, the link to the video opened during the class is a PDF file and can only see the image, so it is necessary to provide a link.The other is an activity documentation.You need to make sure that Software is the same as the outline.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
There are too many workloads.Every week, every week, individual allocation is too much, taking into account the theme of this term every week.In my opinion, individual homework is composed of the meaning of this amount of words that did not help gain knowledge.Assimilation or project requirements are sometimes unreasonable.Having the same minimum requirements on the pages of the project pages as a phase 1 is simply a negligible ZY in the highest state, and in the worst case, is malicious, so the project phase 2 is 1 than phase 1.Although the mileage decreases, the United States is still expected to distribute the same amount of pages as phase 1.There is also a problem with the interim exam questions.We cannot simply understand some of the questions they have decided to ask.Why do we list the team's PRJECT members' tasks and evaluate our knowledge of [Course]?When working in the future, it is possible to make a profit to some words in the open book test.Also, over all of the time in this semester, just find the meaning and importance of the course, it is not a class, exam or project, but simply my own research.Also, if the content is on half the page, you need to execute executive summary and summary for all group allocation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the [instructor] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach more interestinglyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think the task needs to be reduced over a long time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I am enjoying the class because the instructor continues to engage the students and can explain the content in the way I am interested.Instructors also have a wide range of knowledge about this theme and can explain it well.We are also grateful that the instructor motivates us to find more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Record a lecture onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
For some events, the deadline for sending the work is very fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy too much time.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and have inappropriate comments, such as showing my child's work and comparing with other students.There is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [topics] last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.Also, I thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know all the scores when sending the assignment.So I can manage my grades.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please explain both Thailand and English.Cover the entire lesson.thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Also, I couldn't memorize the whole structure, and I couldn't realize that I was very struggling with the theme.However, one night, through my compassion and one liter of coffee, I decided to fix the course from the previous semester to the [topic] mechanism from the first semester.It turns out that it is easier to know how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Assignment can actually be meaningless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asks the students if they can do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like to teach issues, please give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities are reminiscent of us ... true success is not a snack but in the reality of the reality (imagination with imagination.-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students who fail this course every year.Therefore, I think I should think that teachers can change this course and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A wonderful teacher, very compassion and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with the current grading system, but if it is done by code, I will get 100 % and write, but I will get 75 %, but students explain the really difficult source code.Not.... We are all really negligible children, and the lazy children do not read the source code, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Assignment may not really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It is difficult to install Software on UNIX -based devices.Especially with the latest arm processor, [Software] supports only X86_64 architectures.I think there are many alternatives that natively support both X86_64 and ARM64 chipset (probably written on Web -based or Java).Running NETICA via the emulation will result in an unstable program and a large crash (tested on X86_64 SUSE TUMBLEWEED, may not be able to install ARM64 Windows, M1 Macbook friends at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabulary is useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be more flexible about hybrid classes (online+on -site)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want a workshop, use various tools to display imagesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The professor received homework in the class, so if he gets sick, he cannot send his homework properly.I think AJARN should send homework using [Software].In online sessions, it is meaningless that students have to send homework without using the System while students can send issues with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJARN will release Project 2 very late, but will be released in Sylavus in early November.It has little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to do more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think it should be more convenient to change to other research ([course], etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult, especially in the last part.I think Cirriculum needs to be adjusted, but you probably need to exclude some topics.In my opinion, some topics are too complicated and cannot be taught in the entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know all the scores when sending the assignment.So I can manage my grades.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me.[Instructor] always gives my job clearly feedback.It helps to reply to the Instructor massage very quickly and smoothly perform issues.I'm very happy to study in the [Instructor] class.????????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I hope the teacher keeps this style indefinitely.I often study with teachers, but I need to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During the Instructor, I was able to notice that the Instructor was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think it is too difficult to absorb lessons, but I will do my best to understand them!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
Certainly boring, boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like instructors to understand that the learning method teaching by [Instructor] does not give most of the students a sufficient understanding of students.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Maybe he should teach in Thai, Morethane explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires students to take a quiz on the premises, they must be placed at class hours.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The fact that she decides to host an on -site class and she only appears in online conferences is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, and [Instructors] may have a health problem.Not, but it may be hosting online classes.In order to add S humiliation to the injury, [Instructor] does not listen to the Instructor, so many students have a disgust, but we have defense.What is the slide itself literally there?I don't want to say that [Instructor] is redundant and useless, but I and many other people share the same opinion that it is hardly valuable to actually engage in the Instructor class.But there are many other important things.Create.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
We take about 2 hours to come to teachers from home, so we think we will quiz when the class starts rather than going to a teacher to get a 15 -minute quiz on Wednesday.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a kind person and can be an excellent advisor, but he is not a good instructor because he cannot provide class knowledge to make students understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Learning on a lab or computer is always recommended for students to learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Assignment can actually be meaningless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Similarly, please ask for a quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt it was difficult to fully understand what was going on in the lecture class.If the entire class wrote the code together on the computer during the lecture, it would be better if everyone let everyone do it.It will better understand what is going on to us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [topics] last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from the preparation of individual assignments +quiz +glupplies +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell me more interesting thingsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please explain both Thailand and English.Cover the entire lesson.thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During the Instructor, I was able to notice that the Instructor was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If there is too much work, the reason why the project is finally assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
There are too many quizzesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for welcoming [Instructor] as an advisor.[Instructor] is a really nice mentor.The Instructor provided a lot of effective and on -point comments so that you could understand and improve yourself in an atmosphere that is not so stressful.Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be more flexible about hybrid classes (online+on -site)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good.Children need to study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Understand that the instructor teaches most students in the instructor that the learning method teaches is not fully understood.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for welcoming [Instructor] as an advisor.[Instructor] is a really nice mentor.The Instructor provided a lot of effective and on -point comments so that you could understand and improve yourself in an atmosphere that is not so stressful.Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please teach more than time and work during the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like the entry of the instructor's work, teachers use various boring tones and education.I feel that this course is worth studying so that students can participate in opinions or allow them to respond.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It may be too fast to catch the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz checks the name and give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] really likes to listen to students and adapt to studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love how to teach us, I am grateful for it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Maybe he should teach in Thai, Morethane explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] accents are difficult to understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are many calculations in the middle exam.I think that it is necessary to allow a calculator because it is tested about the course skill, not the calculation skill.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from preparing for individual assignments +quiz +group reports +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It may be too fast to catch the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you must provide the link to the video that opened during the class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. It is a thing that the activity document must verify [the software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is simply too much. Taking an individual assignment every week in addition to the Assignment of Gorup, every week, it is simply too considering the subjects of this term. The individual task often consists in having to enumerate the meaning of this amount ofwords that, in my opinion, did not help me obtain knowledge and certainly not [the course] of knowledge. The project assignments or requirements are sometimes not reasonable. have the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as thePhase one is simply lazy on his part, at best, in the best case, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 for a mile and still wait for us to deliver the same amountof pages that phase one. I also have problems with the questions in the mid -period exam. I can't simpand qualifying them to prove my knowledge of [course]? How to let us make sense of some words in an open book exam would benefit us when we do work in the future? It also took almost all this time to find the meaning and importance of [[course] and it is not for class, exam or project, but simply by my own research. We also have to make an executive summary and a summary to each group task when sometimes the content is only half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that tasks should be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps students committed and can explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has extensive knowledge on the subject and can explain it well.More knowledge of you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record online conferencesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make the students understand and also wait for us to give a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline in shipping work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How to show children's work and compare with other students, too, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending it.I can't handle time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we only learn [theme] modern only in the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my homework. Then, I can administer my qualification.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and think quickly write on the board to get an additional knit score, so it must be given to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the entire lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Nor could I memorize the entire structure and find myself very fighting with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to check the [course] material last semester from the beginning focusing on how it works [The subject]. Encounter that is easier for me to study [course] know what and how the data were sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a refreshment to rest during class and ask students whether they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to verify the name.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, like the motto of our university it reminds us ..., real success does not lies in leatning, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students every year that this course fails. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with the current qualification system where the task, if done by code, is obtained 100% and is done writing 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code that really makes it difficult to do as,Well, you know, you know ... we are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on UNIX -based devices, especially with modern arm processors, [software] only admits the architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that natively admit both x86_64 and ARM64 (maybe those thatThey are based on the web or written in Java), since executing netica through the emulation of the Windows, there are cases in which my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and think quickly write on the board to get an additional knit score, so it must be given to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+on the site)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use several tools to see the image.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Eliminate this topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher received the task in class, so when I get sick I can not send the task correctly.While in the online session, the student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time it gives the task and, [instructor] answers my question in the email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Lanjan launches project 2 too late, but must be launched in early November in the curriculum. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think changing other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult to especially part.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my homework. Then, I can administer my qualification.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear feedback to my work. [Instructor] Answer the very fast massage that helps me do the homework without problems. I'm very happy to study in class [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would like the teacher to maintain this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher, but I have to repeat more knowledge than others.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time you give the task and [instructor] answer my question in email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make the students understand and also wait for us to give a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do everything possible to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
subject in fact boring and uselessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class to do the good class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Perhaps it is good in Thai language teaching that Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires that students take the questionnaire on the site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Wait for those lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Deciding organizing classes on the site and its only appearance in online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have felt, safe, [instructor] can have health problems, but could have housed online classes. To add an insult to theinjury, [the instructor] expresses aversion to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothing more than [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides, so how could we keep us focused on?What is literally there on the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really involved in class [of the instructor], we have many other things that are important paratratat with.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we question when the class begins better than we are only going to the power to take 15 minutes questionnaire on Wednesday because it takes about 2 hours to reach the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good advisor, however, he is not a good instructor at all, since he cannot deliver knowledge in the class for the student to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please request the questionnaire at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that it is difficult to get a complete image of what is happening in the conferencesunderstanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we only learn [theme] modern only in the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the entire lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please, a little speed decreases.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign the project before the final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Try too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [Instructor] It is really a good mentor. [Instructor] He gave us many effective comments and in point so we can understand and improve ourselves in an atmosphere not too star. I appreciate it a lot, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+on the site)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class to do the good class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [Instructor] It is really a good mentor. [Instructor] He gave us many effective comments and in point so we can understand and improve ourselves in an atmosphere not too star. I appreciate it a lot, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As at the entrance of the instruction master work, it uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.I feel it is worth studying this course, as well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have a reactionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't capture the content if you were too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are perhaps reviewing the name and giving a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listens to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Perhaps it is good in Thai language teaching that Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The [instructor] accent is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The mid -period exam has many calculations, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't capture the content if you were too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
