The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I do urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that the students may be able to revise the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [course] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [topic] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I usually can't get to take the note.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the class was on site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You are very nice and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want teachers to tell clearly about the lesson that is learned, because at some point I am a bit confused what we learn now. And I want teachers to teach foils because I obviously cannot see the handwriting on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for the use of the [system] to work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we quiz when the lessons begin better than we simply go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take about 2 hours to get from my home to the faculty.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] is a very good teacher for me. [Trainer] always give a clear feedback for my work. [Trainer] Answer the massage very quickly, which helps me to do the task smoothly. I am so happy in[Trainer] class.??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Aj. Very nice. They made us feel like we ask us. Thank you nice.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught is a bit too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for having [instructors] as our consultant. [Trainer] is really a beautiful mentor. [Trainer] gave us many effective and selective comments so that we can understand and improve in a not too stressful atmosphere.Very, thanks.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Lots of work pollutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to be handled. A certain assignment is not nectar and waste. Several individual tasks look like a project.B. to have the report, 20 pages, summarized more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker in the online value of the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learn what is really [course], I only have the meaning of each semester and don't get feedback from the submitted task, I have learned almost nothing and the trainer does not seem to worry about how the students feel about themBecome no changes compared to the previous comments.No criminal offense of instructors, but not many people are interested in the class for me, and the class visit was miserable. Please try a little bit on a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabulary are useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand the coding, I would like this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process before the coding, e.g.B. the problem, but I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I can't follow the teacher from time to time because of English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [topic] sent too much of that nightThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class, and you may tear every class more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homework is every week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.If the table is wider when placing the box and the laptop, it is further.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The fact that teacher lessons are very good led to the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [trainers] hears students and adaptable and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the lessons have to record the students on site, it should be arranged during class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the students should discuss in the classroom and teachers should use the microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The fact that teacher lessons are very good led to the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this topic in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current evaluation system in which the assignment, when it is made with code, receives 100% and is done by letter of 75%.However, there is no explanation of the source code ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children don't read a source code that is bad, but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I ask academic matters to provide the records so that the students can revise the material themselves.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the students should discuss in the classroom and teachers should use the microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers because you have read our work in front of Q@& A session so that you can give good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj. Very nice. They made us feel like we ask us. Thank you nice.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can usually get the note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Do not change the way you have taught from the book. Make it simplified and easy to learn to the student.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to be handled. A certain assignment is not nectar and waste. Several individual tasks look like a project.B. to have the report, 20 pages, summarized more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, has to read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I do not know how the content was taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a friendly person and can be a good consultant, but he is not a good instructor at all because he cannot convey the knowledge in the class to let the student understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The decision to host courses on site and appear in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I've ever felt.[Instructor] may have health problems, but could have hosted online courses. In addition to insulting the injury, adding [trainer] many students do not like to like because nobody lists [instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothingOther than [instructor] you only read things on the presentation films.How can we concentrate on it. What is literally right there in the film itself? Although I don't like to say that [instructors] is superfluous and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing valuable, really in[Trainer] class to be busy, but we have many other things that are important that are important that are important that are important, which are important, which are important, that are important.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.Students have, as to know that our answer is correct? While in class we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand the coding, I would like this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process before the coding, e.g.B. the problem, but I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic during the lesson, so we often do not know which chapter we learn and the use of whiteboard in class made it more difficult to give a lecture, since the teacher of random place for writing and disorderedwas incomprehensible too.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of tasks is pretty too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Professor received homework in class.If I get sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think Ajarn should use [software] to send homework. It does not make sense that the student has to send homework without using [system] whilethe student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [software], [software] etc., since writing in [software] is quite delayed and it sometimes makes it difficult to read it in advance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I want the teacher to have techniques that interest the students more in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how we improve our projects and taught ourselves to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please have the students present present, while some telephones are unable to scan from a distance or to have another option for the presenceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want teachers to tell clearly about the lesson that is learned, because at some point I am a bit confused what we learn now. And I want to teach teachers on foils because I obviously cannot see the handwriting on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly consider writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please have the students present present, while some telephones are unable to scan from a distance or to have another option for participationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign a project before the final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you beautiful !!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Lots of work pollutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [course] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class was on site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... the real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn publishes the project 2 very late, but it should be published in the curriculum at the beginning of November. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
A lot of homework should also give an answer and also check homework.If the test has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic during the lesson, so we often do not know which chapter we learn and the use of whiteboard in class made it more difficult to give a lecture, since the teacher of random place for writing and disorderedwas incomprehensible too.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have more HW work than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors often ignore the question of the student and the things that were asked about the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for sending work is pretty quick at some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] faster. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [subject] than last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the course to be on site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly the lesson that will be learned because sometimes I am a little confused what we learn now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because I can obviously not see the scriptures on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic, except to use the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think that we who when the class starts better than we go to the faculty to take 15 minutes from quiz because I take about 2 hours to come to the faculty of my home.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear comment for my work. [Instructor] answer the massage very quickly which helps me to do the mission gently. I am so happy to study inclass [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
AJ. Is very nice. You made us at ease to ask. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [the instructor] as an advisor. [Instructor] is a really nice mentor. [The instructor] gave us a lot of effective comments and on the point so that we can understand ourselves and improve in an atmospherenot too stressful. appreciated so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project. Tens than score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to manage. A certain assignment is not nectal and waste time. Certain individual assignments resemble a project. In addition, the requirement of the project and the weekly attribution is notEffective, as the report must have 20 pages, the summary must exceed two pages. I think that the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the guest speaker is online, the student must also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
AT is very effective.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I rarely learn what is really [lessons], I only have the meaning of each term and I do not get any comments from the submissive mission, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor does not seem to beSquare what students feel about it because I see no change in relation to the previous comments.No instructor, but as far as I am concerned, few people are interested in the class, and the frequentation of the class has been appalling. Awhat a little bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabs is useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part where I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly on competitive thought or the process before coding, as cutting the problem. However, I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time because of the English speech.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Subject] sent by this night too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many homework, every week ago.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioner in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teaching of the teacher is very well conducted because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listen to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class forces students to take the quiz on site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think students should chat in class and the teacher must use the microphone and the projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teaching of the teacher is very well conducted because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this subject in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I always have a problem with the current classification system where the assignment, if the code is 100% and done by writing obtains 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code which makes it really difficult toThe student to do like, well, you know ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad but it is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I exhort academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students can revise the equipment by themselves.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should chat in class and the teacher must use the microphone and the projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers because they read our work before Q @ & a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
AJ. Is very nice. You made us at ease to ask. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy from the book. See simplify and easy to learn for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to manage. A certain assignment is not nectal and waste time. Certain individual assignments resemble a project. In addition, the requirement of the project and the weekly attribution is notEffective, as the report must have 20 pages, the summary must exceed two pages. I think that the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content.I do not know how the content has taught. The duty to teach on teaching does not need to speak to each other.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a kind person and maybe a good advisor, but he is not at all a good instructor because he cannot deliver knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding to welcome courses on site and its appearance only during online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have never felt, surely, [the instructor] can have health problems but could have organized coursesOnline. To add an insult to the injury, [the instructor] expresses is not liked it to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, thereNothing else other than [the instructor] to read things on presentation slides, so how could we remain concentrated on what is literally there in the slide itself? although I likeNot to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, me and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really engaged in the [instructor] class, we have a lot ofOther things that are important to put with it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] should inform the student of the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [The instructor] should not give missions during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice,But it would be preferable for him to have a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose our answer is correct? In class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part where I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly on competitive thought or the process before coding, as cutting the problem. However, I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject during teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and the use of the whiteboard in teaching made the conference more difficult because the teacher wasA random location for writing and disorderly. Sa communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of assignments is too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The professor received homework in class, so when I fall sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think that Jarn should use [the software] to send the homework. He does not make sense that theStudent must send homework without using [system] while in the online session, the student can send the duty with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
At the time of writing the time of writing, how to use other applications instead, such as [software], [software] etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delayed and sometimes makes it difficult to read.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Hopes that the teacher has techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like the fact that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones are not able to scan at a certain distance or have another way to participateThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want the teacher to tell clearly the lesson that will be learned because sometimes I am a little confused what we learn now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because I can obviously not see the scriptures on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones are not able to scan at a certain distance or have another way to participateThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you affect the final before the final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] faster. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [lessons] than last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the course to be on site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced with less time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases Project 2 very late, but it should be released in early November in the program. It's very short time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many homework should be a response and check the homework.When the exam has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for taught this property.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject during teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and the use of the whiteboard in teaching made the conference more difficult because the teacher wasA random location for writing and disorderly. Sa communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more work hw than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the student's issue and the things wondering about the class have never been answered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like you to taught like homework, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the comments in real time that [the instructor] gave during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline in the shipment of work is fairly fast in certain events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [topics] last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I hope the class is on -site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your educational style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I'm a little confused about what I'm learning now, so I want my teachers to clearly tell the lessons to learn.And I can't see the handwriting on the board, so I want a teacher to teach it on a slide.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is wonderful, except to use System for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It takes about 2 hours to come to a teacher from home, so I think we will quiz when the class starts rather than going to a teacher to get a 15 -minute quiz on Wednesday.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me.[Instructor] always gives my job clearly feedback.It helps to reply to the Instructor massage very quickly and smoothly perform issues.I'm very happy to study in the [Instructor] class.????????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
AJ.Very good.You felt like asking us comfortably.thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for welcoming [Instructor] as an advisor.[Instructor] is a really nice mentor.The Instructor provided a lot of effective and on -point comments so that you could understand and improve yourself in an atmosphere that is not so stressful.Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Workloads are imbalanced and too much to handle.Some assignments are not honey, but waste time.Some individual assignments look like one project.In addition, the report requires 20 pages, and project requirements and weekly assignments are not efficient.The summary must be more than two pages.I don't think the number of pages can reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker is online, students must be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely know what "course" is, I have only the meaning of each semester, I can't get feedback from the submitted task, I hardly learn anything, andThe instructor doesn't seem to care how the students feel about her. I can't see any changes from my previous comments.There is no crime to the instructor, but as far as I can, many people are interested in classes, and the class attendees were terrible.Try a little spice next year.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabulary is useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you didn't understand the coding, please tell this course more clearly about reducing problems with intense competition and processes before codeing.But I think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
You can't follow a teacher from time to time for English speeches.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] It is sent too much by that nightThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is every week that there are too many homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to tell me more interesting thingsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to concentrate on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy that time is too low.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioner of the lab is very cold.When the box [course] and laptop are placed, the table will be wider than this.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's education was very good.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] really likes to listen to students and adapt to studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class requires students to take a quiz on the premises, they must be placed at class hours.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Students need to discuss in the classroom, and teachers need to provide clear education using microphone and projector.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's education was very good.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this theme for our teachers because it is uselessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current grading system, but if it is done by code, I will get 100 % and write, but I will get 75 %, but students explain the really difficult source code.Not.... We are all really negligible children, and the lazy children do not read the source code, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although no recording is provided, it encourages students to provide recording so that students can correct their materials themselves.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Students need to discuss in the classroom, and teachers need to provide clear education using microphone and projector.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers BC because they read our work before Q@& A sessions, they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
AJ.Very good.You felt like asking us comfortably.thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Rather than copying from a book, change the method you taught.Make your students learn and make it easier and easier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Workloads are imbalanced and too much to handle.Some assignments are not honey, but waste time.Some individual assignments look like one project.In addition, the report requires 20 pages, and project requirements and weekly assignments are not efficient.The summary must be more than two pages.I don't think the number of pages can reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, needs to read almost 100 %.I do not understand the content at all.I don't know how the content is taught.Ironically, there is an association in a class that cannot be chased by teachers and has a reputation for leaving the room.If you have a duty to teach, you need to talk to each other.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a kind person and can be an excellent advisor, but he is not a good instructor because he cannot provide class knowledge to make students understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The fact that she decides to host an on -site class and she only appears in online conferences is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, and [Instructors] may have a health problem.Not, but it may be hosting online classes.In order to add S humiliation to the injury, [Instructor] does not listen to the Instructor, so many students have a disgust, but we have defense.What is the slide itself literally there?I don't want to say that [Instructor] is redundant and useless, but I and many other people share the same opinion that it is hardly valuable to actually engage in the Instructor class.But there are many other important things.Create.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Instructors need to tell students about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.[Instructor] must not be assigned during the final exam.I can understand that it is a practice, but it would be better if it had a solution for students.Do you know that our answer is right?I don't understand anything during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If you didn't understand the coding, please tell this course more clearly about reducing problems with intense competition and processes before codeing.But I think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic while teaching, so we do not know the chapter often learned.And because the teacher was a random place that was confused and random, using a whiteboard in class made it difficult to lecture.I couldn't understand his communication.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The professor received homework in the class, so if he gets sick, he cannot send his homework properly.I think AJARN should send homework using [Software].In online sessions, it is meaningless that students have to send homework without using the System while students can send issues with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
How to use other apps such as [Software] and [Software], such as [Software], is very late to write in [Software], and it is sometimes difficult to read, so read in advance.You can do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.Also, I thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I want my teacher to have a technique that students are more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He liked giving advice on how to improve our project, and taught me to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some phone calls cannot be scanned from a certain distance or cannot have another method for attendance, but let the students check the attendance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the method you taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I'm a little confused about what I'm learning now, so I want my teachers to clearly tell the lessons to learn.And I can't see the handwriting on the board, so I want a teacher to teach it on a slide.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some phone calls cannot be scanned from a certain distance or cannot have another method for attendance, but let the students check the attendance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If there is too much work, the reason why the project is finally assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Assignment may not really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [courses] last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I hope the class is on -site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities remind you of us ... true success is not in LEATNING, but the application of real life (imagination with imagination).-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AJARN will release Project 2 very late, but will be released in Sylavus in early November.It has little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many homework is the answer, and you need to check your homework.If there is no seat in the exam, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for telling me this.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
In contact with [Instructor], I was able to notice that [Instructor] was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic while teaching, so we do not know the chapter often learned.And because the teacher was a random place that was confused and random, using a whiteboard in class made it difficult to lecture.I couldn't understand his communication.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to do more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.I also thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors often ignored student questions and never answered about classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like to teach the tasks, please tell us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the real -time feedback given by [Instructor] during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach more interestinglyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For some events, the deadline for sending the work is very fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we only learn [theme] modern only in the last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please decrease a slightly speed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time you give the task and [instructor] answer my question in email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopefully the class is on the site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because at some point I am a little confused what we are learning now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because obviously I can not see the writings by hand on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for using [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we question when the class begins better than we are only going to the power to take 15 minutes questionnaire on Wednesday because it takes about 2 hours to reach the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear feedback to my work. [Instructor] Answer the very fast massage that helps me do the homework without problems. I'm very happy to study in class [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 am)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Aj. It is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught is too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [Instructor] It is really a good mentor. [Instructor] He gave us many effective comments and in point so we can understand and improve ourselves in an atmosphere not too star. I appreciate it a lot, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some task is not nect and waste time. Some individual tasks seem like a project. In addition, the project requirement and the weekly allocation is not efficient, since the report must have 20 pages, the summary must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the guest speaker online, the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ta is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I rarely learned about what [the course] is really, I only obtained the meaning of each term and does not receive any comments from the task sent, I have not learned almost anything and the instructor seems that I do not care how the students will feel because Ellano I see anyChange of previous comments.There is no crime to any instructor, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in class, and class assistance has been abysmal. I intendant to season a little next year, please.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, how to cut the problem. However, I also believe that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time due to the English speech.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forget the task.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many tasks are every week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students to learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life.in the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
That the teacher's teaching is very well led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listens to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class requires that students take the questionnaire on the site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think students should discuss in the classroom and the teacher must use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teacher's teaching is very well led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this issue in our faculty of its uselessness.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current qualification system where the task, if done by code, is obtained 100% and is done writing 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code that really makes it difficult to do as,Well, you know, you know ... we are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Recording is not provided, but urges academic issues to provide recordings so that students can review the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in the classroom and the teacher must use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers because they have read our work before Q@& a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj. It is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please, a little speed decreases.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy of the book. It is simplified and easy for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some task is not nect and waste time. Some individual tasks seem like a project. In addition, the project requirement and the weekly allocation is not efficient, since the report must have 20 pages, the summary must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, he must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content. It has the duty to teach about teaching does not need to speak with each other.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a friendly person and can be a good advisor, however, he is not a good instructor at all, since he cannot deliver knowledge in the class for the student to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding organizing classes on the site and its only appearance in online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have felt, safe, [instructor] can have health problems, but could have housed online classes. To add an insult to theinjury, [the instructor] expresses aversion to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothing more than [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides, so how could we keep us focused on?What is literally there on the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really involved in class [of the instructor], we have many other things that are important paratratat with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] You must tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [Instructor] He should not give any task during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice, but it would be better if he has a solution for the student.I mean, how are you supposed to know that our answer is correct? While we are in class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, how to cut the problem. However, I also believe that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject while teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and wearing a blackboard in the teaching made it more difficult to give a conference because the teacher was a random location to write and mess. His communication tooIt was incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of tasks is too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher received the task in class, so when I get sick I can not send the task correctly.While in the online session, the student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other applications, such as [software], [software], etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes reading difficult.Thanks in advance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like that the teacher has given us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Let students have assistance controls, while some phones are not able to scan from a certain distance or have another form of assistanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want the teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because at some point I am a little confused what we are learning now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because obviously I can not see the writings by hand on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and quickly think on the board to get an additional knit score, so they must occur to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Let students have assistance controls, while some phones are not able to scan from a certain distance or have another form of assistanceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign the project before the final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we can only learn [course] modern only the last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Hopefully the class is on the site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, as our university motto reminds us ..., real success does not lies in the leaters, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that the tasks must be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Lanjan launches project 2 too late, but must be launched in early November in the curriculum. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that the tasks must be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
A lot of task must be an answer and verify the task too.When the exam has no sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject while teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and wearing a blackboard in the teaching made it more difficult to give a conference because the teacher was a random location to write and mess. His communication tooIt was incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the question of the students and the things they are doing regarding the class were never answered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like comments in real time that [Instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline in shipping work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
