I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that the instructor should explain the content in more detail because I was not able to understand several parts of the lectures. Also, I had trouble understanding the content in the slides because the connection between the topics in the slides is not clear and the explanation for several parts is complicated. Each slide introduced a new topic, and I was unable to see the overall picture of the topics and how this slide is related to the previous or the next. Also, as for the explanations, the way that the content is explained is quite confusing and give a clear explanation of the content. Several parts were standalone sentences that were difficult to connect with what the topic is about and the other parts of the explanation. I had to do quite extensive external learning through several websites on the internet to understand several parts of the lectures because I could not understand the explanations provided in the slides. I would like the slides to be better organized and the explanations of the content, both in the slides and when the instructor explains the content, to be clearer and more easily understandable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too much worksThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral  .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more work as a HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
1.2 hours of consecutive studying is too much for me to stay focused. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more work as a HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The problem with most of the students, including me at some point in the learning experience, is that they cannot remember the [topic] . I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor give descriptions and details in class topic very clearThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This class is the least enjoyable class in this semeseter. The weekly assignment in my opinion is not nessecary. This class's assignment is too heavy, and it takes up most of the time I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered all over the place, with some overlapping with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential but by the way it is planned right now, theres too much unnessecary workload and too much contents. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are many students each year that fail this course. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this courseFeeling like and fun in various workBut it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([Software]) before and there is a Senior Project that makes work not fully creative.But overall I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I do urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that the students may be able to revise the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how we improve our projects and taught ourselves to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Cover the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of successive studies are too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The decision to host courses on site and appear in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I've ever felt.[Instructor] may have health problems, but could have hosted online courses. In addition to insulting the injury, adding [trainer] many students do not like to like because nobody lists [instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothingOther than [instructor] you only read things on the presentation films.How can we concentrate on it. What is literally right there in the film itself? Although I don't like to say that [instructors] is superfluous and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing valuable, really in[Trainer] class to be busy, but we have many other things that are important that are important that are important that are important, which are important, which are important, that are important.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The trainer gives descriptions and details in the class topic very clearly,The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Lots of work pollutionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I was also unable to memorize the whole structure and struggle with the topic very much. However, I decided one at night through my sympathy and a coffee liter to revise the material from the beginning and from the last semester andTo concentrate on how [topic] works. I think that it is easier for me to know what and how data has been sent from every layer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of successive studies are too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the exam week because we have to rest and check the lecture, so we cannot fully concentrate on the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during class and asks the students whether he can or not.The master takes care of it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Lots of work pollutionThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that the instructor should explain the content more detail because I could not understand several parts of the lectures.is complicated for several parts. Yede film set a new topic and I was able to contain the overall picture of the topics and how this film is related to the previous or next.Confusing and delivering a clear explanation of the content. Several parts were independent sentences that were difficult to connect what the topic is and in the other parts of the explanation. I had to make a rather extensive external learning through several websites on the Internet toto understand some parts of the lectures, since I could not understand the explanations given in the foils.easier to be understandable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He was not clear to assign homework, and he never adapted to him. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
1.2 hours of successive studies are too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during class and asks the students whether he can or not.The master takes care of it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Remove this topicThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. Very nice. They made us feel like we ask us. Thank you nice.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For 1.2 I think that you provide the link to the video that you have opened during the class because it is PDF files and we can only see the picture. Another thing is the activity document.You should check whether [software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
The content still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Professor received homework in class.If I get sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think Ajarn should use [software] to send homework. It does not make sense that the student has to send homework without using [system] whilethe student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of researching the first five weeks of this course and fun in various workers overall, I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
I think the lesson is too heavy for me to absorb.However, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj. Very nice. They made us feel like we ask us. Thank you nice.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [trainers] hears students and adaptable and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good consultant, but he is not a good instructor at all because he cannot convey the knowledge in the class to let the student understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Perhaps he is good at teaching in the Thai language.Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the switch to other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How the work of children and compared to other student injuries does not give confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We should not have this topic in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I am learning a lot with the teacher, but has to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn publishes the project 2 very late, but it should be published in the curriculum at the beginning of November. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
As when the teacher's work occurs, the teacher uses a variety of boring tones and lessons.I have the feeling that this course is worth studying and enabling the students to be able to participate or react in the opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't want to organize a message eventThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please draw lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on Unix -based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the X86_64 Architecture.cannot install).The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want teachers to be more flexible if they check attendance courses and evaluate the classification.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
We should not have this topic in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral  .
In the part in which I did not understand the coding, I would like this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process before the coding, e.g.B. the problem, but I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.If the table is wider when placing the box and the laptop, it is further.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Do not change the way you have taught from the book. Make it simplified and easy to learn to the student.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I am learning a lot with the teacher, but has to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Do not change the way you have taught from the book. Make it simplified and easy to learn to the student.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more work than HW than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content when they went too quickly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
1.2 hours of successive studies are too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [trainers] hears students and adaptable and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the lesson is too heavy for me to absorb.However, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The intermediate examination has a large calculation.I think a calculator should be permissible because we are tested on our [courses] skills and not for our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For 1.2 I think that you provide the link to the video that you have opened during the class because it is PDF files and we can only see the picture. Another thing is the activity document.You should check whether [software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us to understand every task more clearly.See us in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have more work than HW than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The fact that teacher lessons are very good led to the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn shouldn't speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic during the lesson, so we often do not know which chapter we learn and the use of whiteboard in class made it more difficult to give a lecture, since the teacher of random place for writing and disorderedwas incomprehensible too.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how we improve our projects and taught ourselves to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Remove this topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this [trainer] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Could AJ use the film that does not contain a fixed color such as blue or black background, because if the students have to print the material for the exam, they are difficult to read or have to print it with color ink ink or please give the film to the format,that we can edit ourselves?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the trainer is committed and explained the content in such a way that I am interested.IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I would like to know every number of points when I send my task. So I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't want to organize a message eventThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I had the feeling that it was difficult to take the full picture of what was going on in lecture lessons. It would be better if the entire class wrote code on the computer during the lecture and then all had your own laboratory done.That would understand us better what's going on.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the students should discuss in the classroom and teachers should use the microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current evaluation system in which the assignment, when it is made with code, receives 100% and is done by letter of 75%.However, there is no explanation of the source code ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children don't read a source code that is bad, but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't follow the teacher from time to time because of English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
In my opinion too many tasksThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Indeed, boring and useless topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of tasks is pretty too much.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign a project before the final.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the lesson is too heavy for me to absorb.However, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I wish the class was on site.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The problem with most students, including me, at some point in learning experience, is that they cannot remember the [topic].Fighting. However, my sympathy and a coffee liter decided to revise the material from the start from the start and to concentrate on how [topic] it works. I think it is easier for me,Knowing what and how data were sent from every layer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always learns learning better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignore the question of the student and the things that were asked about the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please have the students present present, while some telephones are unable to scan from a distance or to have another option for the presenceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The trainer gives descriptions and details in the class topic very clearly,The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How the work of children and compared to other student injuries does not give confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I had the feeling that it was difficult to take the full picture of what was going on in lecture lessons. It would be better if the entire class wrote code on the computer during the lecture and then all had your own laboratory done.That would understand us better what's going on.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everything is fantastic except for the use of the [system] to work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This class is the least gratifying class in this Semeseter. The weekly task is not a nessecary. The task of this class is too difficult and takes most of the time that I spent this semester.So few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere and some are overlapping with computer network and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is planned that there is too much unnessecary workload and tooA lot of content. Please adapt this class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class, and you may tear every class more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, has to read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I do not know how the content was taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Do not share me to ask a friend who believes that it is the duty of the teacher media.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much homework is every week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Indeed, boring and useless topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As when the teacher's work occurs, the teacher uses a variety of boring tones and lessons.I have the feeling that this course is worth studying and enabling the students to be able to participate or react in the opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [software], [software] etc., since writing in [software] is quite delayed and it sometimes makes it difficult to read it in advance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to have techniques that interest the students more in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Every year there are many students who do not exist, and I think that the faculty should take into account that this course could change and check.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If the lessons have to record the students on site, it should be arranged during class time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good course to learn a lot of things, even teammates do not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the trainer is committed and explained the content in such a way that I am interested.IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If you want to have a workshop, try to use different tools to display the imageThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, has to read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I do not know how the content was taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] accent is difficult to understand, a lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the switch to other studies should be more useful (e.g. [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, which leads to the idea that it is a training session, but without knowing whether it is wrong or not, this can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to have techniques that interest the students more in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received many opinions in your class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
From the experience of researching the first five weeks of this course and fun in various workers overall, I like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I ask academic matters to provide the records so that the students can revise the material themselves.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class was on site.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Explain both the Thai and the English. Enjoying the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of consecutive studies, it's too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a course like [lessons].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want [the instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deciding to welcome courses on site and its appearance only during online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have never felt, surely, [the instructor] can have health problems but could have organized coursesOnline. To add an insult to the injury, [the instructor] expresses is not liked it to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, thereNothing else other than [the instructor] to read things on presentation slides, so how could we remain concentrated on what is literally there in the slide itself? although I likeNot to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, me and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really engaged in the [instructor] class, we have a lot ofOther things that are important to put with it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor gives descriptions and details in the very clear class subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for taught this property.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I also could not memorize the whole structure and find myself very difficult with the subject. However, one night, by my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the [lessons] of the lastSemester from the start by focusing on the functioning of [the subject]. I find it easier for me to study [courses] to know what and how the data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of consecutive studies, it's too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a course like [lessons].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the week of exams because we must rest and review the conference. We cannot therefore focus fully on the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. Children should study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during the course and ask the students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that the instructor should explain the content in more detail because I could not understand several parts of the conferences. In addition, I had trouble understanding the content in the slides because the connection between the subjects of the slidesis not clear and the explanation of several parts is complicated. Each slide has introduced a new subject, and I could not see the overall image of the subjects and how this slide is linked to the previous or the following.In addition, with regard to the explanations, the way the content is explained is quite confusing and gives a clear explanation of the content. Party parties were independent sentences difficult to connect with what the subject and the other parts of the'Explanation.I had to do external learning fairly extensive via several websites on the internet to understand several parts of the conferences because I could not understand the explanations provided in the slides. I would like the slides are better organized and theExplanations of the content, both in the slides and when the instructor explains the content, to be clearer and more easily understandable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He has not clearly attributed his duties, and he never adapted. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
1.2 hours of consecutive studies, it's too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a course like [lessons].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during the course and ask the students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Delete this subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ. Is very nice. You made us at ease to ask. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is the activity document, you must checkwhether [software] is the same as the scheme or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
The content at some point still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AT is very effective.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The professor received homework in class, so when I fall sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think that Jarn should use [the software] to send the homework. He does not make sense that theStudent must send homework without using [system] while in the online session, the student can send the duty with tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
According to the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course as and the pleasure in various works, it will be more fun if there is a base to use the program ([software]) before and there isA senior project that makes work that is not entirely creative. But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
AJ. Is very nice. You made us at ease to ask. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listen to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all mistakes because the teacher speaks quite slowly and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AT is very effective.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a kind person and maybe a good advisor, but he is not at all a good instructor because he cannot deliver knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Maybe he's good in teaching in Thai language, Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think that the transition to other studies should be more useful (such as [courses] etc.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Like showing child labor and comparing with other students, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too much workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We should not have this subject in our ability to useThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Hopes that the professor keeps this style indefinitely. I study a lot with the teacher, but I must repeat more knowledge than the othersThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases Project 2 very late, but it should be released in early November in the program. It's very short time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
As in the entry of the work of the instructor, the professor uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is good. Children should study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I don't want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please record conferences onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on unix -based devices, in particular with modern ARM processors, [software] only supports architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that takeNatively loads the X86_64 and Arm64 chipsets (perhaps those based on the web or written in Java), because the execution of Netica via emulation makes the program unstable and is blocked a lot (tested on x86_64 Suse Tumpedeed Etarm64 Windows,There are cases where my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible in the verification of attendance and rating courses.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen to.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
We should not have this subject in our ability to useThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral  .
In the part where I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly on competitive thought or the process before coding, as cutting the problem. However, I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I like you to taught as missions, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy from the book. See simplify and easy to learn for students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Hopes that the professor keeps this style indefinitely. I study a lot with the teacher, but I must repeat more knowledge than the othersThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy from the book. See simplify and easy to learn for students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more work as HW than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I didn't take the contents if you were going too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
1.2 hours of consecutive studies, it's too much for me to stay concentrated. I prefer 2 breaks during a course like [lessons].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [the instructor] listen to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content at some point still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The mid-term examination has a lot of calculation, I think that a calculator should be authorized because we are tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is the activity document, you must checkwhether [software] is the same as the scheme or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. This helps us a lot to understand each assignment more clearly. In addition, I see effort and dedication in teaching.merci.j 'hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more work as HW than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
That the teaching of the teacher is very well conducted because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak for the duration of the quizThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject during teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and the use of the whiteboard in teaching made the conference more difficult because the teacher wasA random location for writing and disorderly. Sa communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want [the instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Delete this subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the emphasis is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Could use the slide which does not contain a united color as a blue or black background because when the students must print the equipment for the examination, they are difficult to read or must print it using colored ink orcould give a slide in the format that we can modify for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the class because the instructor keeps the students committed and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has a wide knowledge on the subject and may well explain it.The more, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to seek more computer knowledge.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I want to know each score when I send my mission. So I can manage my note.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AT is very effective.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I don't want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that it was difficult to get a complete image of what's going on in the conference course. It would be better if the whole written class of the code together on the computer during the conference, then leave everythingThe world to make its own laboratory thereafter. This would give us a better understanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think students should chat in class and the teacher must use the microphone and the projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I always have a problem with the current classification system where the assignment, if the code is 100% and done by writing obtains 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code which makes it really difficult toThe student to do like, well, you know ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad but it is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you are the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time because of the English speech.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many missions in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Boring and unnecessary subject in fact indeedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of assignments is too much.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you affect the final before the final.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the course to be on site.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The problem with most students, including me at some point in the learning experience, is that they do not remember the [subject]. I could not memorize the whole structure and find meVery in difficulty with the subject. However, one night, by my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the [courses] equipment from the last semester from the start by focusing on the functioning of [the subject].I find it easier for me to study [courses] to know what and how the data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I suggest that laboratory learning or with computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the student's issue and the things wondering about the class have never been answered.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones are not able to scan at a certain distance or have another way to participateThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor gives descriptions and details in the very clear class subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Like showing child labor and comparing with other students, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt that it was difficult to get a complete image of what's going on in the conference course. It would be better if the whole written class of the code together on the computer during the conference, then leave everythingThe world to make its own laboratory thereafter. This would give us a better understanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everything is fantastic, except to use the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the comments in real time that [the instructor] gave during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This class is the least pleasant class of this semester. The weekly mission in my opinion is not Nessecary. The affecting of this class is too heavy, and it takes most of the time that I spent during thissemester of work for so few credits, without forgetting that the content is dispersed everywhere, with some overlap with computer networking and software engineering. I think this class has potential, but by the way, it is plannedRight now, there is too much non-care workload and too much content. Take this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content.I do not know how the content has taught. The duty to teach on teaching does not need to speak to each other.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many homework, every week ago.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Boring and unnecessary subject in fact indeedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For example, ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As in the entrance to the instructorthhe work, the professor uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
At the time of writing the time of writing, how to use other applications instead, such as [software], [software] etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delayed and sometimes makes it difficult to read.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopes that the teacher has techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Each year there are many students who fail this course. As a result, I think that the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If the class forces students to take the quiz on site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good course, learning a lot, even teammate does not work very well as planned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the class because the instructor keeps the students committed and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has a wide knowledge on the subject and may well explain it.The more, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to seek more computer knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content.I do not know how the content has taught. The duty to teach on teaching does not need to speak to each other.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The emphasis [of the instructor] is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think that the transition to other studies should be more useful (such as [courses] etc.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Duties that are without clear response, which has given the idea that it is a training but without knowing whether it is false or not, it can take advantage of it anyway.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students in relation to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Hopes that the teacher has techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
According to the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course as and the pleasure in various works, it will be more fun if there is a base to use the program ([software]) before and there isA senior project that makes work that is not entirely creative. But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I exhort academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students can revise the equipment by themselves.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the course to be on site.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He liked giving advice on how to improve our project, and taught me to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the method you taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please explain both Thailand and English.Cover the entire lesson.thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of continuous study is too much for me to concentrate.I prefer two breaks in a class like [Course].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want you to clearly talk about [Instructor]The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The fact that she decides to host an on -site class and she only appears in online conferences is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, and [Instructors] may have a health problem.Not, but it may be hosting online classes.In order to add S humiliation to the injury, [Instructor] does not listen to the Instructor, so many students have a disgust, but we have defense.What is the slide itself literally there?I don't want to say that [Instructor] is redundant and useless, but I and many other people share the same opinion that it is hardly valuable to actually engage in the Instructor class.But there are many other important things.Create.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Instructors make the explanation and details very clear in the class topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for telling me this.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Also, I couldn't memorize the whole structure, and I couldn't realize that I was very struggling with the theme.However, one night, through my compassion and one liter of coffee, I decided to fix the course from the previous semester to the [topic] mechanism from the first semester.I think it is easier to know how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 hours of continuous study is too much for me to concentrate.I prefer two breaks in a class like [Course].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project should not be assigned to students during the exam, as it is necessary to take a break from lectures and review it.Therefore, it cannot be completely focused on the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good.Children need to study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asks the students if they can do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many worksThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't understand some parts of the lecture, so I think the instructor needs to explain content in more detail.Also, the connection between topics in the slide was not clear, and some parts were complicated, so I had a hard time understanding the content in the slide.A new topic was introduced on each slide, and it was not possible to see the whole picture of the topic or how this slide was related to the previous or next slides.Regarding the explanation, the method of content is very confusing, providing a clear explanation of content.Some parts were difficult to connect to the contents and other parts of the topic and other parts.I couldn't understand the explanations provided by the slide, so I had to do very extensive external learning through some websites on the Internet to understand some parts of the lecture.I want to make the slides more appropriate, and when the slides and instructors explain the content, I want to make it clearer and easier to understand the content explanation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He did not clarify his homework, and he never adapted himself.I commented him on [Theme] on the same problem.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
1.2 hours of continuous study is too much for me to concentrate.I prefer two breaks in a class like [Course].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asks the students if they can do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AJ.Very good.You felt like asking us comfortably.thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Regarding 1.2, the link to the video opened during the class is a PDF file and can only see the image, so it is necessary to provide a link.The other is an activity documentation.You need to make sure that Software is the same as the outline.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I still teach and don't understand the content at a certain point.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The professor received homework in the class, so if he gets sick, he cannot send his homework properly.I think AJARN should send homework using [Software].In online sessions, it is meaningless that students have to send homework without using the System while students can send issues with tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course that can be enjoyed like this course with various works, it will be more fun if you have the basics before using the program ([Software]).。But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
I think the lessons are too difficult to absorb, but I will do my best to understand them!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
AJ.Very good.You felt like asking us comfortably.thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] really likes to listen to students and adapt to studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers have almost all mistakes because they are very soft and difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like instructors to understand that the learning method teaching by [Instructor] does not give most of the students a sufficient understanding of students.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a kind person and can be an excellent advisor, but he is not a good instructor because he cannot provide class knowledge to make students understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Maybe he should teach in Thai, Morethane explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think it should be more convenient to change to other research ([course], etc.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel too cruel and have inappropriate comments, such as showing my child's work and comparing with other students.There is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too many worksThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We should not have this theme for our teachers because it is uselessThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I hope the teacher keeps this style indefinitely.I often study with teachers, but I need to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AJARN will release Project 2 very late, but will be released in Sylavus in early November.It has little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Like the entry of the instructor's work, teachers use various boring tones and education.I feel that this course is worth studying so that students can participate in opinions or allow them to respond.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for telling us.I am really grateful.I hope you all!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is good.Children need to study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Record a lecture onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is difficult to install Software on UNIX -based devices.Especially with the latest arm processor, [Software] supports only X86_64 architectures.I think there are many alternatives that natively support both X86_64 and ARM64 chipset (probably written on Web -based or Java).Running NETICA via the emulation will result in an unstable program and a large crash (tested on X86_64 SUSE TUMBLEWEED, may not be able to install ARM64 Windows, M1 Macbook friends at all).The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher wants to be more flexible about checking and grading in attendance classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
We should not have this theme for our teachers because it is uselessThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral  .
If you didn't understand the coding, please tell this course more clearly about reducing problems with intense competition and processes before codeing.But I think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the method you taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to teach issues, please give us an example.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioner of the lab is very cold.When the box [course] and laptop are placed, the table will be wider than this.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Rather than copying from a book, change the method you taught.Make it easy and easier for students to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I hope the teacher keeps this style indefinitely.I often study with teachers, but I need to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Rather than copying from a book, change the method you taught.Make it easy and easier for students to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to do more work as HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It may be too fast to catch the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
1.2 hours of continuous study is too much for me to concentrate.I prefer two breaks in a class like [Course].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] really likes to listen to students and adapt to studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I still teach and don't understand the content at a certain point.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think it is too difficult to absorb lessons, but I will do my best to understand them!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There are many calculations in the middle exam.I think that it is necessary to allow a calculator because it is tested about the course skill, not the calculation skill.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Regarding 1.2, the link to the video opened during the class is a PDF file and can only see the image, so it is necessary to provide a link.The other is an activity documentation.You need to make sure that Software is the same as the outline.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like how to teach us very much, suggestions and explanations.It is very helpful for us to understand each issue more clearly.In addition, I am looking at efforts and dedication in education.thank you.See you in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to do more work as HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy too much time.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher's education was very good.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic while teaching, so we do not know the chapter often learned.And because the teacher was a random place that was confused and random, using a whiteboard in class made it difficult to lecture.I couldn't understand his communication.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want to talk clearly to [Instructor]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He liked giving advice on how to improve our project, and taught me to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the [instructor] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AJ has difficulty in printing using color ink if students have to print materials for the exam, so they can give slides using AJ, so the background of blue or black.Can you use a slide containing the solid body in a format that you can edit yourself?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I am enjoying the class because the instructor continues to engage the students and can explain the content in the way I am interested.Instructors also have a wide range of knowledge about this theme and can explain it well.We are also grateful that the instructor motivates us to find more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I want to know all the scores when sending the assignment.So I can manage my grades.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt it was difficult to fully understand what was going on in the lecture class.If the entire class wrote the code together on the computer during the lecture, it would be better if everyone let everyone do it.It will better understand what is going on to us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There are too many quizzesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Students need to discuss in the classroom, and teachers need to provide clear education using microphone and projector.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current grading system, but if it is done by code, I will get 100 % and write, but I will get 75 %, but students explain the really difficult source code.Not.... We are all really negligible children, and the lazy children do not read the source code, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are too many quizzesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for telling us.I am really grateful.I hope you all!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You can't follow a teacher from time to time for English speeches.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
In my opinion, too many issuesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Certainly boring, boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If there is too much work, the reason why the project is finally assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the lessons are too difficult to absorb, but I will do my best to understand them!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I hope the class is on -site.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
At the time of learning experience, most of the students, including me, are that they cannot remember the topic.Also, I couldn't memorize the whole structure, and I couldn't realize that I was very struggling with the theme.However, one night, through my compassion and one liter of coffee, I decided to fix the course from the previous semester to the [topic] mechanism from the first semester.It turns out that it is easier to know how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Learning on a lab or computer is always recommended for students to learn better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignored student questions and never answered about classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some phone calls cannot be scanned from a certain distance or cannot have another method for attendance, but let the students check the attendance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Instructors make the explanation and details very clear in the class topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel too cruel and have inappropriate comments, such as showing my child's work and comparing with other students.There is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt it was difficult to fully understand what was going on in the lecture class.If the entire class wrote the code together on the computer during the lecture, it would be better if everyone let everyone do it.It will better understand what is going on to us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everything is wonderful, except to use System for work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like the real -time feedback given by [Instructor] during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This class is the most enjoyable class for this semi -sweater.In my opinion, the weekly mission is not Nessecary.The assignment of this class is too heavy and most of the time spent during this semester.Needless to say, the content is scattered here and there, but it goes without saying that the computer networking and the software engineering overlap.I think this class is possible, but now it is planned, but there are too many unconscious workloads and too much content.Adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, needs to read almost 100 %.I do not understand the content at all.I don't know how the content is taught.Ironically, there is an association in a class that cannot be chased by teachers and has a reputation for leaving the room.If you have a duty to teach, you need to talk to each other.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is every week that there are too many homework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Certainly boring, boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Similarly, please ask for a quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like the entry of the instructor's work, teachers use various boring tones and education.I feel that this course is worth studying so that students can participate in opinions or allow them to respond.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
How to use other apps such as [Software] and [Software], such as [Software], is very late to write in [Software], and it is sometimes difficult to read, so read in advance.You can do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want my teacher to have a technique that students are more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There are many students who fail this course every year.Therefore, I think I should think that teachers can change this course and examine it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If the class requires students to take a quiz on the premises, they must be placed at class hours.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good courses, learning a lot, and even your teammates do not work as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I am enjoying the class because the instructor continues to engage the students and can explain the content in the way I am interested.Instructors also have a wide range of knowledge about this theme and can explain it well.We are also grateful that the instructor motivates us to find more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want a workshop, use various tools to display imagesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, needs to read almost 100 %.I do not understand the content at all.I don't know how the content is taught.Ironically, there is an association in a class that cannot be chased by teachers and has a reputation for leaving the room.If you have a duty to teach, you need to talk to each other.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] accents are difficult to understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think it should be more convenient to change to other research ([course], etc.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that does without a clear answer brings the idea that it is training, but doing it without knowing if it is wrong may benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want my teacher to have a technique that students are more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture is easy to understand after the instructor taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course that can be enjoyed like this course with various works, it will be more fun if you have the basics before using the program ([Software]).。But overall I really like this courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to concentrate on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although no recording is provided, it encourages students to provide recording so that students can correct their materials themselves.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I love how to teach us, I am grateful for it!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I hope the class is on -site.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like that the teacher has given us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the entire lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 Hours of consecutive study is too much to keep me focused. I prepare 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding organizing classes on the site and its only appearance in online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have felt, safe, [instructor] can have health problems, but could have housed online classes. To add an insult to theinjury, [the instructor] expresses aversion to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothing more than [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides, so how could we keep us focused on?What is literally there on the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really involved in class [of the instructor], we have many other things that are important paratratat with.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor gives descriptions and details on the very clear class themeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Nor could I memorize the entire structure and find myself very fighting with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to check the [course] material last semester from the beginning focusing on how it works [The subject]. Encounter that is easier for me to study [course] know what and how the data were sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
1.2 Hours of consecutive study is too much to keep me focused. I prepare 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project should not assign students during the exam week because we have to rest and review the conference. Then, we cannot focus completely on the project.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives a refreshment to rest during class and ask students whether they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many jobsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor should explain the content in more detail because I could not understand several parts of the conferences.It is complicated. Each slide introduced a new topic, and I could not see the general image of the issues and how this slide is related to the previous or next one.content is quite confusing and gives a clear explanation of the content. Various parts were independent sentences that were difficult to connect with what is treated and the other parts of the explanation. It has to make a quite extensive external learning through several sitesWeb on the Internet to understand several parts of the conferences because I could not understand the explanations provided in the slides. I would like the slides to organize better and the explanations of the content, both in the slides and when the instructor explains the content, it is clearerand more easily understandable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It was not clear to assign the task, and never adapted to himself. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
1.2 Hours of consecutive study is too much to keep me focused. I prepare 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a refreshment to rest during class and ask students whether they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Eliminate this topicThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. It is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For 1.2, I think you must provide the link to the video that opened during the class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is that the activity document must verify [the software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
The content at some point continues to teach and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ta is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher received the task in class, so when I get sick I can not send the task correctly.While in the online session, the student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this sensation of course and fun in several jobs, but it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([software]) before and there is a senior project that makes work notcompletely creative. But I usually like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive.
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do everything possible to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj. It is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listens to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to verify the name.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all mistakes because the teacher speaks very softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Ta is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good advisor, however, he is not a good instructor at all, since he cannot deliver knowledge in the class for the student to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Perhaps it is good in Thai language teaching that Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think changing other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How to show children's work and compare with other students, too, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending it.I can't handle time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too many jobsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We should not have this issue in our faculty of its uselessness.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to maintain this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher, but I have to repeat more knowledge than others.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Lanjan launches project 2 too late, but must be launched in early November in the curriculum. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
As at the entrance of the instruction master work, it uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.I feel it is worth studying this course, as well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have a reactionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm really grateful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please record online conferencesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on UNIX -based devices, especially with modern arm processors, [software] only admits the architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that natively admit both x86_64 and ARM64 (maybe those thatThey are based on the web or written in Java), since executing netica through the emulation of the Windows, there are cases in which my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like teachers to be more flexible to verify assistance and qualification classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
We should not have this issue in our faculty of its uselessness.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral  .
In the part in which I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, how to cut the problem. However, I also believe that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy of the book. It is simplified and easy for students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like the teacher to maintain this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher, but I have to repeat more knowledge than others.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy of the book. It is simplified and easy for students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like to have more work like HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I didn't capture the content if you were too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
1.2 Hours of consecutive study is too much to keep me focused. I prepare 2 breaks during a class like [course].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [the instructor] listens to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content at some point continues to teach and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do everything possible to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The mid -period exam has many calculations, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you must provide the link to the video that opened during the class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is that the activity document must verify [the software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like the way you teach us a lot, as well as suggestions and descriptions. That helps us a lot to understand each task more clearly. In addition, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have more work like HW than the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
That the teacher's teaching is very well led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Case should not speak during the trial timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject while teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and wearing a blackboard in the teaching made it more difficult to give a conference because the teacher was a random location to write and mess. His communication tooIt was incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like that the teacher has given us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Eliminate this topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as the blue or black backThey give the slide? In the format that we can edit for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps students committed and can explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has extensive knowledge about the subject and can explain it well.More knowledge of you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I want to know each score when I send my homework. Then, I can administer my qualification.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ta is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I felt that it is difficult to get a complete image of what is happening in the conferencesunderstanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Try too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in the classroom and the teacher must use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current qualification system where the task, if done by code, is obtained 100% and is done writing 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code that really makes it difficult to do as,Well, you know, you know ... we are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Try too muchThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm really grateful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time due to the English speech.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many tasks in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
subject in fact boring and uselessThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The number of tasks is too much.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign the project before the final.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do everything possible to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Hopefully the class is on the site.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The problem with most students, including at some point in the learning experience, is that they cannot remember the [topic].Through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decidedThey sent the data from each layer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the question of the students and the things they are doing regarding the class were never answered.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that tasks should be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Let students have assistance controls, while some phones are not able to scan from a certain distance or have another form of assistanceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor gives descriptions and details on the very clear class themeThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How to show children's work and compare with other students, too, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending it.I can't handle time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt that it is difficult to get a complete image of what is happening in the conferencesunderstanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everything is fantastic except for using [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like comments in real time that [Instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This class is the least pleasant class in this semester. The weekly task in my opinion is not nessecary. The task of this class is too heavy, and occupies most of the time that I have spent in this semester. So much work for so few credits, not to mention that the content is scattered everywhere, with some overlays with computer networks and software engineering.content. Please adjust this class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, he must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content. It has the duty to teach about teaching does not need to speak with each other.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 am)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many tasks are every week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
subject in fact boring and uselessThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please request the questionnaire at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As at the entrance of the instruction master work, it uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.I feel it is worth studying this course, as well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have a reactionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
At the time of writing, how to use other applications, such as [software], [software], etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes reading difficult.Thanks in advance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are many students every year that this course fails. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If the class requires that students take the questionnaire on the site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good course, learning many things, even your teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps students committed and can explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has extensive knowledge about the subject and can explain it well.More knowledge of you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use several tools to see the image.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, he must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content. It has the duty to teach about the teaching of the need to speak with each other.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wait for those lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The [instructor] accent is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think changing other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The task that is done without a clear answer, which results in the idea that it is a training, but without knowing if it is wrong or not, it can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The conference is easy to understand after the instructor has taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this sensation of course and fun in several jobs, but it will be more fun if there is a basis for using the program ([software]) before and there is a senior project that makes work notcompletely creative. But I usually like this course very muchThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students so that they learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I want to concentrate morein the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Recording is not provided, but urges academic issues to provide recordings so that students can review the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Hopefully the class is on the site.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning many things, even teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance classes and grading.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, resulting in the idea that it is a trainingBut doing without knowing whether it is wrong or not, it may be benefited anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He didn’t clear to assign homework, and he never adapt himself. i commented he in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of workBut gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quiz timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that having some short breaks during 3 hours class would not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment cuz in real world, we use [library], [library] not necessary to do recursive or anything like that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project shouldn't assign to students during examination week because we have to rest and review the lecture. So, we cannot fully focus on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point is still teaching and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] attended me very cordially and professionally every time I did request [instructor] assistanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm truly grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us very much, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us very much to understand each assignment more clearly. Additionally, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you. I hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many assignments in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Do not want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher doesn’t have responsibility to prepare slide because we waste time for this 1 hr from 1hr 30min. [instructor] didn’t clearly speak in class. i don’t understand anything that he want until i think i weak english skill but when i study in extra class, i will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture slides content is sometimes having too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as blue or black background because when students have to print the material for the examination, they are difficult to read or have to print it using color ink or Could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can edit by ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class. Every class may be more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course to learn a lot of things, even teammates do not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install [software] on Unix -based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the X86_64 Architecture.cannot install).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Remove this topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of tasks is pretty too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The intermediate examination has a large calculation.I think a calculator should be permissible because we are tested on our [courses] skills and not for our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us to understand every task more clearly.See us in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for the use of the [system] to work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture sled content sometimes has too many content for digestion of students, but still appreciated that this course with [trainer] and [trainer] study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly think about writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this topic in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't follow the teacher from time to time because of English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every mistake because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... the real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want teachers to be more flexible if they check attendance courses and evaluate the classification.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He was not clear to assign homework, and he never adapted to him. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of work, but there is very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that is done without a clear answer, which leads to the idea that it is a training session, but without knowing whether it is wrong or not, this can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the exam week because we have to rest and check the lecture, so we cannot fully concentrate on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of homework should also give an answer and also check homework.If the test has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Indeed, boring and useless topicThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] accent is difficult to understand, a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... The real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very nice and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He was not clear to assign homework, and he never adapted to him. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order a lot of work, but there is very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you beautiful !!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please draw lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.If the table is wider when placing the box and the laptop, it is further.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn shouldn't speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn what is really [course], I only have the meaning of each semester and don't get feedback from the submitted task, I have learned almost nothing and the trainer does not seem to worry about how the students feel about themBecome no changes compared to the previous comments.No criminal offense of instructors, but not many people are interested in the class for me, and the class visit was miserable. Please try a little bit on a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how we improve our projects and taught ourselves to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Do not change the way you have taught from the book. Make it simplified and easy to learn to the student.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always learns learning better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that a few short breaks would not affect the river of the class during the 3 -hour lessons, so I would like to suggest that students take some breaks during the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment because we are not necessary in the real world [library] [library] to do recursive or the like.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to draw attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
As when the teacher's work occurs, the teacher uses a variety of boring tones and lessons.I have the feeling that this course is worth studying and enabling the students to be able to participate or react in the opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the exam week because we have to rest and check the lecture, so we cannot fully concentrate on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] visited me very warmly and professionally every time I applied for support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignore the question of the student and the things that were asked about the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2 I think that you provide the link to the video that you have opened during the class because it is PDF files and we can only see the picture. Another thing is the activity document.You should check whether [software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The job details are not clear.There is almost every discrepancy because the teacher speaks quite quietly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] visited me very warmly and professionally every time I applied for support.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you all the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teaching skills, really take care of studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. That helps us to understand every task more clearly.See us in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [software], [software] etc., since writing in [software] is quite delayed and it sometimes makes it difficult to read it in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this [trainer] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more than time, work a lot during the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the film that does not contain a fixed color such as blue or black background, because if the students have to print the material for the exam, they are difficult to read or have to print it with color ink ink or please give the film to the format,that we can edit ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during class and asks the students whether he can or not.The master takes care of it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In my opinion too many tasksThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't want to organize a message eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher has no responsibility for the preparation of the film, since we waste time for this 1 hour of 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything until I think I think English skillsBut if I learn in the additional class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lecture sled content sometimes has too many content for the digestion of students, but still appreciated that this course with [trainer] and [trainer] study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [topic] sent too much of that nightThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could get the film in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could AJ use the film that does not contain a fixed color such as blue or black background, because if the students have to print the material for the exam, they are difficult to read or have to print it with color ink ink or please give the film to the format,that we can edit ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers because you have read our work in front of Q@& A session so that you can give good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
For example, ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning a lot, even teammate does not work very well as planned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install [software] on unix -based devices, in particular with modern ARM processors, [software] only supports architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that takeNatively loads the X86_64 and Arm64 chipsets (perhaps those based on the web or written in Java), because the execution of Netica via emulation makes the program unstable and is blocked a lot (tested on x86_64 Suse Tumpedeed Etarm64 Windows,There are cases where my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Delete this subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of assignments is too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The mid-term examination has a lot of calculation, I think that a calculator should be authorized because we are tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. This helps us a lot to understand each assignment more clearly. In addition, I see effort and dedication in teaching.merci.j 'hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I think of the weakness of English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic, except to use the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of conference slides sometimes has too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [the instructor] and [the instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this subject in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time because of the English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all mistakes because the teacher speaks quite slowly and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all the gaps because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the comments in real time that [the instructor] gave during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible in the verification of attendance and rating courses.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He has not clearly attributed his duties, and he never adapted. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Duties that are without clear response, which has given the idea that it is a training but without knowing whether it is false or not, it can take advantage of it anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the week of exams because we must rest and review the conference. We cannot therefore focus fully on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many homework should be a response and check the homework.When the exam has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Boring and unnecessary subject in fact indeedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The emphasis [of the instructor] is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He has not clearly attributed his duties, and he never adapted. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I think of the weakness of English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait until we give the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please record conferences onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak for the duration of the quizThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn what is really [lessons], I only have the meaning of each term and I do not get any comments from the submissive mission, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor does not seem to beSquare what students feel about it because I see no change in relation to the previous comments.No instructor, but as far as I am concerned, few people are interested in the class, and the frequentation of the class has been appalling. Awhat a little bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the fact that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way you taught, not copy from the book. See simplify and easy to learn for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [the instructor] to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest that laboratory learning or with computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that having short breaks during the 3 -hour lessons would not harm the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students to breaks during lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [the library], [the library] not necessary to make recursive or something like that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
As in the entrance to the instructorthhe work, the professor uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not assign the students during the week of exams because we must rest and review the conference. We cannot therefore focus fully on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point still teaches and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[The instructor] assisted me very cordially and professional each time I asked for assistance [instructing]The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the student's issue and the things wondering about the class have never been answered.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is the activity document, you must checkwhether [software] is the same as the scheme or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work details are not clear.There are almost all the gaps because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] assisted me very cordially and professional each time I asked for assistance [instructing]The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I am really grateful. I hope you are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good. Children should study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the way you teach us a lot, as well as the suggestions and descriptions. This helps us a lot to understand each assignment more clearly. In addition, I see effort and dedication in teaching.merci.j 'hope to see you next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing the time of writing, how to use other applications instead, such as [software], [software] etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delayed and sometimes makes it difficult to read.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced with less time to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the emphasis is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teach more time, work during the exam, manyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could use the slide that does not contain united color as a blue or black background because when students must print the equipment for the exam, they are difficult to read or must print it using the ink ofColor or could AJ please give the slide in the format that we can modify for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like you to taught as missions, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during the course and ask the students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many missions in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't want to have a news eventThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility to prepare the slideshow, because we waste time for this hour of 30 hours of 30 minutes. [The instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand that he wants until'To what I think I am weak in English, but when I study in additional class, I will know it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content of conference slides sometimes has too much content for students to digest, but still appreciated studying this course with [the instructor] and [the instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Subject] sent by this night too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for taught this property.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall, it's excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Could use the slide which does not contain a united color as a blue or black background because when the students must print the equipment for the examination, they are difficult to read or must print it using colored ink orcould give a slide in the format that we can modify for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers because they read our work before Q @ & a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Similarly, please ask for a quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good courses, learning a lot, and even your teammates do not work as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install Software on UNIX -based devices.Especially with the latest arm processor, [Software] supports only X86_64 architectures.I think there are many alternatives that natively support both X86_64 and ARM64 chipset (probably written on Web -based or Java).Running NETICA via the emulation will result in an unstable program and a large crash (tested on X86_64 SUSE TUMBLEWEED, may not be able to install ARM64 Windows, M1 Macbook friends at all).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are many calculations in the middle exam.I think that it is necessary to allow a calculator because it is tested about the course skill, not the calculation skill.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like how to teach us very much, suggestions and explanations.It is very helpful for us to understand each issue more clearly.In addition, I am looking at efforts and dedication in education.thank you.See you in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
A wonderful teacher is very compassionate and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is wonderful, except to use System for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Lecture slide content may have too many content for students to digest, but I am grateful to study this course with Instructors and Instructors.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this theme for our teachers because it is uselessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You can't follow a teacher from time to time for English speeches.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers have almost all mistakes because they are very soft and difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers are very soft and difficult to listen to, so there are almost all contradictions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities remind you of us ... true success is not in LEATNING, but the application of real life (imagination with imagination).-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like the real -time feedback given by [Instructor] during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A wonderful teacher, very compassion and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher wants to be more flexible about checking and grading in attendance classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Understand that the instructor teaches most students in the instructor that the learning method teaches is not fully understood.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He did not clarify his homework, and he never adapted himself.I commented him on [Theme] on the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to focus more on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It takes almost no time to order a lot of workbatsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent educational skills really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework that does without a clear answer brings the idea that it is training, but doing it without knowing if it is wrong may benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not be assigned to students during the exam, as it is necessary to take a break from lectures and review it.Therefore, it cannot be completely focused on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many homework is the answer, and you need to check your homework.If there is no seat in the exam, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Certainly boring, boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] accents are difficult to understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities remind you of us ... true success is not in LEATNING, but the application of real life (imagination with imagination).-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Excellent educational skills, I really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You are very kind and I really like your educational style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He did not clarify his homework, and he never adapted himself.I commented him on [Theme] on the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the method you taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Most of the time to order a lot of workbats is hardly given to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy that time is too low.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for telling us.I am really grateful.I hope you all!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Record a lecture onlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioner of the lab is very cold.When the box [course] and laptop are placed, the table will be wider than this.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should not speak during the quizThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learn what "course" is, I have only the meaning of each semester, I can't get feedback from the submitted task, I hardly learn anything, andThe instructor doesn't seem to care how the students feel about her. I can't see any changes from my previous comments.There is no crime to the instructor, but as far as I can, many people are interested in classes, and the class attendees were terrible.Try a little spice next year.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love how to teach us, I am grateful for it!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still teach and don't understand the content at a certain point.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He liked giving advice on how to improve our project, and taught me to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Rather than copying from a book, change the method you taught.Make it easy and easier for students to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want you to clearly talk about [Instructor]The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Learning on a lab or computer is always recommended for students to learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Even if you take a short break in a 3 -hour class, you will not hurt the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest that students take a break during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If you change the real world allocation CUZ, you do not need to use Library or Library to recursive or do that.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like the entry of the instructor's work, teachers use various boring tones and education.I feel that this course is worth studying so that students can participate in opinions or allow them to respond.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not be assigned to students during the exam, as it is necessary to take a break from lectures and review it.Therefore, it cannot be completely focused on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I still teach and don't understand the content at a certain point.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] Every time I requested the [instructor] support, I was very caring and attending me professionally.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors often ignored student questions and never answered about classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Regarding 1.2, the link to the video opened during the class is a PDF file and can only see the image, so it is necessary to provide a link.The other is an activity documentation.You need to make sure that Software is the same as the outline.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The details of the job are not clear.Teachers are very soft and difficult to listen to, so there are almost all contradictions.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] Every time I requested the [instructor] support, I was very caring and attending me professionally.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for telling us.I am really grateful.I hope you all!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good.Children need to study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent educational skills really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like how to teach us very much, suggestions and explanations.It is very helpful for us to understand each issue more clearly.In addition, I am looking at efforts and dedication in education.thank you.See you in the next semester!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
How to use other apps such as [Software] and [Software], such as [Software], is very late to write in [Software], and it is sometimes difficult to read, so read in advance.You can do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think it is difficult to understand the [instructor] accentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Please teach more than time and work during the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from the preparation of individual assignments +quiz +glupplies +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ has difficulty in printing using color ink if students have to print materials for the exam, so they can give slides using AJ, so the background of blue or black.Can you use a slide containing the solid body in a format that you can edit yourself?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from the preparation of individual assignments +quiz +glupplies +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to teach issues, please give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asks the students if they can do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In my opinion, too many issuesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to concentrate on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teachers have no responsibility to prepare for slides because they are wasting this hour from 1 hour and 30 minutes.[Instructor] did not speak clearly in the class.I don't understand what he wants until I think my English skills are weak, but when I study in extra classes, I know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Lecture slide content may have too many content for students to digest, but I am grateful to study this course with Instructors and Instructors.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] It is sent too much by that nightThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for telling me this.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall it is good, but it would be nice if you could receive slides in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ has difficulty in printing using color ink if students have to print materials for the exam, so they can give slides using AJ, so the background of blue or black.Can you use a slide containing the solid body in a format that you can edit yourself?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers BC because they read our work before Q@& A sessions, they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please request the questionnaire at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Good course, learning many things, even your teammate does not work very well as expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It is difficult to install [software] on UNIX -based devices, especially with modern arm processors, [software] only admits the architecture x86_64.They are based on the web or writings in Java), since executing netica through the emulation of the Windows, there are cases in which my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Eliminate this topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The number of tasks is too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The mid -period exam has many calculations, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the way you teach us a lot, as well as suggestions and descriptions. That helps us a lot to understand each task more clearly. In addition, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everything is fantastic except for using [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the conference slides is sometimes to have too much content for students to digest, but it is still appreciated to study this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and think quickly write on the board to get an additional knit score, so it must be given to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We should not have this issue in our faculty of its uselessness.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time due to the English speech.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all mistakes because the teacher speaks very softly and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all discrepancies because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, like the motto of our university it reminds us ..., real success does not lies in leatning, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I like comments in real time that [Instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like teachers to be more flexible to verify assistance and qualification classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It was not clear to assign the task, and never adapted to himself. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students so that they learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I want to concentrate morein the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work, but it gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The task that is done without a clear response, which results in the idea that it is a training, but without knowing if it is wrong or not, it can benefit anyway.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project should not assign students during the exam week because we have to rest and review the conference. Then, we cannot focus completely on the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A lot of task must be an answer and verify the task too.When the exam has no sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time it gives the task and, [instructor] answers my question in the email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
subject in fact boring and uselessThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The [instructor] accent is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Wait for those lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, as our university motto reminds us ..., real success does not lies in the leaters, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It was not clear to assign the task, and never adapted to himself. I commented in [subject] in the same problem.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Order a lot of work, but it gives very little time to workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral  .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm really grateful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to verify the name.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Please record online conferencesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Case should not speak during the trial timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I rarely learned about what [the course] is really, I only obtained the meaning of each term and does not receive any comments from the task sent, I have not learned almost anything and the instructor seems that I do not care how the students will feel because Ellano I see anyChange of previous comments.There is no crime to any instructor, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in class, and class assistance has been abysmal. I intendant to season a little next year, please.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content at some point continues to teach and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher has given us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way you taught, not copy of the book. It is simplified and easy for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that the tasks must be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think having some short breaks during the 3 hours of class would not damage the flow of the class, so I would like to suggest allowing students for some breaks during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please wait for those to whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Change the assignment because in the real world, we use [library], [library] is not necessary to make recursive or something.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(He is such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 a.m.)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
As at the entrance of the instruction master work, it uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.I feel it is worth studying this course, as well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have a reactionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The project should not assign students during the exam week because we have to rest and review the conference. Then, we cannot focus completely on the project.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
The content at some point continues to teach and does not understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] I was very cordially and professionally every time I requested assistance [instructor]The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forget the task.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the question of the students and the things they are doing regarding the class were never answered.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I think you must provide the link to the video that opened during the class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. It is a thing that the activity document must verify [the software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The details of the work are not clear.There are almost all discrepancies because the teacher speaks quite gently and is difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] I was very cordially and professionally every time I requested assistance [instructor]The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for teaching us and giving us advice. I'm really grateful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent teaching skills, they really care about studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the way you teach us a lot, as well as suggestions and descriptions. That helps us a lot to understand each task more clearly. In addition, I see the effort and dedication in teaching. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other applications, such as [software], [software], etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes reading difficult.Thanks in advance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the [instructor] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as the blue or black backThey give the slide? In the format that we can edit for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher gives a refreshment to rest during class and ask students whether they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many tasks in my opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students to learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life.in the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher does not have the responsibility of preparing the slide because we lose the time for this 1 hour from 1 hour of 30 minutes. [Instructor] did not speak clearly in class. I don't understand anything what he wants until he thinks that I must weak the skillFrom English, but when I study in extra class, I will know.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content of the conference slides is sometimes to have too much content for students to digest, but it is still appreciated to study this course with [instructor] and [instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forget the task.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In general, it is excellent, but it would be better if we could receive the slide in the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(He is such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 a.m.)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Could AJ use the slide that does not contain a solid color such as the blue or black backThey give the slide? In the format that we can edit for ourselves?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I love teachers because they have read our work before Q@& a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during the class because they are pdf files and we can see only the image. Another thing is the activity document, you should check [software] is same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is simply too much. Having individual assignment every week on top of gorup assignment, every week, is simply just too much considering this term's subjects. Individual homework often consist of having to list the meaning of this amount of words which in my opinion, didn't help me gain knowledge and certainly not [course] knowledge. The assigments or project requirement are sometimes unreasonable. Having the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as phase one is just simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile and yet they still expect us to deliver the same amount of pages as phase one. I also have issues with the questions in midterm exam. I can't simply cannot make sense of some of the question they decided to ask us. Why would having us list the tasks of team prject member and rate them test my knowledge of [course]. How would letting us give meaning to some words in an open-book exam benefit us when we do jobs in the future. It also took me almost all of this semester time to just find the meaning and importance of [course] and it's not by the class or exam or project but simply by my own research. Also we do we need to do executive summary and summary to every group assignment when sometimes the content is just half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think that [instructor] accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps the students engaged and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has broad knowledge on the subject and can explain it well. Also, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to search for more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Such as showing children's work and comparing with other studentsAlso, there is no confusion in order to change the Instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Told me to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teacherTeaching media is quite bad.Slide each week, switch back and forth without proportion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I was also not able to memorize the whole structure and find myself very struggling with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the material from [course]  from last semester from the beginning focusing on how [topic] works. I find that it is easier for me to study [course] knowing what and how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to check the name.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students each year that fail this course. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
great teacher, very caring and respectful. unfortunately the classes are usually at the evening of the day. on the other hand, the workloads on other subjects redusce the time we can spend with the study buddies and self-learning significantlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's difficult install [software] on Unix based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the x86_64 architecture. I think there are plenty of alternatives that natively support both x86_64 and arm64 chipsets (maybe the ones that are web based or written in java), as running Netica through emulation causes the program to be unstable and crashes alot (Tested on x86_64 Suse Tumbleweed and arm64 Windows, there are cases where my friends with m1 macbooks aren't able to install at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very on time and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Remove this subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Assignments’s Deadline too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun subject to study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as [Course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult expecially the last part. I think there should be some adjustment to the cirriculum and maybe exclue some topic. Some topics are too complicated to be taught in an entry level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know every score when I send my assignment. So, I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Would like the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher a lot, but have to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
Want the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it's quite hard to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for us to lecture the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too hard for me to absorb, however, I will try my best to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
recessively boring and useless subject indeedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those whom lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in Lab or w/ computer, always help students learns better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not think that this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Like, please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt like it's hard to get full picture of what's going on in the lecture class. It'd be better if the entire class is writing code together on the computer during lecture, then let everyone do their own lab afterward. That'd give us better understanding of what's going on.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Quiz too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. The children should study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the method of learning which [instructor] teach is not give student enough understanding for most of student in the class. Even thought some student can implement the project as the requirement, it is because he/she have to seek more knowledge outside the class as instructor may have to consider why most of the student in the class cannot reach the requirement of the project, why they cannot delivered the project which using only the knowledge they learned in the class should be enough. As a result, I would love to let the instructor and faculty know that [instructor] is a kind, good person, and [instructor] can give a good advise with a good intention, but sometime it required morethan that to make the good class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work during the exam, a lotThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like in the entry of the work of the instructorThe teacher uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.Makes me feel that this course is worth studyingAs well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have reactionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz is checking the name.And give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Projects are challenging, it will be more enjoyable if we have more time to do it. Regretted not doing the coding for assignmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
maybe he is good in teaching in Thai language morethan explains things in english.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] accent is hard to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Midterm exam has a lot of calculation, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage multiple weekly assignments from this class Individual Assignment + Quiz + Group Report + Group Project and Presentation Preparation. Please don't forget we have to do group projects and reports for other subjects, which have deadlines as well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content if you went too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the instructor to be highly skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self-learning is definitely required if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2 I think that you provide the link to the video that you have opened during the class because it is PDF files and we can only see the picture. Another thing is the activity document.You should check whether [software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is simply too much. The individual task every week in addition to Gorup, every week is simply too much if you obtain the topics of this term.In the opinion of the opinion, the requirements or project requirements are sometimes inappropriate. The same minimum requirement on pages 2 of the project such as phase 1 is sometimes inappropriate and in the worst case.Phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 by a mile, and yet we still expect the same amount of pages as the first phase. I also have problems with the questions in the intermediate test.that you have decided to put us. Why should we list the tasks of the Team PRJect member and evaluate you if we test my knowledge of [course]? How would we give us some words in an open book examinationif we do jobs in the future? It also took me almost all the time to find the importance and importance of [course], and it is not because of the class, the test or the project, but only through mineour own research.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think this [trainer] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class. Every class may be more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the trainer is committed and explained the content in such a way that I am interested.IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please draw lectures onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Do not share me to ask a friend who believes that it is the duty of the teacher media.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline for sending work is pretty quick at some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Do not share me to ask a friend who believes that it is the duty of the teacher media.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How the work of children and compared to other student injuries does not give confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [topic] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to know every number of points when I send my task. So I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly think about writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
If there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.I can have a friend who believes that it was the duty of the teacher reading media.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Cover the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I was also unable to memorize the whole structure and struggle with the topic very much. However, I decided one at night through my sympathy and a coffee liter to revise the material from the beginning and from the last semester andTo concentrate on how [topic] works. I think that it is easier for me to know what and how data has been sent from every layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you beautiful !!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during class and asks the students whether he can or not.The master takes care of it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... the real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Every year there are many students who do not exist, and I think that the faculty should take into account that this course could change and check.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with the current evaluation system in which the assignment, when it is made with code, receives 100% and is done by letter of 75%.However, there is no explanation of the source code ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children don't read a source code that is bad, but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on Unix -based devices, especially with the modern ARM processors, [software] only supports the X86_64 Architecture.cannot install).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly think about writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabulary are useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility via hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you want to have a workshop, try to use different tools to display the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very punctual and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Remove this topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Professor received homework in class.If I get sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think Ajarn should use [software] to send homework. It does not make sense that the student has to send homework without using [system] whilethe student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline of the tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn publishes the project 2 very late, but it should be published in the curriculum at the beginning of November. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An entertaining study with an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the switch to other studies should be more useful (e.g. [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult in the last part. I think there should be an adaptation to the Kirikulum and perhaps exclude a topic. In my opinion, there are too complicated in my opinion to be taught in an entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like to know every number of points when I send my task. So I can manage my grade.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] is a very good teacher for me. [Trainer] always give a clear feedback for my work. [Trainer] Answer the massage very quickly, which helps me to do the task smoothly. I am so happy in[Trainer] class.??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I want the teacher to keep this style indefinitely. I am learning a lot with the teacher, but has to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a bit too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
Wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see that Ajarn is trying to understand the students and also wait for us to teach the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I can't understand what the teacher has taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too heavy for me to absorb.However, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
Indeed, boring and useless topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this I suggest that the trainer integrates some tactics for the students in order to memorize all [topic], [topic] and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Perhaps he is good at teaching in the Thai language.Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the lessons have to record the students on site, it should be arranged during class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those who lack understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The decision to host courses on site and appear in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I've ever felt.[Instructor] may have health problems, but could have hosted online courses. In addition to insulting the injury, adding [trainer] many students do not like to like because nobody lists [instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothingOther than [instructor] you only read things on the presentation films.How can we concentrate on it. What is literally right there in the film itself? Although I don't like to say that [instructors] is superfluous and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing valuable, really in[Trainer] class to be busy, but we have many other things that are important that are important that are important that are important, which are important, which are important, that are important.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we quiz when the lessons begin better than we simply go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take about 2 hours to get from my home to the faculty.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good consultant, but he is not a good instructor at all because he cannot convey the knowledge in the class to let the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always learns learning better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I had the feeling that it was difficult to take the full picture of what was going on in lecture lessons. It would be better if the entire class wrote code on the computer during the lecture and then all had your own laboratory done.That would understand us better what's going on.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [topic] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Cover the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I usually can't get to take the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign a project before the final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Thank you for having [instructors] as our consultant. [Trainer] is really a beautiful mentor. [Trainer] gave us many effective and selective comments so that we can understand and improve in a not too stressful atmosphere.Very, thanks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility via hybrid classes (online+onsite)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time for the quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the instructor to understand that the method of learning that teach [trainer] does not give the student enough for most of the student in the class. A student can implement the project as a prerequisite because itMust search more knowledge outside of the class, because the instructor may have to consider why the majority of the student can not deliver the project that only the knowledge you have learned in class.Faculty let know that [instructor] a friendly, good person and [instructor] can give good advice with good intentions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for having [instructors] as our consultant. [Trainer] is really a beautiful mentor. [Trainer] gave us many effective and selective comments so that we can understand and improve in a not too stressful atmosphere.Very, thanks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more than time, work a lot during the examinationThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As when the teacher's work occurs, the teacher uses a variety of boring tones and lessons.I have the feeling that this course is worth studying and enabling the students to be able to participate or react in the opinionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content when they went too quickly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name.And indicate a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Projects are a challenge, it will be more pleasant if we have more time for it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [trainers] hears students and adaptable and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love the way you teach us, I appreciate it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Perhaps he is good at teaching in the Thai language.Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Trainer] accent is difficult to understand, a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The intermediate examination has a large calculation.I think a calculator should be permissible because we are tested on our [courses] skills and not for our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us, several weekly assignments from this class of individual allocations + quiz + group report + group project and presentation preparation.have to carry out that also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't catch the content when they went too quickly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think that the trainer in this area is highly qualified, but it is difficult to understand what is taught. I have the feeling that self -learning is definitely necessary when you see this teacher lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you should provide the link to the video you opened during class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. Another thing is the activity document, you must checkwhether [software] is the same as the scheme or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is quite simply too much. To have an individual assignment each week in addition to the assignment of Gorup, each week, is simply too much given the subjects of this term. Individual duties often consist in having to list the meaning ofThis quantity of words which, in my opinion, did not help me to acquire knowledge and certainly not to [the course] knowledge. Adoptions or the requirements of the project are sometimes unreasonable.Phase 2 of the project that phase one is simply lazy on their part at best and malicious at worst, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 of a mile and yet they always expect us to deliverThe same quantity of pages as phase one. I also have problems with the mid-term questions of the exam. I can't just understand some of the questions they have decided to ask us.The tasks of the team member and evaluate them test my knowledge of [courses]. How we allow us to give meaning to certain words in an open notebook examination we will benefit when we do jobs in the future.Also need almost all of this semester to simply find the meaning and importance of [courses] and it is not by class or examination or project, but simply by my own research.Summary and a summary of each group assignment when sometimes the content is only half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the emphasis is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced with less time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the class because the instructor keeps the students committed and is able to explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has a wide knowledge on the subject and may well explain it.More, I appreciate that the instructor motivates us to seek more computer knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record conferences onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and waiting for us to do notes to give notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline in the shipment of work is fairly fast in certain events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.Like showing child labor and comparing with other students, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.I can't manage time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] more quickly. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [subject] than last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my mission. So I can manage my note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both the Thai and the English. Enjoying the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I also could not memorize the whole structure and find myself very difficult with the subject. However, one night, by my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to revise the [lessons] of the lastSemester from the start by focusing on the functioning of [the subject]. I find it easier for me to study [courses] to know what and how the data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when he rests during the course and ask the students if they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like you to taught as missions, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Each year there are many students who fail this course. As a result, I think that the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A great professor, very attentive and respectful. Fortunately, the lessons are generally the evening of the day. Another side, the workloads on other subjects reduce the time that we can spend with the friends of the study andConsiderate self-learningThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I always have a problem with the current classification system where the assignment, if the code is 100% and done by writing obtains 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code which makes it really difficult toThe student to do like, well, you know ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad but it is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on unix -based devices, in particular with modern ARM processors, [software] only supports architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that takeNatively loads the X86_64 and Arm64 chipsets (perhaps those based on the web or written in Java), because the execution of Netica via emulation makes the program unstable and is blocked a lot (tested on x86_64 Suse Tumpedeed Etarm64 Windows,There are cases where my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the student of ICTThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabs is useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility on hybrid courses (online + on site)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use various tools to see the imageThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very per hour and strict to the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Delete this subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The professor received homework in class, so when I fall sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think that Jarn should use [the software] to send the homework. He does not make sense that theStudent must send homework without using [system] while in the online session, the student can send the duty with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for assignments too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn releases Project 2 very late, but it should be released in early November in the program. It's very short time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have more work hw than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think that the transition to other studies should be more useful (such as [courses] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult especially the last part. I think that there should be an adjustment to the cirriculum and perhaps exclude a subject. Certain subjects are too complicated to be taught in an entry-level class in my opinion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my mission. So I can manage my note.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear comment for my work. [Instructor] answer the massage very quickly which helps me to do the mission gently. I am so happy to study inclass [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Hopes that the professor keeps this style indefinitely. I study a lot with the teacher, but I must repeat more knowledge than the othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and waiting for us to do notes to give notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
First of all, it's quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait until we give the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do my best to understand these things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
Boring and unnecessary subject in fact indeedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates certain tactics so that students memorize all [subject], [the subject] and [the subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Maybe he's good in teaching in Thai language, Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class forces students to take the quiz on site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Deciding to welcome courses on site and its appearance only during online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have never felt, surely, [the instructor] can have health problems but could have organized coursesOnline. To add an insult to the injury, [the instructor] expresses is not liked it to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, thereNothing else other than [the instructor] to read things on presentation slides, so how could we remain concentrated on what is literally there in the slide itself? although I likeNot to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, me and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really engaged in the [instructor] class, we have a lot ofOther things that are important to put with it.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think that we who when the class starts better than we go to the faculty to take 15 minutes from quiz because I take about 2 hours to come to the faculty of my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a kind person and maybe a good advisor, but he is not at all a good instructor because he cannot deliver knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that laboratory learning or with computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for the student of ICTThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For example, ask for the quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that it was difficult to get a complete image of what's going on in the conference course. It would be better if the whole written class of the code together on the computer during the conference, then leave everythingThe world to make its own laboratory thereafter. This would give us a better understanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] more quickly. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [subject] than last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both the Thai and the English. Enjoying the whole lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you affect the final before the final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Thank you very much for having [the instructor] as an advisor. [Instructor] is a really nice mentor. [The instructor] gave us a lot of effective comments and on the point so that we can understand ourselves and improve in an atmospherenot too stressful. appreciated so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please have more flexibility on hybrid courses (online + on site)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. Children should study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project. Tens than score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to make quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that [the instructor] teaches is not a sufficient understanding of the student for most of the students in the class. Even if some students could implement theproject as the requirement, it is because he must seek more knowledge outside the class, because the instructor may have to examine why most students in the class cannot reach the project requirement, whyIt is to deliver the project that the use only of the knowledge they have learned in the class should be sufficient. As a result, I would like to let the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a nice person, good, and [the instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but sometimes it took the creation of the right class to make the right class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [the instructor] as an advisor. [Instructor] is a really nice mentor. [The instructor] gave us a lot of effective comments and on the point so that we can understand ourselves and improve in an atmospherenot too stressful. appreciated so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teach more time, work during the exam, manyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As in the entrance to the instructorthhe work, the professor uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't take the contents if you were going too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Quiz checks the name and gives a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The projects are difficult, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do so.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listen to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Maybe he's good in teaching in Thai language, Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The emphasis [of the instructor] is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The mid-term examination has a lot of calculation, I think that a calculator should be authorized because we are tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quantity of duties allocated in this class is too much. It is unhealthy for us to manage several weekly assignments from this class individual assignment + quiz + group transfer + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we mustMake group projects and reports for other subjects, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't take the contents if you were going too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find that the instructor is highly qualified in this area. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I think that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this teaching of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Regarding 1.2, the link to the video opened during the class is a PDF file and can only see the image, so it is necessary to provide a link.The other is an activity documentation.You need to make sure that Software is the same as the outline.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are too many workloads.Every week, every week, individual allocation is too much, taking into account the theme of this term every week.In my opinion, individual homework is composed of the meaning of this amount of words that did not help gain knowledge.Assimilation or project requirements are sometimes unreasonable.Having the same minimum requirements on the pages of the project pages as a phase 1 is simply a negligible ZY in the highest state, and in the worst case, is malicious, so the project phase 2 is 1 than phase 1.Although the mileage decreases, the United States is still expected to distribute the same amount of pages as phase 1.There is also a problem with the interim exam questions.We cannot simply understand some of the questions they have decided to ask.Why do we list the team's PRJECT members' tasks and evaluate our knowledge of [Course]?When working in the future, it is possible to make a profit to some words in the open book test.Also, over all of the time in this semester, just find the meaning and importance of the course, it is not a class, exam or project, but simply my own research.Also, if the content is on half the page, you need to execute executive summary and summary for all group allocation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think the [instructor] accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach more interestinglyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think the task needs to be reduced over a long time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I am enjoying the class because the instructor continues to engage the students and can explain the content in the way I am interested.Instructors also have a wide range of knowledge about this theme and can explain it well.We are also grateful that the instructor motivates us to find more IT knowledge.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Record a lecture onlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
For some events, the deadline for sending the work is very fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy too much time.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and have inappropriate comments, such as showing my child's work and comparing with other students.There is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [topics] last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.Also, I thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know all the scores when sending the assignment.So I can manage my grades.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
If you have a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me to ask a friend who felt it was the duty of TeachTeaching Media To ask me to ask me to ask me to ask me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please explain both Thailand and English.Cover the entire lesson.thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Also, I couldn't memorize the whole structure, and I couldn't realize that I was very struggling with the theme.However, one night, through my compassion and one liter of coffee, I decided to fix the course from the previous semester to the [topic] mechanism from the first semester.It turns out that it is easier to know how data was sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Assignment can actually be meaningless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asks the students if they can do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like to teach issues, please give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities are reminiscent of us ... true success is not a snack but in the reality of the reality (imagination with imagination.-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students who fail this course every year.Therefore, I think I should think that teachers can change this course and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A wonderful teacher, very compassion and respects.Unfortunately, the class is usually the evening of that day.On the other hand, the workload of other subjects re -reverses the time to spend a lot of time with research colleagues and self -learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with the current grading system, but if it is done by code, I will get 100 % and write, but I will get 75 %, but students explain the really difficult source code.Not.... We are all really negligible children, and the lazy children do not read the source code, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Assignment may not really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It is difficult to install Software on UNIX -based devices.Especially with the latest arm processor, [Software] supports only X86_64 architectures.I think there are many alternatives that natively support both X86_64 and ARM64 chipset (probably written on Web -based or Java).Running NETICA via the emulation will result in an unstable program and a large crash (tested on X86_64 SUSE TUMBLEWEED, may not be able to install ARM64 Windows, M1 Macbook friends at all).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Finding terms and vocabulary is useless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be more flexible about hybrid classes (online+on -site)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want a workshop, use various tools to display imagesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is very on time and is strict about the pointThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The professor received homework in the class, so if he gets sick, he cannot send his homework properly.I think AJARN should send homework using [Software].In online sessions, it is meaningless that students have to send homework without using the System while students can send issues with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for assignment is too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJARN will release Project 2 very late, but will be released in Sylavus in early November.It has little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to do more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun object to study with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think it should be more convenient to change to other research ([course], etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult, especially in the last part.I think Cirriculum needs to be adjusted, but you probably need to exclude some topics.In my opinion, some topics are too complicated and cannot be taught in the entry -level class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know all the scores when sending the assignment.So I can manage my grades.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me.[Instructor] always gives my job clearly feedback.It helps to reply to the Instructor massage very quickly and smoothly perform issues.I'm very happy to study in the [Instructor] class.????????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I hope the teacher keeps this style indefinitely.I often study with teachers, but I need to repeat more knowledge than othersThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During the Instructor, I was able to notice that the Instructor was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
I want all the students to pay attention to the teacherThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is very difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn to understand the students and wait for a memo to give a lecture.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think it is too difficult to absorb lessons, but I will do my best to understand them!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
Certainly boring, boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like instructors to understand that the learning method teaching by [Instructor] does not give most of the students a sufficient understanding of students.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this reason, it is recommended that instructors incorporate some tactics to remember all topics, topics, and topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Maybe he should teach in Thai, Morethane explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires students to take a quiz on the premises, they must be placed at class hours.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Please wait for those who do not understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The fact that she decides to host an on -site class and she only appears in online conferences is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, and [Instructors] may have a health problem.Not, but it may be hosting online classes.In order to add S humiliation to the injury, [Instructor] does not listen to the Instructor, so many students have a disgust, but we have defense.What is the slide itself literally there?I don't want to say that [Instructor] is redundant and useless, but I and many other people share the same opinion that it is hardly valuable to actually engage in the Instructor class.But there are many other important things.Create.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
We take about 2 hours to come to teachers from home, so we think we will quiz when the class starts rather than going to a teacher to get a 15 -minute quiz on Wednesday.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a kind person and can be an excellent advisor, but he is not a good instructor because he cannot provide class knowledge to make students understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Learning on a lab or computer is always recommended for students to learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Assignment can actually be meaningless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Similarly, please ask for a quiz at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt it was difficult to fully understand what was going on in the lecture class.If the entire class wrote the code together on the computer during the lecture, it would be better if everyone let everyone do it.It will better understand what is going on to us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [topics] last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from the preparation of individual assignments +quiz +glupplies +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell me more interesting thingsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Please explain both Thailand and English.Cover the entire lesson.thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During the Instructor, I was able to notice that the Instructor was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If there is too much work, the reason why the project is finally assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
There are too many quizzesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for welcoming [Instructor] as an advisor.[Instructor] is a really nice mentor.The Instructor provided a lot of effective and on -point comments so that you could understand and improve yourself in an atmosphere that is not so stressful.Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be more flexible about hybrid classes (online+on -site)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good.Children need to study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce homework and increase the time to quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Understand that the instructor teaches most students in the instructor that the learning method teaches is not fully understood.Some students thought that the project could be implemented as requirements.This is because most students in the class need to take into account why they cannot reach the project requirements, so they have to seek more knowledge outside the class.You can't provide projects that need to be sufficient only with the knowledge you have learned in the class.As a result, [Instructor] is a kind and good person, and I want to inform the instructor and faculty members that [Instructor] can give good advice with good intentions, but it is necessary to make good classes.And。The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for welcoming [Instructor] as an advisor.[Instructor] is a really nice mentor.The Instructor provided a lot of effective and on -point comments so that you could understand and improve yourself in an atmosphere that is not so stressful.Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please teach more than time and work during the examThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Like the entry of the instructor's work, teachers use various boring tones and education.I feel that this course is worth studying so that students can participate in opinions or allow them to respond.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It may be too fast to catch the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz checks the name and give a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project is challenging, and if you have more time, it will be more fun.I regret not doing allocation codingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] really likes to listen to students and adapt to studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love how to teach us, I am grateful for it!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Maybe he should teach in Thai, Morethane explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] accents are difficult to understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are many calculations in the middle exam.I think that it is necessary to allow a calculator because it is tested about the course skill, not the calculation skill.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of homework assigned in this class is too much.It is unhealthy to manage multiple weekly assignments from preparing for individual assignments +quiz +group reports +group projects and presentations in this class.Remember that you need to conduct a group project or report for other subjects with the deadline.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It may be too fast to catch the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the instructor is very skilled in this field.But it is difficult to understand what is taught.Looking at the teaching of this instructor, I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For 1.2, I think you must provide the link to the video that opened during the class because they are PDF files and we can only see the image. It is a thing that the activity document must verify [the software] is the same as schematic or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is simply too much. Taking an individual assignment every week in addition to the Assignment of Gorup, every week, it is simply too considering the subjects of this term. The individual task often consists in having to enumerate the meaning of this amount ofwords that, in my opinion, did not help me obtain knowledge and certainly not [the course] of knowledge. The project assignments or requirements are sometimes not reasonable. have the same minimum requirement of pages in phase 2 of the project as thePhase one is simply lazy on his part, at best, in the best case, phase 2 of the project simply has less content than phase 1 for a mile and still wait for us to deliver the same amountof pages that phase one. I also have problems with the questions in the mid -period exam. I can't simpand qualifying them to prove my knowledge of [course]? How to let us make sense of some words in an open book exam would benefit us when we do work in the future? It also took almost all this time to find the meaning and importance of [[course] and it is not for class, exam or project, but simply by my own research. We also have to make an executive summary and a summary to each group task when sometimes the content is only half a page.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that tasks should be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the class because the instructor keeps students committed and can explain the content in a way that keeps me interested. The instructor also has extensive knowledge on the subject and can explain it well.More knowledge of you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Please record online conferencesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make the students understand and also wait for us to give a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline in shipping work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel too cruel and there is an inappropriate comment.How to show children's work and compare with other students, too, there is no confusion to change the instructor on the last day before sending it.I can't handle time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we only learn [theme] modern only in the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my homework. Then, I can administer my qualification.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and think quickly write on the board to get an additional knit score, so it must be given to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.Place to ask a friend who felt that it was the duty of the teaching media is quite bad.The sliding every week changes from one side to another without proportion.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the entire lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Nor could I memorize the entire structure and find myself very fighting with the subject. However, one night, through my compassion and a liter of coffee, I decided to check the [course] material last semester from the beginning focusing on how it works [The subject]. Encounter that is easier for me to study [course] know what and how the data were sent from each layer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher gives a refreshment to rest during class and ask students whether they can do it or not.Master cares well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher should have more time to verify the name.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, like the motto of our university it reminds us ..., real success does not lies in leatning, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There are many students every year that this course fails. Therefore, I think the faculty should consider that this course could change and examine it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Grand teacher, very affectionate and respectful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I still have a problem with the current qualification system where the task, if done by code, is obtained 100% and is done writing 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code that really makes it difficult to do as,Well, you know, you know ... we are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is difficult to install [software] on UNIX -based devices, especially with modern arm processors, [software] only admits the architecture x86_64. I think there are many alternatives that natively admit both x86_64 and ARM64 (maybe those thatThey are based on the web or written in Java), since executing netica through the emulation of the Windows, there are cases in which my friends with M1 MacBooks cannot install).The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and think quickly write on the board to get an additional knit score, so it must be given to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+on the site)The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You want to have a workshop, try to use several tools to see the image.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Eliminate this topicThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher received the task in class, so when I get sick I can not send the task correctly.While in the online session, the student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for tasks too early.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time it gives the task and, [instructor] answers my question in the email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Lanjan launches project 2 too late, but must be launched in early November in the curriculum. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
A fun theme for the study, with a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think changing other studies should be more useful (such as [course] etc.)The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is very difficult to especially part.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to know each score when I send my homework. Then, I can administer my qualification.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear feedback to my work. [Instructor] Answer the very fast massage that helps me do the homework without problems. I'm very happy to study in class [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would like the teacher to maintain this style indefinitely. I study with the teacher, but I have to repeat more knowledge than others.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time you give the task and [instructor] answer my question in email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make the students understand and also wait for us to give a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral.
He wants the teacher to pay attention to all studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
First, it is quite difficult to learn, but I see Ajarn trying to make students understand and also wait for a conference to the notes, thank you.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the lesson is too difficult to absorb, however, I will do everything possible to understand those things!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
subject in fact boring and uselessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class to do the good class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I suggest that the instructor incorporates some tactics for students to memorize all [subject], [subject] and [subject] in the [subject].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Perhaps it is good in Thai language teaching that Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
If the class requires that students take the questionnaire on the site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Wait for those lack of understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Deciding organizing classes on the site and its only appearance in online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have felt, safe, [instructor] can have health problems, but could have housed online classes. To add an insult to theinjury, [the instructor] expresses aversion to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothing more than [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides, so how could we keep us focused on?What is literally there on the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really involved in class [of the instructor], we have many other things that are important paratratat with.The sentiment polarity organization is negative .
I think we question when the class begins better than we are only going to the power to take 15 minutes questionnaire on Wednesday because it takes about 2 hours to reach the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a friendly person and can be a good advisor, however, he is not a good instructor at all, since he cannot deliver knowledge in the class for the student to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I suggest that learning in the laboratory or with the computer always helps students learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't think this class is necessary for ICT studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please request the questionnaire at the end of the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that it is difficult to get a complete image of what is happening in the conferencesunderstanding of what is happening.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we only learn [theme] modern only in the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Explain both Thai and English. Covering the entire lesson. Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please, a little speed decreases.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Too much work and why you assign the project before the final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative . 
Try too muchThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [Instructor] It is really a good mentor. [Instructor] He gave us many effective comments and in point so we can understand and improve ourselves in an atmosphere not too star. I appreciate it a lot, thank you.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Have more flexibility about hybrid classes (online+on the site)The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Reduce the task, give more time to make a questionnaire.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
I would like the instructor to understand that the learning method that teaches [instructor] does not give the student enough understanding for most students in class. I even thought that a student can implement the project as a requirement, it is because he/she/sheYou have to look for more knowledge outside the class as an instructor may have to consider why most students in class cannot achieve the project requirement, why they can deliver the project that uses only the knowledge they learned in theclass should be enough. As a result, I would love that the instructor and the faculty know that [the instructor] is a friendly, good and [instructor] can give good advice with a good intention, but at some point he required more than to doThe good class to do the good class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [Instructor] It is really a good mentor. [Instructor] He gave us many effective comments and in point so we can understand and improve ourselves in an atmosphere not too star. I appreciate it a lot, thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
As at the entrance of the instruction master work, it uses a variety of boring tones and teaching.I feel it is worth studying this course, as well as allowing students to participate in the opinion or have a reactionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't capture the content if you were too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You are perhaps reviewing the name and giving a little timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The projects are challenging, it will be more pleasant if we have more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listens to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Perhaps it is good in Thai language teaching that Morethan explains things in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The [instructor] accent is difficult to understand a lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The mid -period exam has many calculations, I think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our [course] skills and not our calculation skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of task assigned in this class is too much. It is not healthy for us to administer multiple weekly assignments of this individual assignment + perhaps + Group Report + group project and presentation preparation. Do not forget that we have to do group projects and reports forOther issues, which also have deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I didn't capture the content if you were too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find that the instructor is very skilled in this field. However, it is difficult to understand what is taught. I feel that self -learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content in later parts of the course are very hard to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understand 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [topic] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj explain unclear everytime when he give homework and, [instructor] response my question in e-mail or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technology cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for using the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we quiz when the class begins better than we just go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take around 2 hours to come to the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in [course], and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [instructor] always give a clearly feedback for my work. [instructor] reply the massage very fast which help me do the assignment smoothly. I so happy studying in [instructor]  class.??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I such a slow person to understand Math, It is hard to do a lot of questions within 00.00 am deadline)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of homework has no necessary as well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (:D)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you so much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [instructor] is really nice mentor. [instructor] gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphere. Appreciated it so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description. such as score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker doing in online the student should be online tooThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lectures, your style of teaching is highly interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
TA is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I rarely learn about what really [course] is, I got only the meaning of each term and does not get any feedback from the submitted assignment, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor seems not to care about how students will feel about her because I do not see any changes from the previous comments.No offense to any instructors, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in the class, and the class attendance has been abysmal. Try spice things up a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your teaching! and everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabs are useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
like the teaching wayThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I can't follow teacher from time to time because of English speech.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] sent by that night too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the roomWould like to teach more slowly for all students to have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forgot about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separate every class for each section might be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homeworkThere are every week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the [course] subject itself is very hard, but [instructor] style of teaching makes it quite hard to understand the meaning, add to that the slides are not quite detailed and vague in meaning. One particular unbelievable moment is giving assignments a week before an exam, yes, the assignment is useful but at least give us that final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mostly about the theory, which cannot engage students to learn more about [course] even though it is fun and useful in real life. I wish it to focus more on the real implementation and reduce the theory part.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives wayyyyyy too little time. Barely anyone can finish it in time. please consider. (the content is already hard enough)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioner in the lab is very cold.Would like the table to be wider than this when placing the box [Course] and the laptopThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the period assignment deadline by a day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it assign.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class requires students to take the quiz on site, it should be arranged in class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I cant understand what teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teacher teaching is very goodNothing led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We shouldn't have this subject in our faculty from its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with current grading system where the assignment, if done by code gets 100% and done by writing get 75% but there is no source code explanation which really makes it hard for the student to do as, well, you know...we are all really lazy kids and lazy kids don't read source code which is bad but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system for assignment submission. Every time I want to check or submit my tasks, I am unsure which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching is done on time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
There should be more hour studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I do urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that the students may be able to revise the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in classroom and teacher should use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers bc they have read our work before q@&a session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj. is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little bit. I mostly can't catch up with taking the note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the class content, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the way U taught, not copy from book. Make it simplify and easy for student to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to [SECTION] when teaching was quite fastProblems and homework should be provided.Or may be able to check the homework in order to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some assignment is not nectary and waste time. Some individual assignments look like one project. Moreover, the requirement of the project and weekly assignment is not efficient such as the report should have 20 pages, Summarize must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages can not reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I don't know how the content taught.Speaking sarcasticallyWhen there is a consultation in the classDue to not understanding and unable to catch upThe teacher has a rating to go out of the room, which actually has the duty to teach aboutIf teachingNo need to talk to each other.Speak on the moodExpressed the maturity of the instructorWould like the teacher to focus more on teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
he is a kind person and can be a good advisor, however he is not a good instructor at all since he cannot delivered the knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding to host onsite classes and her only appearing in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, sure, [instructor] may have health issues but could have hosted online classes. To add an insult to injury, [instructor] expresses dislike to many students because nobody listens to [instructor], but we do have a defense, there's nothing but [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides so how could we stay focused on what is literally right there in the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value in really being engaged in [instructor] class, we have many other things that are important to deal with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send by midnight on the day of the work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and edit the group listSo that some students who do not have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [instructor] also should not give any assignments during the final exam. I can understand it is the practice but it would be better if it has a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose to know our answer is correct? while in class, we can not understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Illustrated about examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part where I didn't understand the coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, like cutting the problem. However, I also think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to study with the teacher very much. I like the accent, like the attention of the teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor should prepare materials and platform for student can student and do the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like the teacher to have a past videoBecause I would like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please listen to students opinion moreThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of assignments is quite too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Professor received homework in class, so when i get sick i cannot sent the homework properly. I think ajarn should use [software] to sent the homework. It does not make sense that student must send the homework without using [system] while in online session student can send the assignment with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. Makes the class more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Arrange extra classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [Software], [software] etc. Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes it difficult to read sometimes.Thank you in advance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Good teaching skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way u taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Will be even better if thereoutline in the work sectionSo that students will focus on the topic that the course needs moreBut if in order to think, study, research, find the necessary information by yourself, now is okThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] sound doesn't clear, often hard to listen to.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because sometime I am a bit confused what we are learning now. And I want teacher teach on slides because I can't obviously see the handwritings on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to teach a little slower.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everyone should have an Extra Point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understandResulting in only a good person and thinks quickly to write on the board to get an Extra Point score, so it should be given to people who have not received an Extra Point to do some to get the Extra Point scores like those who can do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please don't teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones aren't capable to scan from some distance or have another way for attendanceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearlyAnd there are indicators of the details of both the Assignment and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form.But don't want to be strictOr accelerating too much of the quiz in the periodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make a lot d sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like your class very much. It's very great for us. I have received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you!!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I understand. I know about it, but because I am not very practicing so I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the midterm exam is quite hard lol, maybe I have to try harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many workloadsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The slides given have too many words, formulas, and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those assignments are not really helpful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report may be a bit too harsh on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on what content should be in report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
too many hw. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can get into [topic] faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern [course] only on the last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class is onsite.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I strongly suggest to tackle real-world practical examples, applying the theory learned in-classroom. That will make the acquired knowledge “more tangible”.Some topics are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us…, the true success does not lie in the leatning, but in its real-life application (imagination accompanied with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is just a shortage of time.Thank you Cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Final homework original deadline overlapped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject has many benefits but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it’s almost exam week, this class still requires us to submit work. So I think assignments should be cut less with longer time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
after midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understands yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. he's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases the project 2 very late, but it should be releases at the beginning of November in syllabus. That is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homeworkThere should be an answer and check the homework as well.When the exam does not have sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this good.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [Sytem].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is impolite sometimes, teaches not well, very little people show up in the class because they have no clue what they're studying and they do not find learning with  [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. [instructor]'s method is much better than [instructor],  [instructor] has full class of student whereas no body wants to come to  [instructor]'s class.  [instructor] health is not good and interrupt the lesson,  [instructor] teaching method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic. [instructor] knowledge and experience is certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher didn’t write about topic while  teaching, so we often don’t know what chapter we learn, and using whiteboard in teaching made it harder to lecture because teacher was random location to write and disorderly. His communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Cant understand what teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Deadline for assignment is too short. 72 hours is a short time compared to other subject which give you at least 1 week to finish the assignment. Also, I thought I'd learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructor often ignor student's question and things being asking regarding the class never been replyed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like you teaching such as assignments, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the real-time feedback that [instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. you are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, would like to be specified in the assignment in My Course, quite a lot of homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [instructor] make me feel this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content in later parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder whether one of my friends understands 60% of it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [topic] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I usually can't get to take the note.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explain unclear every time he gives homework and [instructor] my question in email or [system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the class was on site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You are very nice and I really like your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want teachers to tell clearly about the lesson that is learned, because at some point I am a bit confused what we learn now. And I want teachers to teach foils because I obviously cannot see the handwriting on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technological cultural developmentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understand the student very well and have assigned an appropriate workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for the use of the [system] to work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we quiz when the lessons begin better than we simply go to the faculty to take 15 minutes quiz on Wednesday because I take about 2 hours to get from my home to the faculty.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in the [course] and [topic] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Trainer] is a very good teacher for me. [Trainer] always give a clear feedback for my work. [Trainer] Answer the massage very quickly, which helps me to do the task smoothly. I am so happy in[Trainer] class.??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do the homework, to give me time, learn more and practice.(I have such a slow person to understand math, it is difficult to ask many questions within 00:00.)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Aj. Very nice. They made us feel like we ask us. Thank you nice.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of the homework has no need either.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught is a bit too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very great, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand. (: D)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for having [instructors] as our consultant. [Trainer] is really a beautiful mentor. [Trainer] gave us many effective and selective comments so that we can understand and improve in a not too stressful atmosphere.Very, thanks.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we could get more information about the project description. As evaluation criteria, project requirements, project restrictionsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Lots of work pollutionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to be handled. A certain assignment is not nectar and waste. Several individual tasks look like a project.B. to have the report, 20 pages, summarized more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker in the online value of the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy your lectures very much, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely learn what is really [course], I only have the meaning of each semester and don't get feedback from the submitted task, I have learned almost nothing and the trainer does not seem to worry about how the students feel about themBecome no changes compared to the previous comments.No criminal offense of instructors, but not many people are interested in the class for me, and the class visit was miserable. Please try a little bit on a bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your apprenticeship! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabulary are useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Like the lessonThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand the coding, I would like this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process before the coding, e.g.B. the problem, but I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I can't follow the teacher from time to time because of English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [topic] sent too much of that nightThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Wants the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the roomThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want [instructors] to list the assignment in [System].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if we had the permanent schedule for the class, and you may tear every class more efficient for each section.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much homework is every week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructors] teaching are quite confusing, yes, the [course] The topic itself is very difficult, but [instructor] teaching style makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning.In addition, the foils are not very detailed and vague in the meaning. A special incredible moment is the granting a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least gives us this final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good and I like it so much. Ajj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want this course to be more practical, it is mainly about the theory that the students cannot cause to learn more about [course], even though it is fun in real life and is useful. I wish that itshould concentrate more on the theoretical parts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives Wayyyyy too little time. Everyone can end it in good time. Please consider (the content is difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.If the table is wider when placing the box and the laptop, it is further.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the period for the order period by one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The due date of homework should be the next date of the assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The fact that teacher lessons are very good led to the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [trainers] hears students and adaptable and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the lessons have to record the students on site, it should be arranged during class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the students should discuss in the classroom and teachers should use the microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't understand which teacher teachThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The fact that teacher lessons are very good led to the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this topic in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current evaluation system in which the assignment, when it is made with code, receives 100% and is done by letter of 75%.However, there is no explanation of the source code ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children don't read a source code that is bad, but that's the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I believe that all groups should use the [system] system to submit assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The apprenticeship takes place on time, but never works in time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
It should study this course for more hoursThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I ask academic matters to provide the records so that the students can revise the material themselves.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the students should discuss in the classroom and teachers should use the microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers because you have read our work in front of Q@& A session so that you can give good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj. Very nice. They made us feel like we ask us. Thank you nice.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can usually get the note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If the students can digest the class content, this would be very advantageous for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Do not change the way you have taught from the book. Make it simplified and easy to learn to the student.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The feeling that the film was not detailed compared to [section] if the teaching was pretty quick problems and homework is made available.Or can the homework check to see the solution that needs to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to be handled. A certain assignment is not nectar and waste. Several individual tasks look like a project.B. to have the report, 20 pages, summarized more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, has to read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content at all.I do not know how the content was taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a friendly person and can be a good consultant, but he is not a good instructor at all because he cannot convey the knowledge in the class to let the student understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The decision to host courses on site and appear in online meetings is one of the worst experiences I've ever felt.[Instructor] may have health problems, but could have hosted online courses. In addition to insulting the injury, adding [trainer] many students do not like to like because nobody lists [instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothingOther than [instructor] you only read things on the presentation films.How can we concentrate on it. What is literally right there in the film itself? Although I don't like to say that [instructors] is superfluous and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing valuable, really in[Trainer] class to be busy, but we have many other things that are important that are important that are important that are important, which are important, which are important, that are important.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send work until midnight on the day of work. There is no answer or answers whether the homework that has been done correctly and sent or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you want to have a link that can write down and edit the group that some students who have no group know that there are no groups and that it is a request to the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] should tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.Students have, as to know that our answer is correct? While in class we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated by the testThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand the coding, I would like this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process before the coding, e.g.B. the problem, but I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like to learn very much with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The trainer should prepare materials and platform for students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic during the lesson, so we often do not know which chapter we learn and the use of whiteboard in class made it more difficult to give a lecture, since the teacher of random place for writing and disorderedwas incomprehensible too.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the teacher to have a past video band that I want to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the opinion of the students moreThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of tasks is pretty too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Professor received homework in class.If I get sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think Ajarn should use [software] to send homework. It does not make sense that the student has to send homework without using [system] whilethe student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation of the class material. The class is more interesting and funny.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Order additional classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Go on with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other apps instead, such as the [software], [software] etc., since writing in [software] is quite delayed and it sometimes makes it difficult to read it in advance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I want the teacher to have techniques that interest the students more in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like that the teacher gave us advice on how we improve our projects and taught ourselves to really understand lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please have the students present present, while some telephones are unable to scan from a distance or to have another option for the presenceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It will be even better if it is at work that the students concentrate on the topic, that the course is expanding more to think, study, researching, finding the necessary information themselves, is now okayThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] Sound is not clear, often difficult to hear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want teachers to tell clearly about the lesson that is learned, because at some point I am a bit confused what we learn now. And I want to teach teachers on foils because I obviously cannot see the handwriting on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everyone should have an additional point. Nobody can do it on the board.Since some people have already studied and still not only understand a good person and quickly consider writing the board to get an additional score, there should be people who did not hold an additional point to do someto get the additional points like those who can do this.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good trainer, informative courseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please do not teach too slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please have the students present present, while some telephones are unable to scan from a distance or to have another option for participationThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many work and must be sent within a day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to speak clearly and that there are indicators for the details of both the task and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign a project before the final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this topic in online form.But I don't want to speed up strictly to accelerate too much of the quiz in timeThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the task doesn't really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned within the same day with 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like your class very much. It is very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you beautiful !!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the teacher very much. I know about it, but because I don't practice very much, I can't do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the intermediate examination is pretty hard, LOL, maybe I have to try more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Lots of work pollutionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The stated foils have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
To give up tasks and group projects almost every week are too excessive, there is too much workload and these tasks are not really helpful in my opinion to study the course.in the report should be available.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too many hw. is not just an election course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can go into [topic] faster. It is simply pathetic that we can only learn modern [course] in the past week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the class was on site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I urgently suggest tackling practical examples in the real world and using the theory learned in the classroom, which will make the acquired knowledge "more tangible".Some topics are very subjective and as the lemma of our university reminds us ... the real success is not in the treat, but in its real application (imagination accompanies with in-class knowledge).The instructors ate great. Maybe it is only a lack of time.Thank you, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Final homework original period overlaped with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this topic has a lot of advantages, but the workload for students compared to other classes is too much. If it is almost an exam week, we have to submit work after this class. I think tasks should be less with a longer period of timebe cut.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After Midterm is not really good with [instructor], his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he accuses the students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn publishes the project 2 very late, but it should be published in the curriculum at the beginning of November. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
A lot of homework should also give an answer and also check homework.If the test has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for teaching this well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like to have different tasks in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes rude, does not teach very well, very small people appear in the class because they have no idea what they study, and they find no learning with [instructor] that can be enjoyed or easy to understand.[Instructor] is much better than [trainer], [instructor] has a complete class of students, while no body wants to come into the class of [Instructor]. [Trainer] Health is not good and interrupts the lesson, [trainer] teaching methodIt's no fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [instructor] I was able to see that [trainers] is a very efficient academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic during the lesson, so we often do not know which chapter we learn and the use of whiteboard in class made it more difficult to give a lecture, since the teacher of random place for writing and disorderedwas incomprehensible too.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to have more HW work than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for the assignment is too short. 72 hours are a short time compared to another topic that gives you at least 1 week time to complete the task. I also thought that I would learn [topic] and not [topic]....The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors often ignore the question of the student and the things that were asked about the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like it when you teach, such asB. Tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like to thank you for every time Ajarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Wants the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, in my course in the task, a lot of homework would like to be determined at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Trainer] let me feel that this topic is easier than I thought. Thank you for the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline for sending work is pretty quick at some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content in the subsequent parts of the course is very difficult to understand. I ask myself if one of my friends includes 60%.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] faster. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [subject] than last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains shortly when he gives his homework and, [the instructor] slowly answers my question by e-mail or [system].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the course to be on site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly the lesson that will be learned because sometimes I am a little confused what we learn now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because I can obviously not see the scriptures on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and you attribute a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic, except to use the [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think that we who when the class starts better than we go to the faculty to take 15 minutes from quiz because I take about 2 hours to come to the faculty of my home.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
An advanced subject in [courses] and [the subject] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear comment for my work. [Instructor] answer the massage very quickly which helps me to do the mission gently. I am so happy to study inclass [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework in order to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am a person so slow to understand mathematics, it is difficult to do a lot of questions within the deadlines of 00 h 00)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
AJ. Is very nice. You made us at ease to ask. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of the duties also does not need.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Very well, you made this class more pleasant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [the instructor] as an advisor. [Instructor] is a really nice mentor. [The instructor] gave us a lot of effective comments and on the point so that we can understand ourselves and improve in an atmospherenot too stressful. appreciated so much, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information on the description of the project. Tens than score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to manage. A certain assignment is not nectal and waste time. Certain individual assignments resemble a project. In addition, the requirement of the project and the weekly attribution is notEffective, as the report must have 20 pages, the summary must exceed two pages. I think that the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the guest speaker is online, the student must also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
AT is very effective.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I rarely learn what is really [lessons], I only have the meaning of each term and I do not get any comments from the submissive mission, I have learned almost nothing and the instructor does not seem to beSquare what students feel about it because I see no change in relation to the previous comments.No instructor, but as far as I am concerned, few people are interested in the class, and the frequentation of the class has been appalling. Awhat a little bit next year, please?The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thank you for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabs is useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
as the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part where I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly on competitive thought or the process before coding, as cutting the problem. However, I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time because of the English speech.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Subject] sent by this night too muchThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like the teacher to help focus more on the child behind the room would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopes that [the instructor] lists the assignment in [system]. At one point, I forgot the mission.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be preferable that we have the permanent class calendar. Spare each class for each section can be more effective.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many homework, every week ago.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teachings [of the instructor] are quite confusing, yes, the material [courses] itself is very difficult, but the style of teaching [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, to add to this that the slides do notare not detailed enough and vague in the direction. An incredible particular moment is to give assignments a week before an examination, yes, the mission is useful, but we give at least this final assignment much earlier than that.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I love it so much. Aj teaches and treats very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly the theory, which cannot engage students to find out more about [courses] even if it is fun and useful in real life.'He focuses more on the real implementation and reduces the theoretical part.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives way too little time. Barely no one can finish it in time. Consider. (The content is already quite difficult)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioner in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for allocating the period of a day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The due date of duties must be the following date from its allocation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teaching of the teacher is very well conducted because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listen to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class forces students to take the quiz on site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think students should chat in class and the teacher must use the microphone and the projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teaching of the teacher is very well conducted because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this subject in our faculty of its uselessnessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I always have a problem with the current classification system where the assignment, if the code is 100% and done by writing obtains 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code which makes it really difficult toThe student to do like, well, you know ... We are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad but it is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I believe that all groups should use the [System] system for submission of assignments. Each time I want to check or submit my tasks, I don't know which one to choose.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Teaching is done in time but never works in the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
There should be more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The recording is not provided, but I exhort academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students can revise the equipment by themselves.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should chat in class and the teacher must use the microphone and the projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers because they read our work before Q @ & a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
AJ. Is very nice. You made us at ease to ask. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please slow down a little. I can't catch up with the note.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work. If students can digest the content of the class, it would be very beneficial for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy from the book. See simplify and easy to learn for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Estimated that the slide was not detailed in relation to [the section] when the teaching was fairly rapid problems and duties must be provided.Or may be able to check the homework to see the solution that must be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to manage. A certain assignment is not nectal and waste time. Certain individual assignments resemble a project. In addition, the requirement of the project and the weekly attribution is notEffective, as the report must have 20 pages, the summary must exceed two pages. I think that the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content.I do not know how the content has taught. The duty to teach on teaching does not need to speak to each other.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a kind person and maybe a good advisor, but he is not at all a good instructor because he cannot deliver knowledge in the class to make the student understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding to welcome courses on site and its appearance only during online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have never felt, surely, [the instructor] can have health problems but could have organized coursesOnline. To add an insult to the injury, [the instructor] expresses is not liked it to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, thereNothing else other than [the instructor] to read things on presentation slides, so how could we remain concentrated on what is literally there in the slide itself? although I likeNot to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, me and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really engaged in the [instructor] class, we have a lot ofOther things that are important to put with it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the work every week and gives time to send before midnight on work day. There is no answer or answers, whether duties are made and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have a link that can write and modify the list of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there is no group and asks to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] should inform the student of the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [The instructor] should not give missions during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice,But it would be preferable for him to have a solution for the student. I mean how I suppose our answer is correct? In class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examinationThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part where I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly on competitive thought or the process before coding, as cutting the problem. However, I also think that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like to study with the teacher. I like the accent, like the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor must prepare equipment and a platform for student students and the more appropriate laboratory.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject during teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and the use of the whiteboard in teaching made the conference more difficult because the teacher wasA random location for writing and disorderly. Sa communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the professor to have a previous video that I would review to better understand the contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the more students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of assignments is too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The professor received homework in class, so when I fall sick, I cannot send the homework correctly. I think that Jarn should use [the software] to send the homework. He does not make sense that theStudent must send homework without using [system] while in the online session, the student can send the duty with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Great explanation on class material. See the more interesting and more funny class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Organize an additional classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
At the time of writing the time of writing, how to use other applications instead, such as [software], [software] etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delayed and sometimes makes it difficult to read.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
Hopes that the teacher has techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like the fact that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones are not able to scan at a certain distance or have another way to participateThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Will be even better if there will be the line in the work section that students will focus on the subject that the course needs more, if to think, study, search, find the necessary information by yourself, it is thatis now okThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, often difficult to listen to.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want the teacher to tell clearly the lesson that will be learned because sometimes I am a little confused what we learn now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because I can obviously not see the scriptures on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everyone should have an additional point. Personal cannot do so at the Council I received an additional point to make it to obtain additional points scores like those who can do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Good instructor, informative coursesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Please let students have attendance checks while some phones are not able to scan at a certain distance or have another way to participateThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too much work and must be sent by day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the mission and the scores of this work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you affect the final before the final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online form, but I don't want to be a strictor accelerating too many quizs in the periodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignment sometimes does not really make sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is planned in the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like your class. It's very great for us. I received a lot of opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the teacher. I understand. I know it, but because I do not practice very so I cannot do it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid-term exam is quite difficult lol, maybe I have to try it harder to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The slides given have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving assignments every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and these assignments are not really useful for studying the course in my opinion. The group report can be a little too muchHard on minimum pages when there are not enough requirements on the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much hw.n is not just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [the subject] faster. It is just pitiful that we only learn the modern [lessons] than last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It's a good teacher. I see my change, thank you Kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the course to be on site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I strongly suggest combating practical examples of the real world, applying the theory learned in the class. This will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible".Certain subjects are very subjective and, as the lemma of our university reminds us ..., real success does not lie in the Leate, but in its real application (imagination accompanied by in in-class knowledge). The instructors have eatenGreat. It is just a shortage of time.Thank you cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Original deadline for final duties overlapping other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced with less time to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After halfway through with [the instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blamed students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen.is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn releases Project 2 very late, but it should be released in early November in the program. It's very short time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that this subject presents many advantages, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. Even when it is almost the week of exams, this class always requires us to subject work. So thinkthat assignments must be reduced less with more time to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many homework should be a response and check the homework.When the exam has no leaves, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for taught this property.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is rude sometimes, do not teach well, very few people appear in the classroom because they have no idea what they study and they do not find learning with [theInstructor] Taking advantage or easily understandable. The method of [the instructor] is much better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a full student class while no body wants to come to the class of [the instructor]. [Instructor] Health is not good and interrupt the lesson, the teaching method of [the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [the instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very effective academic. [Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly extendedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject during teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and the use of the whiteboard in teaching made the conference more difficult because the teacher wasA random location for writing and disorderly. Sa communication was also incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I do not understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Would like to have more work hw than the examinationThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for sale is too short. 72 hours is a short period of time compared to other subjects that give you at least 1 week to finish the mission. In addition, I thought I would learn [the subject] andno [the subject] ....The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the student's issue and the things wondering about the class have never been answered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like you to taught like homework, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the comments in real time that [the instructor] gave during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want to thank you for each time that Jarn gives me advice. You are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like the teacher to brand more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, I would like to be specified in the mission of my course, many homework at a limited time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated this course. [The instructor] makes me feel that this subject is easier than I thought. Thank you for teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline in the shipment of work is fairly fast in certain events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It is very difficult to understand the content in the second half of the course.Does my friend understand 60 % of it?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [topics] last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains unclear every time he does his homework, and [Instructor] slowly answers my question in email or system.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I hope the class is on -site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You are very kind and I really like your educational style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I'm a little confused about what I'm learning now, so I want my teachers to clearly tell the lessons to learn.And I can't see the handwriting on the board, so I want a teacher to teach it on a slide.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add cultural evolution of technologyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your lecture, you understood the students very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is wonderful, except to use System for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It takes about 2 hours to come to a teacher from home, so I think we will quiz when the class starts rather than going to a teacher to get a 15 -minute quiz on Wednesday.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topics of Course and Topic are very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me.[Instructor] always gives my job clearly feedback.It helps to reply to the Instructor massage very quickly and smoothly perform issues.I'm very happy to study in the [Instructor] class.????????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for homework is too fast.I think the teacher should give me more time to do homework to learn and practice time (I am a very slow person to understand mathematics, ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 AM.It's difficult to do)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
AJ.Very good.You felt like asking us comfortably.thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't think it's necessary for some homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Very wonderful, you made this class more fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your educational style was easy to understand.(: D)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for welcoming [Instructor] as an advisor.[Instructor] is a really nice mentor.The Instructor provided a lot of effective and on -point comments so that you could understand and improve yourself in an atmosphere that is not so stressful.Thank you very much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's great if you can get detailed information about the project explanation.Score standards, project requirements, project restrictions, etc.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Workloads are imbalanced and too much to handle.Some assignments are not honey, but waste time.Some individual assignments look like one project.In addition, the report requires 20 pages, and project requirements and weekly assignments are not efficient.The summary must be more than two pages.I don't think the number of pages can reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the invited guest speaker is online, students must be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your lecture, your educational style is very interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I rarely know what "course" is, I have only the meaning of each semester, I can't get feedback from the submitted task, I hardly learn anything, andThe instructor doesn't seem to care how the students feel about her. I can't see any changes from my previous comments.There is no crime to the instructor, but as far as I can, many people are interested in classes, and the class attendees were terrible.Try a little spice next year.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I am grateful for your teachings!And thank you all for telling me!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Finding terms and vocabulary is useless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Like an educational methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
If you didn't understand the coding, please tell this course more clearly about reducing problems with intense competition and processes before codeing.But I think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
You can't follow a teacher from time to time for English speeches.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
48 [Topic] It is sent too much by that nightThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to help teachers to concentrate on the children behind the room, and I like to teach more slowly for all students to be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to list [System] assignment to [Instructor].At one point, I forgot to assign.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if you had a permanent schedule of the class.All classes of each section may be more efficiently separated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It is every week that there are too many homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teaching of [Instructor] is very confusing.Yes, the course of the course itself is very difficult, but the educational style of [Instructor] is very difficult to understand the meaning, and the slide is not so detailed and not ambiguous.One incredible moment is to assign one week before the exam.Yes, allocation is useful, but please give the final task at least much faster.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to tell me more interesting thingsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I really like it.AJ teaches and handles very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want to make this course more practical.It is mainly related to theory, and it is not possible for students to learn more about the course, despite the fun and useful in real life.I hope to concentrate on the actual implementation and reduce the theory.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz gives Wayyyyyy that time is too low.Barely, everyone can finish it in time.Think of it.(Content is already difficult enough)The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioner of the lab is very cold.When the box [course] and laptop are placed, the table will be wider than this.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please extend the deadline for the period assignment by one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The homework date must be the next date from the time of assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's education was very good.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] really likes to listen to students and adapt to studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class requires students to take a quiz on the premises, they must be placed at class hours.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Students need to discuss in the classroom, and teachers need to provide clear education using microphone and projector.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I don't know what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's education was very good.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this theme for our teachers because it is uselessThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current grading system, but if it is done by code, I will get 100 % and write, but I will get 75 %, but students explain the really difficult source code.Not.... We are all really negligible children, and the lazy children do not read the source code, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I think all groups need to use the System System to submit the assignment.Every time you check or send your task, you are not sure which one you choose.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Classes are held on time, but does not work during the period.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative  .
I have more time to study this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although no recording is provided, it encourages students to provide recording so that students can correct their materials themselves.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Students need to discuss in the classroom, and teachers need to provide clear education using microphone and projector.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers BC because they read our work before Q@& A sessions, they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
AJ.Very good.You felt like asking us comfortably.thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please be a little late.I can hardly catch up with taking notes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is really important for future work.It is very useful for them if students can digest class content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Rather than copying from a book, change the method you taught.Make your students learn and make it easier and easier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If teaching needs to provide a very fast problem and homework, I felt that the slide was not detailed when compared to the section.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Workloads are imbalanced and too much to handle.Some assignments are not honey, but waste time.Some individual assignments look like one project.In addition, the report requires 20 pages, and project requirements and weekly assignments are not efficient.The summary must be more than two pages.I don't think the number of pages can reflect the quality of work and knowledgeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, needs to read almost 100 %.I do not understand the content at all.I don't know how the content is taught.Ironically, there is an association in a class that cannot be chased by teachers and has a reputation for leaving the room.If you have a duty to teach, you need to talk to each other.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a kind person and can be an excellent advisor, but he is not a good instructor because he cannot provide class knowledge to make students understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The fact that she decides to host an on -site class and she only appears in online conferences is one of the worst experiences I have ever felt, and [Instructors] may have a health problem.Not, but it may be hosting online classes.In order to add S humiliation to the injury, [Instructor] does not listen to the Instructor, so many students have a disgust, but we have defense.What is the slide itself literally there?I don't want to say that [Instructor] is redundant and useless, but I and many other people share the same opinion that it is hardly valuable to actually engage in the Instructor class.But there are many other important things.Create.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Teachers work every week and give time to send them by midnight on the day of work.There is no answer or answer whether it is done correctly and sent correctly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
You need a link to write a group list that can know that some students who do not have a group have no groups and request other groups and groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Instructors need to tell students about the project at least two weeks before the final exam.[Instructor] must not be assigned during the final exam.I can understand that it is a practice, but it would be better if it had a solution for students.Do you know that our answer is right?I don't understand anything during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Illustration about the testThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
If you didn't understand the coding, please tell this course more clearly about reducing problems with intense competition and processes before codeing.But I think this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I like studying with my teacher.As the teacher's precautions, I like accents.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Instructors need to prepare materials and platforms for students for students and make the lab more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic while teaching, so we do not know the chapter often learned.And because the teacher was a random place that was confused and random, using a whiteboard in class made it difficult to lecture.I couldn't understand his communication.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want to review more to understand more content, so I hope my teacher has a past videoThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Please listen to the students' opinions moreThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The professor received homework in the class, so if he gets sick, he cannot send his homework properly.I think AJARN should send homework using [Software].In online sessions, it is meaningless that students have to send homework without using the System while students can send issues with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
A wonderful explanation about class materials.Make the class more interesting and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We will arrange extra classesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please continue this educational methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are too many unnecessary workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
How to use other apps such as [Software] and [Software], such as [Software], is very late to write in [Software], and it is sometimes difficult to read, so read in advance.You can do it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.Also, I thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I want my teacher to have a technique that students are more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Excellent educational skills, very flexibleThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He liked giving advice on how to improve our project, and taught me to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some phone calls cannot be scanned from a certain distance or cannot have another method for attendance, but let the students check the attendance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I love the method you taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be even better if a student could focus on the topic that the course was needed in a work section.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] The sound is not clear, and it is difficult to listen often.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I'm a little confused about what I'm learning now, so I want my teachers to clearly tell the lessons to learn.And I can't see the handwriting on the board, so I want a teacher to teach it on a slide.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want the teacher to tell me a little late.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Everyone needs to have additional points.Some people are already studying, don't understand only the good people, and are thinking about writing them on the board to get additional point score, so it is for those who do not give it.I received some additional points to get an additional point score like a person who can do it because it should be given.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Excellent instructors, useful coursesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Don't tell me slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some phone calls cannot be scanned from a certain distance or cannot have another method for attendance, but let the students check the attendance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I have too much work and I need to send it within one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I want teachers to talk clearly, and there are indicators of both the work task and the score.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If there is too much work, the reason why the project is finally assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this subject in online format, but I don't want to accelerate many quizzes during the period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Assignment may not really make much sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Work is scheduled within the same day as 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like your class.That's a great thing for us.I received many opinions in your class.thank you!!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the teacher.got it.I know that, but I can't do it because I don't practice much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the middle exam is very difficult.Maybe I have to work hard to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I am overwhelmed by the given slides, if there are too many words, formulas, and diagrams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving issues every week and the group projects are too excessive every week.There are too many workloads, and in my opinion is not helpful to study the course.Glute report may be a little too strict on the minimum page if there is no sufficient requirements for the content in the report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
There are too many HW.Isn't it just a selection course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think you can enter [Topic] faster.It is pathetic to be able to learn modern [courses] last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is a good teacher.I see my change, thank you to Kubb!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I hope the class is on -site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It is strongly recommended to apply the theory learned in the classroom and work on practical examples of the real world.It makes the acquired knowledge "more specific".Several topics are very subjective, as our universities remind you of us ... true success is not in LEATNING, but the application of real life (imagination with imagination).-Class knowledge).The instructor had a great meal.Maybe it's just a shortage of time.Thank you very much for you, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The final homework deadline overlaps with other examinations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The intermediate period with [Instructor] is not so good.It is difficult to understand how his educational method is, but he accuses the student using "ears and eyes" to listen.He is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AJARN will release Project 2 very late, but will be released in Sylavus in early November.It has little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this theme has many advantages, but I think there are too many workloads for students compared to other classes.This class still needs to submit a job, even in the week of the exam.Therefore, I think it should take longer to reduce allocation reductions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many homework is the answer, and you need to check your homework.If there is no seat in the exam, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Thank you for telling me this.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I want to have various allocation in System or System.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is sometimes mismatched, not taught well, there are few people in the class, so they know that they are studying and enjoy the [Instructor].I can't.The Instructor is much better than Instructors.[Instructor] Health is not good and the lessons are interrupted.[Instructor] Education method is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
In contact with [Instructor], I was able to notice that [Instructor] was a very efficient academic.[Instructor] Knowledge and experience are certainly widespreadThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write about the topic while teaching, so we do not know the chapter often learned.And because the teacher was a random place that was confused and random, using a whiteboard in class made it difficult to lecture.I couldn't understand his communication.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I don't understand what the teacher taughtThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to do more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for assignment is too short.The 72 hours is a shorter time compared to other subjects who give at least a week to complete the assignment.I also thought I would learn [Topic] instead of [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Instructors often ignored student questions and never answered about classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like to teach the tasks, please tell us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the real -time feedback given by [Instructor] during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I would like to thank Ajarn every time I give advice.You are the best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the teacher to teach more interestinglyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, I would like to specify it by allocation of my course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class.[Instructor] Let me feel this subject is easier than I thought.thank you for teaching me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For some events, the deadline for sending the work is very fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content on the back of the course is very difficult to understand. I wonder if any of my friends understands 60%.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we only learn [theme] modern only in the last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Please decrease a slightly speed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ explains that it is not clear every time you give the task and [instructor] answer my question in email or [the system] slowly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Hopefully the class is on the site.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because at some point I am a little confused what we are learning now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because obviously I can not see the writings by hand on a boardThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technological cultural evolutionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really enjoyed your conference, you understand the student very well and assigned a reasonable workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Everything is fantastic except for using [system] for work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we question when the class begins better than we are only going to the power to take 15 minutes questionnaire on Wednesday because it takes about 2 hours to reach the faculty from my home.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced theme in [course], and [theme] is very difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very good teacher for me. [Instructor] always gives a clear feedback to my work. [Instructor] Answer the very fast massage that helps me do the homework without problems. I'm very happy to study in class [instructor].??????The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The deadline for the task is too fast. I think the teacher should give more time to do homework to give me time to learn and practice more.(I am such a slow person to understand mathematics, it is difficult to ask many questions within the deadline of 00.00 am)The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Aj. It is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the part of the task is not necessary either.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher taught is too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Very good, you did this more pleasant class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Thank you very much for having [instructor] as our advisor. [Instructor] It is really a good mentor. [Instructor] He gave us many effective comments and in point so we can understand and improve ourselves in an atmosphere not too star. I appreciate it a lot, thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if we can obtain more information about the project description. As score criteria, project requirements, project limitationsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some task is not nect and waste time. Some individual tasks seem like a project. In addition, the project requirement and the weekly allocation is not efficient, since the report must have 20 pages, the summary must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledge.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the guest speaker online, the student should also be onlineThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your conferences, your teaching style is very interesting and entertaining.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ta is very efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I rarely learned about what [the course] is really, I only obtained the meaning of each term and does not receive any comments from the task sent, I have not learned almost anything and the instructor seems that I do not care how the students will feel because Ellano I see anyChange of previous comments.There is no crime to any instructor, but as far as I am concerned, not many people are interested in class, and class assistance has been abysmal. I intendant to season a little next year, please.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I appreciate your teaching! And everything, thanks for teaching us!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Like the path of teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, how to cut the problem. However, I also believe that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative.
I cannot follow the teacher from time to time due to the English speech.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the teacher to help concentrate more on the child behind the room, he would like to teach more slowly so that all students have more efficiencyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like [the instructor] to list the task in [system]. At some point, I forget the task.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if we have the permanent schedule for the class. Separe each class for each section can be more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Too many tasks are every week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] teachings are quite confusing, yes, the topic [of the course] itself is very difficult, but the teaching style [instructor] makes it quite difficult to understand the meaning, add that the slides are not veryDetailed and vague in meaning. A incredible moment in particular is to assign tasks a week before an exam, yes, the task is useful, but at least it gives us that final task much earlier.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this course is very good, and I like it a lot.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like this course to be more practical. It is mainly about the theory, which cannot involve students to learn more about [the course] even though it is fun and useful in real life.in the real implementation and reduce the part of the theory.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The questionnaire gives Wayyyyy very little time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The air conditioning in the laboratory is very cold.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Extends the period of period allocation for one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The expiration date of the task must be the next date since it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
That the teacher's teaching is very well led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [the instructor] listens to students [instructor] and adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
If the class requires that students take the questionnaire on the site, it must be organized in class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think students should discuss in the classroom and the teacher must use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I can't understand what the teacher teachesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
That the teacher's teaching is very well led because the teacher really taught very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We should not have this issue in our faculty of its uselessness.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I still have a problem with the current qualification system where the task, if done by code, is obtained 100% and is done writing 75%, but there is no explanation of the source code that really makes it difficult to do as,Well, you know, you know ... we are all really lazy children and lazy children do not read the source code, which is bad, but that is the fact of life.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I think all groups should use the [system] system for the presentation of the task. Once I want to verify or send my tasks, I am not sure which one to choose from.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There should be more time studying this course.And there is a problem similar to the exam to practiceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Recording is not provided, but urges academic issues to provide recordings so that students can review the material on their own.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think students should discuss in the classroom and the teacher must use microphone and projector for clear teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love teachers because they have read our work before Q@& a session so that they can provide good commentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj. It is very nice. You made us feel comfortable asking. Thank you.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Please, a little speed decreases.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way you taught, not copy of the book. It is simplified and easy for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt that the slide was not detailed compared to [the section] when the teaching was quite fast and the task must be provided.Or you can verify the task to see the solution to be practicedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is unbalanced and too much to handle. Some task is not nect and waste time. Some individual tasks seem like a project. In addition, the project requirement and the weekly allocation is not efficient, since the report must have 20 pages, the summary must be more than two pages. I think the number of pages cannot reflect any quality of work and knowledge.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher does not understand, he must read almost 100%. There is no understanding of the content. It has the duty to teach about teaching does not need to speak with each other.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He is a friendly person and can be a good advisor, however, he is not a good instructor at all, since he cannot deliver knowledge in the class for the student to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deciding organizing classes on the site and its only appearance in online meetings is one of the worst experiences that I have felt, safe, [instructor] can have health problems, but could have housed online classes. To add an insult to theinjury, [the instructor] expresses aversion to many students because no one listens to [the instructor], but we have a defense, there is nothing more than [instructor] just reading things on the presentation slides, so how could we keep us focused on?What is literally there on the slide itself? While I do not like to say that [the instructor] is redundant and useless, I and many others share the same opinion that there is almost nothing of value to be really involved in class [of the instructor], we have many other things that are important paratratat with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher gives the job every week and gives time to send at midnight on Labor Day. There is no response or answers if the task that has been done and sent correctly or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have a link that can write and edit the lists of groups that some students who do not have a group may know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] You must tell the student about the project at least two weeks before the final exam. [Instructor] He should not give any task during the final exam. I can understand that it is the practice, but it would be better if he has a solution for the student.I mean, how are you supposed to know that our answer is correct? While we are in class, we cannot understand anything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Illustrated on the examThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
In the part in which I did not understand coding, I want this course to teach me more clearly about competitive thinking or the process to do before coding, how to cut the problem. However, I also believe that this course is good for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like studying with the teacher. I like the accent, as the teacher's attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor must prepare materials and platform for students, students and make the laboratory more appropriate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject while teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and wearing a blackboard in the teaching made it more difficult to give a conference because the teacher was a random location to write and mess. His communication tooIt was incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like the teacher to have a past video because I would like to check more to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Listen more to students' opinionThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The number of tasks is too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher received the task in class, so when I get sick I can not send the task correctly.While in the online session, the student can send the task with tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Great explanation about class material. It has the class more interesting and fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Organize additional classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
At the time of writing, how to use other applications, such as [software], [software], etc.Because writing in [software] is quite delay and makes reading difficult.Thanks in advance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
I would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I like that the teacher has given us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to really understand the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Let students have assistance controls, while some phones are not able to scan from a certain distance or have another form of assistanceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It will be even better if it is in the work section that students will focus on the topic that the course needs more if to think, study, find the necessary information for itself, now it is fineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The [instructor] sound is not clear, often difficult to listen.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I want the teacher to tell clearly about the lesson that will be learned because at some point I am a little confused what we are learning now. And I want the teacher to teach on the slides because obviously I can not see the writings by hand on a boardThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Everyone should have an extra point. No one can do it on the board.Because some people have already studied and still do not understand that they are only of a good person and quickly think on the board to get an additional knit score, so they must occur to people who have not done so. I received an additional pointTo make some to obtain additional points scores such as those that can do so.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Let students have assistance controls, while some phones are not able to scan from a certain distance or have another form of assistanceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Too many work and should be sent within one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I would like the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of the task and the scores of that work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too much work and why you assign the project before the final.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I like to study this topic online.But I don't want to be strictriers to accelerate the questionnaire too much in the periodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The task sometimes does not make much sense.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The work is scheduled within the same day as 40 articles.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really like your class. It is very good for us. I have received many opinions in your class. Thank you !!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like the teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Everything is great, but the mid -period exam is quite difficult hahaha, maybe I have to strive more to understand it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The given slides have too many words, formulas and diagrams, and I am overwhelmed by them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Giving tasks every week and group projects almost every week is too excessive, there is too much workload and those tasks are not really useful to study the course in my opinion. The group's report can be too hard on the minimum pages when there is noenough requirements on what content should be in the report.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Too many HW. Isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can enter [theme] faster. It is unfortunate that we can only learn [course] modern only the last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Hopefully the class is on the site.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I suggest addressing real world practical examples, applying the theory learned in the classroom. That will make the knowledge acquired "more tangible."Some issues are very subjective and, as our university motto reminds us ..., real success does not lies in the leaters, but in its application of real life (imagination accompanied by class inside).The instructors ate very well. Maybe it's just a time shortage.Thanks cordially, [student]The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
End of the final task superimposed with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that the tasks must be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After half of the period with [instructor] is not really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand, but he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. It is not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Lanjan launches project 2 too late, but must be launched in early November in the curriculum. This is very little time to do the project.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think this subject has many benefits, but the workload is too much for students compared to other classes. I even even when it is almost the week of the exam, this class still requires that we present the work. So I think that the tasks must be cutLess with more time to do it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
A lot of task must be an answer and verify the task too.When the exam has no sheets, it will be repeated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I would like to have several tasks in [system] or [system].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[The instructor] is sometimes impolite, does not teach well, very small people appear in class because they have no idea what they are studying and do not find learning with [instructor] enjoying or easily understandable. The [instructor] method ismuch better than [the instructor], [the instructor] has a complete class of student, while no body wants to reach the [instructor] class. Health [of the instructor] is not good and interrupts the lesson, the method ofTeaching [of the instructor] is not fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [the instructor] is a very efficient academic. Knowledge and experience [of the instructor] are certainly extensiveThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did not write on the subject while teaching, so we often do not know what chapter we learn, and wearing a blackboard in the teaching made it more difficult to give a conference because the teacher was a random location to write and mess. His communication tooIt was incomprehensible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I would like to have more HW work than the examThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The deadline for allocation is too shortThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often ignores the question of the students and the things they are doing regarding the class were never answered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral.
I like to teach, as tasks, give us an example.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like comments in real time that [Instructor] gave during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want to thank you for every time you give me advice. The best!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I would like the teacher to teach more interestingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
If possible, I would like to specify in the task in my course, enough task at a limited moment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoyed this class. [Instructor] Make me feel that this issue is easier than I thought. Thank you to teach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The deadline in shipping work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher gives us feedback on our projects and helps us grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher gives us feedback on our projects and helps us grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher gives us feedback on our projects and helps us grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher gives us feedback on our projects and helps us grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the lessons were informative, I found the teacher’s feedback on our projects to be lacking and unhelpful at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the lessons were informative, I found the teacher’s feedback on our projects to be lacking and unhelpful at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the lessons were informative, I found the teacher’s feedback on our projects to be lacking and unhelpful at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the lessons were informative, I found the teacher’s feedback on our projects to be lacking and unhelpful at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course is engaging, and the instructor does a decent job, but sometimes the classes dragged on too long.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The content of the course is engaging, and the instructor does a decent job, but sometimes the classes dragged on too long.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is engaging, and the instructor does a decent job, but sometimes the classes dragged on too long.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content of the course is engaging, and the instructor does a decent job, but sometimes the classes dragged on too long.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the material is presented, but I wish there were more examples to work with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the material is presented, but I wish there were more examples to work with.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the material is presented, but I wish there were more examples to work with.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the material is presented, but I wish there were more examples to work with.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I enjoyed the lectures, I found it difficult to keep up with the pacing of the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I enjoyed the lectures, I found it difficult to keep up with the pacing of the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I enjoyed the lectures, I found it difficult to keep up with the pacing of the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I enjoyed the lectures, I found it difficult to keep up with the pacing of the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly in both Thai and English, making it easier to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly in both Thai and English, making it easier to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly in both Thai and English, making it easier to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly in both Thai and English, making it easier to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content covered the lesson adequately, the instructor sometimes rushed through the topics, which left students confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content covered the lesson adequately, the instructor sometimes rushed through the topics, which left students confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the content covered the lesson adequately, the instructor sometimes rushed through the topics, which left students confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content covered the lesson adequately, the instructor sometimes rushed through the topics, which left students confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course covered a lot of information, but I felt more motivation could have been created by the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course covered a lot of information, but I felt more motivation could have been created by the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course covered a lot of information, but I felt more motivation could have been created by the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course covered a lot of information, but I felt more motivation could have been created by the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor makes the class engaging, which helps me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor makes the class engaging, which helps me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor makes the class engaging, which helps me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor makes the class engaging, which helps me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the content quality to be overwhelming at times, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality to be overwhelming at times, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality to be overwhelming at times, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the content quality to be overwhelming at times, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the structured organization in this course, but I sometimes feel tired during long lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the structured organization in this course, but I sometimes feel tired during long lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the structured organization in this course, but I sometimes feel tired during long lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the structured organization in this course, but I sometimes feel tired during long lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I want the instructor to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I want the instructor to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I want the instructor to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I want the instructor to speak clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish the instructor would explain the content betterThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I wish the instructor would explain the content betterThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the instructor would explain the content betterThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I wish the instructor would explain the content betterThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I would prefer if the instructor focused more on the topicsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I would prefer if the instructor focused more on the topicsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I would prefer if the instructor focused more on the topicsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I would prefer if the instructor focused more on the topicsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Despite some challenges, I appreciate the passion [instructor] shows in trying to engage students during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Despite some challenges, I appreciate the passion [instructor] shows in trying to engage students during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Despite some challenges, I appreciate the passion [instructor] shows in trying to engage students during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Despite some challenges, I appreciate the passion [instructor] shows in trying to engage students during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content delivered in class feels repetitive, and I often find myself tuning out during presentations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content delivered in class feels repetitive, and I often find myself tuning out during presentations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content delivered in class feels repetitive, and I often find myself tuning out during presentations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content delivered in class feels repetitive, and I often find myself tuning out during presentations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While [instructor] struggles with organization and connection with students, I believe there is some value in the discussions we have.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While [instructor] struggles with organization and connection with students, I believe there is some value in the discussions we have.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While [instructor] struggles with organization and connection with students, I believe there is some value in the discussions we have.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [instructor] struggles with organization and connection with students, I believe there is some value in the discussions we have.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides explanations that are easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides explanations that are easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provides explanations that are easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides explanations that are easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor is knowledgeable, some topics were not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the instructor is knowledgeable, some topics were not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor is knowledgeable, some topics were not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor is knowledgeable, some topics were not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging, but sometimes the class runs over time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging, but sometimes the class runs over time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging, but sometimes the class runs over time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging, but sometimes the class runs over time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I struggle with the workload, the assignments do help in understanding the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I struggle with the workload, the assignments do help in understanding the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I struggle with the workload, the assignments do help in understanding the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I struggle with the workload, the assignments do help in understanding the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The group projects encourage teamwork, but they can be overwhelming with the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The group projects encourage teamwork, but they can be overwhelming with the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The group projects encourage teamwork, but they can be overwhelming with the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The group projects encourage teamwork, but they can be overwhelming with the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads are assigned, which helps us grasp the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloads are assigned, which helps us grasp the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many workloads are assigned, which helps us grasp the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloads are assigned, which helps us grasp the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads feel overwhelming and make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Many workloads feel overwhelming and make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many workloads feel overwhelming and make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many workloads feel overwhelming and make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads are manageable if we plan our time wisely.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Many workloads are manageable if we plan our time wisely.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many workloads are manageable if we plan our time wisely.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many workloads are manageable if we plan our time wisely.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciated how the instructor made the complex topics easy to understand, which motivated me to engage more with the course material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated how the instructor made the complex topics easy to understand, which motivated me to engage more with the course material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated how the instructor made the complex topics easy to understand, which motivated me to engage more with the course material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated how the instructor made the complex topics easy to understand, which motivated me to engage more with the course material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course felt overwhelming at times, and I struggled to keep up with the pace, which was frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the course felt overwhelming at times, and I struggled to keep up with the pace, which was frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content of the course felt overwhelming at times, and I struggled to keep up with the pace, which was frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the course felt overwhelming at times, and I struggled to keep up with the pace, which was frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Despite the challenges, I found the course content to be interesting, and it taught me valuable skills for my future career.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Despite the challenges, I found the course content to be interesting, and it taught me valuable skills for my future career.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Despite the challenges, I found the course content to be interesting, and it taught me valuable skills for my future career.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Despite the challenges, I found the course content to be interesting, and it taught me valuable skills for my future career.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's fantastic that the instructor encourages group collaboration and supports students in forming their own groups.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's fantastic that the instructor encourages group collaboration and supports students in forming their own groups.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's fantastic that the instructor encourages group collaboration and supports students in forming their own groups.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
It's fantastic that the instructor encourages group collaboration and supports students in forming their own groups.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality is often confusing, making it hard for students to find groups, which can be quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality is often confusing, making it hard for students to find groups, which can be quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality is often confusing, making it hard for students to find groups, which can be quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality is often confusing, making it hard for students to find groups, which can be quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to explain the content, but some students still struggle to connect with peers for group projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to explain the content, but some students still struggle to connect with peers for group projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to explain the content, but some students still struggle to connect with peers for group projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to explain the content, but some students still struggle to connect with peers for group projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your enthusiasm for the subject made class enjoyable!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your enthusiasm for the subject made class enjoyable!The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your enthusiasm for the subject made class enjoyable!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your enthusiasm for the subject made class enjoyable!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials were often confusing, but I still learned a lot.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials were often confusing, but I still learned a lot.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course materials were often confusing, but I still learned a lot.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course materials were often confusing, but I still learned a lot.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel like class discussions sometimes went off-topic; we could use better structure.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel like class discussions sometimes went off-topic; we could use better structure.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel like class discussions sometimes went off-topic; we could use better structure.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel like class discussions sometimes went off-topic; we could use better structure.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's enthusiasm really helps to keep me engaged during the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's enthusiasm really helps to keep me engaged during the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's enthusiasm really helps to keep me engaged during the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's enthusiasm really helps to keep me engaged during the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of material presented without a break.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of material presented without a break.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of material presented without a break.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of material presented without a break.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish there were more practical examples to help understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish there were more practical examples to help understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish there were more practical examples to help understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish there were more practical examples to help understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provided clear guidelines that helped us understand the project requirements better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided clear guidelines that helped us understand the project requirements better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provided clear guidelines that helped us understand the project requirements better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provided clear guidelines that helped us understand the project requirements better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the project was challenging, it greatly improved my skills and understanding of the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the project was challenging, it greatly improved my skills and understanding of the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the project was challenging, it greatly improved my skills and understanding of the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the project was challenging, it greatly improved my skills and understanding of the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the project load during examination week, making it difficult to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the project load during examination week, making it difficult to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt overwhelmed by the project load during examination week, making it difficult to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt overwhelmed by the project load during examination week, making it difficult to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
This course is engaging and the instructor is helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This course is engaging and the instructor is helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
This course is engaging and the instructor is helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is engaging and the instructor is helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is boring and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is boring and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is boring and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is boring and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I learned a lot, but the classes often start late.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I learned a lot, but the classes often start late.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I learned a lot, but the classes often start late.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I learned a lot, but the classes often start late.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher gives a snack when resting during the class and asking students if they can do it or not.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the teacher provides snacks, some students feel that the class time is not used wisely.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the teacher provides snacks, some students feel that the class time is not used wisely.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Although the teacher provides snacks, some students feel that the class time is not used wisely.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the teacher provides snacks, some students feel that the class time is not used wisely.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Most students appreciate the snacks, but they wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Most students appreciate the snacks, but they wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Most students appreciate the snacks, but they wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Most students appreciate the snacks, but they wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides good support.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides good support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides good support.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides good support.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the engaging quality of the course materials, but I feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the engaging quality of the course materials, but I feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the engaging quality of the course materials, but I feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the engaging quality of the course materials, but I feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The workload is manageable if we plan our time well, but I wish there were fewer assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The workload is manageable if we plan our time well, but I wish there were fewer assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The workload is manageable if we plan our time well, but I wish there were fewer assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The workload is manageable if we plan our time well, but I wish there were fewer assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While your teaching styles made sense, the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While your teaching styles made sense, the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While your teaching styles made sense, the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While your teaching styles made sense, the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The way you teach is clear, but sometimes the classes run too long.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The way you teach is clear, but sometimes the classes run too long.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The way you teach is clear, but sometimes the classes run too long.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The way you teach is clear, but sometimes the classes run too long.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content to be quite disorganized, making it hard to follow along during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found the content to be quite disorganized, making it hard to follow along during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content to be quite disorganized, making it hard to follow along during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the content to be quite disorganized, making it hard to follow along during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course has a good structure, but the instructor could increase engagement during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course has a good structure, but the instructor could increase engagement during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course has a good structure, but the instructor could increase engagement during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course has a good structure, but the instructor could increase engagement during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He always made the class engaging, and I enjoyed learning from him.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He always made the class engaging, and I enjoyed learning from him.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
He always made the class engaging, and I enjoyed learning from him.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He always made the class engaging, and I enjoyed learning from him.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The material was often confusing and lacked structure, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The material was often confusing and lacked structure, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The material was often confusing and lacked structure, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The material was often confusing and lacked structure, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He usually handed back assignments on time, which helped me manage my schedule better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
He usually handed back assignments on time, which helped me manage my schedule better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He usually handed back assignments on time, which helped me manage my schedule better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He usually handed back assignments on time, which helped me manage my schedule better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor makes the material engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor makes the material engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor makes the material engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor makes the material engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is very challenging, which sometimes makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is very challenging, which sometimes makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is very challenging, which sometimes makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is very challenging, which sometimes makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the organization skills the instructor teaches, helping us to plan our study better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the organization skills the instructor teaches, helping us to plan our study better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the organization skills the instructor teaches, helping us to plan our study better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the organization skills the instructor teaches, helping us to plan our study better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While the teacher offers snacks, some students feel distracted and find it hard to focus on the lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the teacher offers snacks, some students feel distracted and find it hard to focus on the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the teacher offers snacks, some students feel distracted and find it hard to focus on the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the teacher offers snacks, some students feel distracted and find it hard to focus on the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher's snacks provide a nice break, helping everyone stay motivated for the next session even though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's snacks provide a nice break, helping everyone stay motivated for the next session even though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher's snacks provide a nice break, helping everyone stay motivated for the next session even though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's snacks provide a nice break, helping everyone stay motivated for the next session even though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The class was engaging, but the instructor could improve on organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The class was engaging, but the instructor could improve on organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The class was engaging, but the instructor could improve on organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The class was engaging, but the instructor could improve on organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj. always explains the course material clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj. always explains the course material clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj. always explains the course material clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. always explains the course material clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While Aj. is friendly, the class sometimes feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While Aj. is friendly, the class sometimes feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While Aj. is friendly, the class sometimes feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While Aj. is friendly, the class sometimes feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj. encourages us, but the course could use more examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj. encourages us, but the course could use more examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj. encourages us, but the course could use more examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Aj. encourages us, but the course could use more examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor engages with the students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor engages with the students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor engages with the students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor engages with the students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was often confusing, and it felt like we didn't cover everything on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was often confusing, and it felt like we didn't cover everything on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often confusing, and it felt like we didn't cover everything on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was often confusing, and it felt like we didn't cover everything on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the motivation from the instructor really helped us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the motivation from the instructor really helped us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the motivation from the instructor really helped us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the motivation from the instructor really helped us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is often confusing and lacks real-world application.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is often confusing and lacks real-world application.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is often confusing and lacks real-world application.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is often confusing and lacks real-world application.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are well-organized, but the instructor sometimes rushes through topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are well-organized, but the instructor sometimes rushes through topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are well-organized, but the instructor sometimes rushes through topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are well-organized, but the instructor sometimes rushes through topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The material was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The material was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The material was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The material was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel motivated to learn more in this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn more in this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to learn more in this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn more in this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The professor always provides clear instructions and is very understanding when students face challenges.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The professor always provides clear instructions and is very understanding when students face challenges.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The professor always provides clear instructions and is very understanding when students face challenges.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The professor always provides clear instructions and is very understanding when students face challenges.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I often find the content too difficult and feel demotivated because of the lack of support provided.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I often find the content too difficult and feel demotivated because of the lack of support provided.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I often find the content too difficult and feel demotivated because of the lack of support provided.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I often find the content too difficult and feel demotivated because of the lack of support provided.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The professor is great at engaging students in discussions but sometimes the homework deadlines feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The professor is great at engaging students in discussions but sometimes the homework deadlines feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The professor is great at engaging students in discussions but sometimes the homework deadlines feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The professor is great at engaging students in discussions but sometimes the homework deadlines feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher provides helpful feedback, but they often speak too quickly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher provides helpful feedback, but they often speak too quickly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher provides helpful feedback, but they often speak too quickly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher provides helpful feedback, but they often speak too quickly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the clear assignments, but the teacher’s lectures can be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I appreciate the clear assignments, but the teacher’s lectures can be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the clear assignments, but the teacher’s lectures can be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the clear assignments, but the teacher’s lectures can be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course is interesting, but I wish the instructor would engage us more actively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content of the course is interesting, but I wish the instructor would engage us more actively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is interesting, but I wish the instructor would engage us more actively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the course is interesting, but I wish the instructor would engage us more actively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course, I feel that the instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course, I feel that the instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course, I feel that the instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
From the experience of studying the first five weeks of this course, I feel that the instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content quality is rich and engaging, I sometimes find it challenging to stay motivated due to the pressure of deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content quality is rich and engaging, I sometimes find it challenging to stay motivated due to the pressure of deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content quality is rich and engaging, I sometimes find it challenging to stay motivated due to the pressure of deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content quality is rich and engaging, I sometimes find it challenging to stay motivated due to the pressure of deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the overall structure of the course, but I think we need more time to work on the projects effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the overall structure of the course, but I think we need more time to work on the projects effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the overall structure of the course, but I think we need more time to work on the projects effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the overall structure of the course, but I think we need more time to work on the projects effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explains the material very well, but the content feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the material very well, but the content feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor explains the material very well, but the content feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the material very well, but the content feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how organized the lessons are, even though I find the topics quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how organized the lessons are, even though I find the topics quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how organized the lessons are, even though I find the topics quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how organized the lessons are, even though I find the topics quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While I believe I can eventually grasp the lessons, the pacing seems a bit rushed for my liking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I believe I can eventually grasp the lessons, the pacing seems a bit rushed for my liking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I believe I can eventually grasp the lessons, the pacing seems a bit rushed for my liking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I believe I can eventually grasp the lessons, the pacing seems a bit rushed for my liking.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj. is approachable and friendly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj. is approachable and friendly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Aj. is approachable and friendly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Aj. is approachable and friendly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While Aj. is nice, the course content could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While Aj. is nice, the course content could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While Aj. is nice, the course content could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While Aj. is nice, the course content could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate Aj.'s effort but sometimes struggled to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate Aj.'s effort but sometimes struggled to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate Aj.'s effort but sometimes struggled to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate Aj.'s effort but sometimes struggled to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate [instructor]'s flexibility, but sometimes the content lacks depthThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate [instructor]'s flexibility, but sometimes the content lacks depthThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate [instructor]'s flexibility, but sometimes the content lacks depthThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate [instructor]'s flexibility, but sometimes the content lacks depthThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] is okay but doesn't engage us enough, and the course material can be quite boringThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[Instructor] is okay but doesn't engage us enough, and the course material can be quite boringThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
[Instructor] is okay but doesn't engage us enough, and the course material can be quite boringThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
[Instructor] is okay but doesn't engage us enough, and the course material can be quite boringThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and feel they take too much time away from studying other subjects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and feel they take too much time away from studying other subjects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and feel they take too much time away from studying other subjects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and feel they take too much time away from studying other subjects.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments in [System] are okay, but I wish they connected more with real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments in [System] are okay, but I wish they connected more with real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The assignments in [System] are okay, but I wish they connected more with real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments in [System] are okay, but I wish they connected more with real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provides great guidance, but the assignments feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides great guidance, but the assignments feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor provides great guidance, but the assignments feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides great guidance, but the assignments feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, and the instructor makes it engaging, although there is too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course content is interesting, and the instructor makes it engaging, although there is too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, and the instructor makes it engaging, although there is too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, and the instructor makes it engaging, although there is too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, but I struggled with managing my time due to the excessive workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, but I struggled with managing my time due to the excessive workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, but I struggled with managing my time due to the excessive workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, but I struggled with managing my time due to the excessive workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher's approach to explaining difficult concepts was very helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's approach to explaining difficult concepts was very helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher's approach to explaining difficult concepts was very helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's approach to explaining difficult concepts was very helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the coursework and the materials provided.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the coursework and the materials provided.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the coursework and the materials provided.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the coursework and the materials provided.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course was poorly organized, and sometimes it felt like the teacher was rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course was poorly organized, and sometimes it felt like the teacher was rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course was poorly organized, and sometimes it felt like the teacher was rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course was poorly organized, and sometimes it felt like the teacher was rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and provides great insights on the topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and provides great insights on the topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and provides great insights on the topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and provides great insights on the topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is outdated and doesn’t seem relevant to today’s industry needs.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is outdated and doesn’t seem relevant to today’s industry needs.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is outdated and doesn’t seem relevant to today’s industry needs.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is outdated and doesn’t seem relevant to today’s industry needs.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Even though the teacher's voice is soft, I appreciate the effort they put into making the lessons engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Even though the teacher's voice is soft, I appreciate the effort they put into making the lessons engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Even though the teacher's voice is soft, I appreciate the effort they put into making the lessons engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Even though the teacher's voice is soft, I appreciate the effort they put into making the lessons engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor always encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor always encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor always encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor always encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up and truly understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the content too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up and truly understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up and truly understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the content too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up and truly understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher is quite helpful, but I wish we could spend more time on the new topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is quite helpful, but I wish we could spend more time on the new topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is quite helpful, but I wish we could spend more time on the new topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher is quite helpful, but I wish we could spend more time on the new topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While TA is very efficient, I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While TA is very efficient, I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While TA is very efficient, I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While TA is very efficient, I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The course content is interesting, but it feels rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but it feels rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but it feels rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but it feels rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content quality is excellent and very engagingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content quality is excellent and very engagingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content quality is excellent and very engagingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content quality is excellent and very engagingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topic in cybersecurity, and ethical hacking is very difficult. I often feel lost in the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Advanced topic in cybersecurity, and ethical hacking is very difficult. I often feel lost in the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Advanced topic in cybersecurity, and ethical hacking is very difficult. I often feel lost in the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in cybersecurity, and ethical hacking is very difficult. I often feel lost in the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor has a good heart and genuinely cares about students, which makes the class a pleasant experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has a good heart and genuinely cares about students, which makes the class a pleasant experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has a good heart and genuinely cares about students, which makes the class a pleasant experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has a good heart and genuinely cares about students, which makes the class a pleasant experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the content covered in class was interesting, it often felt rushed and left many students struggling to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the content covered in class was interesting, it often felt rushed and left many students struggling to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the content covered in class was interesting, it often felt rushed and left many students struggling to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the content covered in class was interesting, it often felt rushed and left many students struggling to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the motivational support given by the instructor, but I believe the projects could be better aligned with the lectures to help students succeed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the motivational support given by the instructor, but I believe the projects could be better aligned with the lectures to help students succeed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the motivational support given by the instructor, but I believe the projects could be better aligned with the lectures to help students succeed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the motivational support given by the instructor, but I believe the projects could be better aligned with the lectures to help students succeed.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He is very approachable and always ready to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is very approachable and always ready to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He is very approachable and always ready to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He is very approachable and always ready to help students with their questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it challenging to stay engaged in the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it challenging to stay engaged in the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it challenging to stay engaged in the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it challenging to stay engaged in the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While he tries to motivate us, the lectures often lack the depth needed to grasp the concepts fully.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While he tries to motivate us, the lectures often lack the depth needed to grasp the concepts fully.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While he tries to motivate us, the lectures often lack the depth needed to grasp the concepts fully.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While he tries to motivate us, the lectures often lack the depth needed to grasp the concepts fully.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
His explanations in English can be hard to follow at times, but he is very engaging in Thai.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
His explanations in English can be hard to follow at times, but he is very engaging in Thai.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
His explanations in English can be hard to follow at times, but he is very engaging in Thai.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
His explanations in English can be hard to follow at times, but he is very engaging in Thai.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although he teaches well, the course materials lack depth and clarity, making it challenging to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although he teaches well, the course materials lack depth and clarity, making it challenging to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although he teaches well, the course materials lack depth and clarity, making it challenging to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Although he teaches well, the course materials lack depth and clarity, making it challenging to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course is well-structured, and he delivers lectures smoothly, although some students find his English explanations lacking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course is well-structured, and he delivers lectures smoothly, although some students find his English explanations lacking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course is well-structured, and he delivers lectures smoothly, although some students find his English explanations lacking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course is well-structured, and he delivers lectures smoothly, although some students find his English explanations lacking.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as Programming) but my instructor was very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as Programming) but my instructor was very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as Programming) but my instructor was very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I think changing to other studies should be more useful (such as Programming) but my instructor was very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe switching to other courses, like Data Science, would be better, especially since the course content was quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I believe switching to other courses, like Data Science, would be better, especially since the course content was quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I believe switching to other courses, like Data Science, would be better, especially since the course content was quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe switching to other courses, like Data Science, would be better, especially since the course content was quite challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that transitioning to other studies could help, though the instructor provided excellent support throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel that transitioning to other studies could help, though the instructor provided excellent support throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel that transitioning to other studies could help, though the instructor provided excellent support throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that transitioning to other studies could help, though the instructor provided excellent support throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the instructor gave us some helpful feedback, but the content quality was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor gave us some helpful feedback, but the content quality was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the instructor gave us some helpful feedback, but the content quality was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor gave us some helpful feedback, but the content quality was sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very motivating, and I appreciated the quality of the content, yet I struggled with organization throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very motivating, and I appreciated the quality of the content, yet I struggled with organization throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very motivating, and I appreciated the quality of the content, yet I struggled with organization throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very motivating, and I appreciated the quality of the content, yet I struggled with organization throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt that the instructor's comments were fair, but the content quality did not meet my expectations, which affected my motivation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that the instructor's comments were fair, but the content quality did not meet my expectations, which affected my motivation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt that the instructor's comments were fair, but the content quality did not meet my expectations, which affected my motivation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt that the instructor's comments were fair, but the content quality did not meet my expectations, which affected my motivation.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are overwhelming but the course content is interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are overwhelming but the course content is interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are overwhelming but the course content is interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The assignments are overwhelming but the course content is interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the useful feedback from the professor, but I wish there were fewer projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the useful feedback from the professor, but I wish there were fewer projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the useful feedback from the professor, but I wish there were fewer projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the useful feedback from the professor, but I wish there were fewer projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to learn, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to learn, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to learn, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to learn, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn's advice is helpful, yet the course often feels rushed and lacks focus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn's advice is helpful, yet the course often feels rushed and lacks focus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn's advice is helpful, yet the course often feels rushed and lacks focus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Ajarn's advice is helpful, yet the course often feels rushed and lacks focus.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the material engaging, but I wish Ajarn would give more timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the material engaging, but I wish Ajarn would give more timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the material engaging, but I wish Ajarn would give more timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the material engaging, but I wish Ajarn would give more timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor made the subject interesting and engaging despite its perceived uselessness.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the subject interesting and engaging despite its perceived uselessness.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor made the subject interesting and engaging despite its perceived uselessness.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made the subject interesting and engaging despite its perceived uselessness.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality of the course was often irrelevant and did not align with our needs in the field.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality of the course was often irrelevant and did not align with our needs in the field.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality of the course was often irrelevant and did not align with our needs in the field.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality of the course was often irrelevant and did not align with our needs in the field.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While some parts of the course felt unnecessary, I appreciated the way the instructor managed our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While some parts of the course felt unnecessary, I appreciated the way the instructor managed our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While some parts of the course felt unnecessary, I appreciated the way the instructor managed our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While some parts of the course felt unnecessary, I appreciated the way the instructor managed our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's engaging style and innovative teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's engaging style and innovative teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's engaging style and innovative teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's engaging style and innovative teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course is well-organized, but I often feel overwhelmed by the volume of content to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course is well-organized, but I often feel overwhelmed by the volume of content to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course is well-organized, but I often feel overwhelmed by the volume of content to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course is well-organized, but I often feel overwhelmed by the volume of content to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish the teacher would give us more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish the teacher would give us more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish the teacher would give us more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish the teacher would give us more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable about the subject, which inspires us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable about the subject, which inspires us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable about the subject, which inspires us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable about the subject, which inspires us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The project guidelines were clear, but the late release made it hard to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project guidelines were clear, but the late release made it hard to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The project guidelines were clear, but the late release made it hard to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The project guidelines were clear, but the late release made it hard to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the lectures, even if the project was given late.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the lectures, even if the project was given late.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the lectures, even if the project was given late.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the lectures, even if the project was given late.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor makes the lectures engaging and lively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor makes the lectures engaging and lively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor makes the lectures engaging and lively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor makes the lectures engaging and lively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is often repetitive and lacks depth, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is often repetitive and lacks depth, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is often repetitive and lacks depth, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content is often repetitive and lacks depth, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
organization is excellent, allowing students adequate time to grasp the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
organization is excellent, allowing students adequate time to grasp the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
organization is excellent, allowing students adequate time to grasp the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
organization is excellent, allowing students adequate time to grasp the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I really appreciated the way you explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciated the way you explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciated the way you explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciated the way you explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often confusing and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt inspired by your passion for the subject, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I felt inspired by your passion for the subject, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I felt inspired by your passion for the subject, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I felt inspired by your passion for the subject, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was often confusing and lacked structure.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was often confusing and lacked structure.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often confusing and lacked structure.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was often confusing and lacked structure.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are useful, but I wish the instructor would provide more examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are useful, but I wish the instructor would provide more examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are useful, but I wish the instructor would provide more examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are useful, but I wish the instructor would provide more examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt that the course content was boring and repetitive at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that the course content was boring and repetitive at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt that the course content was boring and repetitive at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt that the course content was boring and repetitive at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The organization of the classes was decent, but it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The organization of the classes was decent, but it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The organization of the classes was decent, but it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The organization of the classes was decent, but it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; it helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Continue with this teaching method; it helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; it helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Continue with this teaching method; it helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I wish the instructor would change the teaching method because it feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I wish the instructor would change the teaching method because it feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the instructor would change the teaching method because it feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I wish the instructor would change the teaching method because it feels unorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
This teaching method is fine, but I would appreciate more interactive content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This teaching method is fine, but I would appreciate more interactive content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This teaching method is fine, but I would appreciate more interactive content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This teaching method is fine, but I would appreciate more interactive content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps in managing the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps in managing the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps in managing the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps in managing the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of work expected to be completed in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of work expected to be completed in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of work expected to be completed in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of work expected to be completed in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, but the tight deadlines can be challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but the tight deadlines can be challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but the tight deadlines can be challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but the tight deadlines can be challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provided clear explanations on how to handle software installation, which really helped me understand the process better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided clear explanations on how to handle software installation, which really helped me understand the process better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provided clear explanations on how to handle software installation, which really helped me understand the process better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provided clear explanations on how to handle software installation, which really helped me understand the process better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was sometimes confusing, especially when trying to follow along with the software installation steps, making it frustrating at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was sometimes confusing, especially when trying to follow along with the software installation steps, making it frustrating at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was sometimes confusing, especially when trying to follow along with the software installation steps, making it frustrating at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was sometimes confusing, especially when trying to follow along with the software installation steps, making it frustrating at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort made in class to discuss problems we face with software, it keeps me motivated to explore more tech solutions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort made in class to discuss problems we face with software, it keeps me motivated to explore more tech solutions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort made in class to discuss problems we face with software, it keeps me motivated to explore more tech solutions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort made in class to discuss problems we face with software, it keeps me motivated to explore more tech solutions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructors take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructors take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructors take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructors take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The grading system seems unfair and often causes frustration among students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The grading system seems unfair and often causes frustration among students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The grading system seems unfair and often causes frustration among students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The grading system seems unfair and often causes frustration among students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After midterm, the instructor's knowledge is impressive, and he genuinely wants us to learn, though his teaching method is difficult to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
After midterm, the instructor's knowledge is impressive, and he genuinely wants us to learn, though his teaching method is difficult to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
After midterm, the instructor's knowledge is impressive, and he genuinely wants us to learn, though his teaching method is difficult to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
After midterm, the instructor's knowledge is impressive, and he genuinely wants us to learn, though his teaching method is difficult to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
After midterm, many students find the instructor unapproachable, making it hard to ask for help and causing frustration during assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
After midterm, many students find the instructor unapproachable, making it hard to ask for help and causing frustration during assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
After midterm, many students find the instructor unapproachable, making it hard to ask for help and causing frustration during assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After midterm, many students find the instructor unapproachable, making it hard to ask for help and causing frustration during assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After midterm, the instructor provides useful materials, but it would be better if he could explain the content in simpler terms for better comprehension.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
After midterm, the instructor provides useful materials, but it would be better if he could explain the content in simpler terms for better comprehension.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
After midterm, the instructor provides useful materials, but it would be better if he could explain the content in simpler terms for better comprehension.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After midterm, the instructor provides useful materials, but it would be better if he could explain the content in simpler terms for better comprehension.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content quite relevant and applicable to our future jobs.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quite relevant and applicable to our future jobs.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the content quite relevant and applicable to our future jobs.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the content quite relevant and applicable to our future jobs.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course could use better organization, but some topics were interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course could use better organization, but some topics were interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course could use better organization, but some topics were interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course could use better organization, but some topics were interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I struggled with some of the coding concepts, I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject, which kept me motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I struggled with some of the coding concepts, I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject, which kept me motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I struggled with some of the coding concepts, I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject, which kept me motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I struggled with some of the coding concepts, I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject, which kept me motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality was sometimes overwhelming, and I often felt lost, but I do find the overall structure of the course helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality was sometimes overwhelming, and I often felt lost, but I do find the overall structure of the course helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality was sometimes overwhelming, and I often felt lost, but I do find the overall structure of the course helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality was sometimes overwhelming, and I often felt lost, but I do find the overall structure of the course helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I wished the instructor provided more examples, as it would have made the tough topics easier to grasp, but I really enjoyed the course material overall.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I wished the instructor provided more examples, as it would have made the tough topics easier to grasp, but I really enjoyed the course material overall.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I wished the instructor provided more examples, as it would have made the tough topics easier to grasp, but I really enjoyed the course material overall.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I wished the instructor provided more examples, as it would have made the tough topics easier to grasp, but I really enjoyed the course material overall.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Love the way you taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching style.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your lectures are okay, but I wish you managed the time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your lectures are okay, but I wish you managed the time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your lectures are okay, but I wish you managed the time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your lectures are okay, but I wish you managed the time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your assignments are interesting and help me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your assignments are interesting and help me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your assignments are interesting and help me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your assignments are interesting and help me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find your lectures hard to follow, and the assignments seem overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find your lectures hard to follow, and the assignments seem overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find your lectures hard to follow, and the assignments seem overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find your lectures hard to follow, and the assignments seem overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is good, but sometimes I feel like more examples would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is good, but sometimes I feel like more examples would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is good, but sometimes I feel like more examples would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is good, but sometimes I feel like more examples would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor always makes sure that everyone understands the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always makes sure that everyone understands the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor always makes sure that everyone understands the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always makes sure that everyone understands the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The course content felt a bit overwhelming at times and could use more clarity.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content felt a bit overwhelming at times and could use more clarity.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content felt a bit overwhelming at times and could use more clarity.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content felt a bit overwhelming at times and could use more clarity.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor manages our time during lectures to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor manages our time during lectures to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor manages our time during lectures to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor manages our time during lectures to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
U's teaching approach made the classes much more engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
U's teaching approach made the classes much more engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
U's teaching approach made the classes much more engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
U's teaching approach made the classes much more engaging and easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content felt too complex and not tailored for us, which made learning difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content felt too complex and not tailored for us, which made learning difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content felt too complex and not tailored for us, which made learning difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content felt too complex and not tailored for us, which made learning difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort to include various examples, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort to include various examples, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort to include various examples, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort to include various examples, but sometimes the classes ran too long.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explains the material very well, which makes studying more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the material very well, which makes studying more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explains the material very well, which makes studying more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor explains the material very well, which makes studying more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I often feel lost in this course due to the lack of practice exams, but the content is still interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I often feel lost in this course due to the lack of practice exams, but the content is still interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I often feel lost in this course due to the lack of practice exams, but the content is still interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I often feel lost in this course due to the lack of practice exams, but the content is still interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate that there are enough resources provided to manage my time effectively, even though I wish we had more hours for this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate that there are enough resources provided to manage my time effectively, even though I wish we had more hours for this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate that there are enough resources provided to manage my time effectively, even though I wish we had more hours for this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that there are enough resources provided to manage my time effectively, even though I wish we had more hours for this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I enjoy how engaging the instructor is during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoy how engaging the instructor is during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I enjoy how engaging the instructor is during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I enjoy how engaging the instructor is during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the teacher is friendly, I find the content to be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the teacher is friendly, I find the content to be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the teacher is friendly, I find the content to be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the teacher is friendly, I find the content to be a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The class schedule is well-organized, but I wish the teacher would give more feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The class schedule is well-organized, but I wish the teacher would give more feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The class schedule is well-organized, but I wish the teacher would give more feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The class schedule is well-organized, but I wish the teacher would give more feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher's teaching style is engaging and really helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's teaching style is engaging and really helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher's teaching style is engaging and really helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's teaching style is engaging and really helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information I have to repeat while others seem to get it quickly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information I have to repeat while others seem to get it quickly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information I have to repeat while others seem to get it quickly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information I have to repeat while others seem to get it quickly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It's nice to have a consistent teaching style, but I wish there was more time for practice and application of the concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It's nice to have a consistent teaching style, but I wish there was more time for practice and application of the concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It's nice to have a consistent teaching style, but I wish there was more time for practice and application of the concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's nice to have a consistent teaching style, but I wish there was more time for practice and application of the concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's teaching style really engaged us and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's teaching style really engaged us and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's teaching style really engaged us and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's teaching style really engaged us and made learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was too complicated and often confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course material was too complicated and often confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material was too complicated and often confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material was too complicated and often confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort to present information in a clearer way, but it sometimes felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort to present information in a clearer way, but it sometimes felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort to present information in a clearer way, but it sometimes felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort to present information in a clearer way, but it sometimes felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make the course engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make the course engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make the course engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make the course engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The exam felt too intense, and I wished for more assignments instead.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The exam felt too intense, and I wished for more assignments instead.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The exam felt too intense, and I wished for more assignments instead.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The exam felt too intense, and I wished for more assignments instead.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content was well-organized, which helped me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was well-organized, which helped me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content was well-organized, which helped me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The content was well-organized, which helped me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some of the assignments are confusing, but I think they help us learn more effectively over time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some of the assignments are confusing, but I think they help us learn more effectively over time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some of the assignments are confusing, but I think they help us learn more effectively over time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Some of the assignments are confusing, but I think they help us learn more effectively over time.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While the course materials can be challenging, I appreciate how the instructor tries to make complex concepts simpler.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the course materials can be challenging, I appreciate how the instructor tries to make complex concepts simpler.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the course materials can be challenging, I appreciate how the instructor tries to make complex concepts simpler.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the course materials can be challenging, I appreciate how the instructor tries to make complex concepts simpler.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made me want to learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made me want to learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made me want to learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made me want to learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials were excellent, but I often felt rushed during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials were excellent, but I often felt rushed during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials were excellent, but I often felt rushed during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials were excellent, but I often felt rushed during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the content was interesting, I sometimes wished for more examples to clarify concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I sometimes wished for more examples to clarify concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I sometimes wished for more examples to clarify concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the content was interesting, I sometimes wished for more examples to clarify concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although I find 1.2 hours of consecutive studying to be a lot, the instructor makes the content engaging and easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although I find 1.2 hours of consecutive studying to be a lot, the instructor makes the content engaging and easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although I find 1.2 hours of consecutive studying to be a lot, the instructor makes the content engaging and easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although I find 1.2 hours of consecutive studying to be a lot, the instructor makes the content engaging and easy to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I struggle to stay focused during long sessions, and I think the content could be more interactive to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I struggle to stay focused during long sessions, and I think the content could be more interactive to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I struggle to stay focused during long sessions, and I think the content could be more interactive to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I struggle to stay focused during long sessions, and I think the content could be more interactive to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the organization in this course, but I still feel like I need more breaks to recharge my motivation during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the organization in this course, but I still feel like I need more breaks to recharge my motivation during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the organization in this course, but I still feel like I need more breaks to recharge my motivation during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the organization in this course, but I still feel like I need more breaks to recharge my motivation during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I really enjoy the course, and the lectures are very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoy the course, and the lectures are very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really enjoy the course, and the lectures are very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really enjoy the course, and the lectures are very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course is interesting, but I feel that Aj could improve his organization skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the course is interesting, but I feel that Aj could improve his organization skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is interesting, but I feel that Aj could improve his organization skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content of the course is interesting, but I feel that Aj could improve his organization skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I appreciate some aspects of the course, I'm not very motivated to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciate some aspects of the course, I'm not very motivated to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I appreciate some aspects of the course, I'm not very motivated to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I appreciate some aspects of the course, I'm not very motivated to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that [instructor] is open to feedback, but their lectures sometimes lack depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that [instructor] is open to feedback, but their lectures sometimes lack depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate that [instructor] is open to feedback, but their lectures sometimes lack depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that [instructor] is open to feedback, but their lectures sometimes lack depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While [instructor] is friendly and approachable, I wish the course materials were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While [instructor] is friendly and approachable, I wish the course materials were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While [instructor] is friendly and approachable, I wish the course materials were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [instructor] is friendly and approachable, I wish the course materials were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor tries hard to make the lessons engaging, but the content sometimes lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor tries hard to make the lessons engaging, but the content sometimes lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor tries hard to make the lessons engaging, but the content sometimes lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor tries hard to make the lessons engaging, but the content sometimes lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the detailed feedback from the instructor, but I often find the content to be repetitive and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the detailed feedback from the instructor, but I often find the content to be repetitive and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the detailed feedback from the instructor, but I often find the content to be repetitive and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the detailed feedback from the instructor, but I often find the content to be repetitive and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is well-structured and the instructor is very knowledgeable, although sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The content is well-structured and the instructor is very knowledgeable, although sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is well-structured and the instructor is very knowledgeable, although sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is well-structured and the instructor is very knowledgeable, although sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains the complex topics clearly, which makes it easier to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains the complex topics clearly, which makes it easier to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains the complex topics clearly, which makes it easier to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains the complex topics clearly, which makes it easier to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is quite challenging, and I often feel overwhelmed, but I believe with more practice, it could become easier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is quite challenging, and I often feel overwhelmed, but I believe with more practice, it could become easier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is quite challenging, and I often feel overwhelmed, but I believe with more practice, it could become easier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is quite challenging, and I often feel overwhelmed, but I believe with more practice, it could become easier.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is supportive and encourages us, which keeps me motivated even if the lesson is tough.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is supportive and encourages us, which keeps me motivated even if the lesson is tough.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is supportive and encourages us, which keeps me motivated even if the lesson is tough.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is supportive and encourages us, which keeps me motivated even if the lesson is tough.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor provides clear explanations for complex topics, it really helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor provides clear explanations for complex topics, it really helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor provides clear explanations for complex topics, it really helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor provides clear explanations for complex topics, it really helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality of the course is sometimes too overwhelming, making it hard to keep up with everything we need to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality of the course is sometimes too overwhelming, making it hard to keep up with everything we need to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality of the course is sometimes too overwhelming, making it hard to keep up with everything we need to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality of the course is sometimes too overwhelming, making it hard to keep up with everything we need to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated by the interactive sessions and engaging discussions that take place during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel motivated by the interactive sessions and engaging discussions that take place during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated by the interactive sessions and engaging discussions that take place during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated by the interactive sessions and engaging discussions that take place during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if the instructor could clarify the use of software in our activity document.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It would be great if the instructor could clarify the use of software in our activity document.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be great if the instructor could clarify the use of software in our activity document.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be great if the instructor could clarify the use of software in our activity document.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor has kept us engaged and motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor has kept us engaged and motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor has kept us engaged and motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor has kept us engaged and motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality is sometimes confusing, especially when it comes to the relationship between schematic and software terms.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality is sometimes confusing, especially when it comes to the relationship between schematic and software terms.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality is sometimes confusing, especially when it comes to the relationship between schematic and software terms.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality is sometimes confusing, especially when it comes to the relationship between schematic and software terms.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is really engaging and makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is really engaging and makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is really engaging and makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is really engaging and makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the lecture content to be a bit overwhelming at times, which can make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the lecture content to be a bit overwhelming at times, which can make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the lecture content to be a bit overwhelming at times, which can make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the lecture content to be a bit overwhelming at times, which can make it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor gives us clear guidelines, but sometimes our assignments are not graded in a timely manner.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor gives us clear guidelines, but sometimes our assignments are not graded in a timely manner.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor gives us clear guidelines, but sometimes our assignments are not graded in a timely manner.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor gives us clear guidelines, but sometimes our assignments are not graded in a timely manner.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I loved your enthusiasm and how you engaged us in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I loved your enthusiasm and how you engaged us in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I loved your enthusiasm and how you engaged us in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I loved your enthusiasm and how you engaged us in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures were informative, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures were informative, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures were informative, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures were informative, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
You provided interesting materials, but I think the class could use more interactive elements.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
You provided interesting materials, but I think the class could use more interactive elements.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
You provided interesting materials, but I think the class could use more interactive elements.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
You provided interesting materials, but I think the class could use more interactive elements.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's approach to making assignments challenging, but I still prefer more homework than exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's approach to making assignments challenging, but I still prefer more homework than exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's approach to making assignments challenging, but I still prefer more homework than exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's approach to making assignments challenging, but I still prefer more homework than exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, but the exam structure could use improvement; I would prefer practical work over exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but the exam structure could use improvement; I would prefer practical work over exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but the exam structure could use improvement; I would prefer practical work over exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is interesting, but the exam structure could use improvement; I would prefer practical work over exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I understand the need for exams, I feel more motivated when completing hands-on projects instead.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I understand the need for exams, I feel more motivated when completing hands-on projects instead.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I understand the need for exams, I feel more motivated when completing hands-on projects instead.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I understand the need for exams, I feel more motivated when completing hands-on projects instead.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and is very helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content is challenging, but it definitely keeps me engaged and motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is challenging, but it definitely keeps me engaged and motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is challenging, but it definitely keeps me engaged and motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The content is challenging, but it definitely keeps me engaged and motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into crafting the quiz, but the time limits make it really stressful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into crafting the quiz, but the time limits make it really stressful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into crafting the quiz, but the time limits make it really stressful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into crafting the quiz, but the time limits make it really stressful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher is very good at explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very good at explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher is very good at explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher is very good at explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor has great knowledge, the course content feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructor has great knowledge, the course content feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor has great knowledge, the course content feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor has great knowledge, the course content feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's encouragement, but the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's encouragement, but the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's encouragement, but the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's encouragement, but the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Ajarn provides clear instructions that help us understand the quiz better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn provides clear instructions that help us understand the quiz better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn provides clear instructions that help us understand the quiz better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Ajarn provides clear instructions that help us understand the quiz better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel distracted when Ajarn talks during the quiz because it takes time away from our answers.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel distracted when Ajarn talks during the quiz because it takes time away from our answers.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel distracted when Ajarn talks during the quiz because it takes time away from our answers.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel distracted when Ajarn talks during the quiz because it takes time away from our answers.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The quiz content is relevant, but Ajarn’s comments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz content is relevant, but Ajarn’s comments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quiz content is relevant, but Ajarn’s comments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz content is relevant, but Ajarn’s comments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Teacher’s lectures were difficult to follow due to his unclear communication.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Teacher’s lectures were difficult to follow due to his unclear communication.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Teacher’s lectures were difficult to follow due to his unclear communication.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Teacher’s lectures were difficult to follow due to his unclear communication.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The curriculum covered interesting topics, but the teacher's approach made it hard to grasp them fully.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The curriculum covered interesting topics, but the teacher's approach made it hard to grasp them fully.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The curriculum covered interesting topics, but the teacher's approach made it hard to grasp them fully.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The curriculum covered interesting topics, but the teacher's approach made it hard to grasp them fully.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Even though the teacher writing on the whiteboard was a bit chaotic, he showed a lot of passion for the subject, which motivated us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Even though the teacher writing on the whiteboard was a bit chaotic, he showed a lot of passion for the subject, which motivated us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Even though the teacher writing on the whiteboard was a bit chaotic, he showed a lot of passion for the subject, which motivated us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Even though the teacher writing on the whiteboard was a bit chaotic, he showed a lot of passion for the subject, which motivated us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate when [instructor] explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate when [instructor] explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate when [instructor] explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate when [instructor] explains concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I often find [instructor] difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I often find [instructor] difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I often find [instructor] difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I often find [instructor] difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher provided useful tips for our projects, but the lectures sometimes felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher provided useful tips for our projects, but the lectures sometimes felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the teacher provided useful tips for our projects, but the lectures sometimes felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher provided useful tips for our projects, but the lectures sometimes felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher's guidance has really motivated me to excel in my work, although I think the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's guidance has really motivated me to excel in my work, although I think the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher's guidance has really motivated me to excel in my work, although I think the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's guidance has really motivated me to excel in my work, although I think the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that the lessons were clear and helpful, yet there were times when the teacher seemed rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel that the lessons were clear and helpful, yet there were times when the teacher seemed rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel that the lessons were clear and helpful, yet there were times when the teacher seemed rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that the lessons were clear and helpful, yet there were times when the teacher seemed rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand difficult topics easily.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand difficult topics easily.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand difficult topics easily.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand difficult topics easily.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The course content was often confusing and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often confusing and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt motivated when the instructor provided real-world examples, but the pacing could have been better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I felt motivated when the instructor provided real-world examples, but the pacing could have been better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I felt motivated when the instructor provided real-world examples, but the pacing could have been better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I felt motivated when the instructor provided real-world examples, but the pacing could have been better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think that the instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think that the instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think that the instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think that the instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While I struggle with the instructor's accent, the course content is very interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While I struggle with the instructor's accent, the course content is very interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I struggle with the instructor's accent, the course content is very interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I struggle with the instructor's accent, the course content is very interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor's accent is challenging, but they keep us motivated throughout the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor's accent is challenging, but they keep us motivated throughout the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's accent is challenging, but they keep us motivated throughout the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's accent is challenging, but they keep us motivated throughout the lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging, making the content easy to understand and enjoyable for everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging, making the content easy to understand and enjoyable for everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very engaging, making the content easy to understand and enjoyable for everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging, making the content easy to understand and enjoyable for everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was often confusing, and it made me lose motivation to study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was often confusing, and it made me lose motivation to study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often confusing, and it made me lose motivation to study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was often confusing, and it made me lose motivation to study.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate AJ's effort in managing class time effectively, but the slides could be more readable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate AJ's effort in managing class time effectively, but the slides could be more readable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate AJ's effort in managing class time effectively, but the slides could be more readable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate AJ's effort in managing class time effectively, but the slides could be more readable.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I find the instructor to be very approachable and always willing to help students with questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the instructor to be very approachable and always willing to help students with questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the instructor to be very approachable and always willing to help students with questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the instructor to be very approachable and always willing to help students with questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The content is sometimes too difficult and I have difficulty keeping up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is sometimes too difficult and I have difficulty keeping up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is sometimes too difficult and I have difficulty keeping up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is sometimes too difficult and I have difficulty keeping up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the clear structure of the course, but I wish the instructor would encourage us more during discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the clear structure of the course, but I wish the instructor would encourage us more during discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the clear structure of the course, but I wish the instructor would encourage us more during discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the clear structure of the course, but I wish the instructor would encourage us more during discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides detailed feedback on every assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides detailed feedback on every assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides detailed feedback on every assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides detailed feedback on every assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I’m often confused by the course content, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I’m often confused by the course content, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I’m often confused by the course content, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I’m often confused by the course content, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments help me organize my time better, but I wish the instructor was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The assignments help me organize my time better, but I wish the instructor was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments help me organize my time better, but I wish the instructor was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments help me organize my time better, but I wish the instructor was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content is rich, the lectures can feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is rich, the lectures can feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is rich, the lectures can feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course content is rich, the lectures can feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The TA provides great support but sometimes lacks clarity in explanation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The TA provides great support but sometimes lacks clarity in explanation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The TA provides great support but sometimes lacks clarity in explanation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The TA provides great support but sometimes lacks clarity in explanation.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some students felt the course content was too difficult to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students felt the course content was too difficult to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students felt the course content was too difficult to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some students felt the course content was too difficult to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many found the lectures helpful, but organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many found the lectures helpful, but organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many found the lectures helpful, but organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many found the lectures helpful, but organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the material easy to understand, which helped boost my motivation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the material easy to understand, which helped boost my motivation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the material easy to understand, which helped boost my motivation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the material easy to understand, which helped boost my motivation.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I struggled with the content quality during the lectures; it often felt rushed and poorly explained, which affected my motivation to participate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I struggled with the content quality during the lectures; it often felt rushed and poorly explained, which affected my motivation to participate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I struggled with the content quality during the lectures; it often felt rushed and poorly explained, which affected my motivation to participate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I struggled with the content quality during the lectures; it often felt rushed and poorly explained, which affected my motivation to participate.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The organization during the labs was quite good, allowing us enough time to ask questions and clarify doubts about the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The organization during the labs was quite good, allowing us enough time to ask questions and clarify doubts about the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The organization during the labs was quite good, allowing us enough time to ask questions and clarify doubts about the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The organization during the labs was quite good, allowing us enough time to ask questions and clarify doubts about the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The quizzes help reinforce the material effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The quizzes help reinforce the material effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quizzes help reinforce the material effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quizzes help reinforce the material effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The amount of quizzes feels overwhelming and stressful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The amount of quizzes feels overwhelming and stressful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The amount of quizzes feels overwhelming and stressful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The amount of quizzes feels overwhelming and stressful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the quizzes for reviewing key concepts, but they take up too much time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the quizzes for reviewing key concepts, but they take up too much time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the quizzes for reviewing key concepts, but they take up too much time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the quizzes for reviewing key concepts, but they take up too much time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I love how the instructor encourages us to share our thoughts during discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I love how the instructor encourages us to share our thoughts during discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I love how the instructor encourages us to share our thoughts during discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I love how the instructor encourages us to share our thoughts during discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is often too complex for us to follow, and this causes frustration.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is often too complex for us to follow, and this causes frustration.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is often too complex for us to follow, and this causes frustration.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is often too complex for us to follow, and this causes frustration.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher's use of the projector helps, but more interactive sessions would be better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher's use of the projector helps, but more interactive sessions would be better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher's use of the projector helps, but more interactive sessions would be better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's use of the projector helps, but more interactive sessions would be better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor has a unique style that, while challenging, encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has a unique style that, while challenging, encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has a unique style that, while challenging, encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has a unique style that, while challenging, encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the content is relevant, I find the instructor's method confusing and unhelpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the content is relevant, I find the instructor's method confusing and unhelpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the content is relevant, I find the instructor's method confusing and unhelpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the content is relevant, I find the instructor's method confusing and unhelpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the class, but more clarity in explanations would be beneficial.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the class, but more clarity in explanations would be beneficial.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the class, but more clarity in explanations would be beneficial.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the class, but more clarity in explanations would be beneficial.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the grading system unfair, as it rewards quick coding over understanding concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the grading system unfair, as it rewards quick coding over understanding concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the grading system unfair, as it rewards quick coding over understanding concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the grading system unfair, as it rewards quick coding over understanding concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but the assignments take too long to complete with the current workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but the assignments take too long to complete with the current workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is engaging, but the assignments take too long to complete with the current workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but the assignments take too long to complete with the current workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The quizzes are quite frequent, which can be overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quizzes are quite frequent, which can be overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quizzes are quite frequent, which can be overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quizzes are quite frequent, which can be overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the quizzes help me understand the content better and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the quizzes help me understand the content better and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the quizzes help me understand the content better and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the quizzes help me understand the content better and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of quizzes seems excessive, but they do help us prepare for the exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The amount of quizzes seems excessive, but they do help us prepare for the exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The amount of quizzes seems excessive, but they do help us prepare for the exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The amount of quizzes seems excessive, but they do help us prepare for the exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your dedication to teaching us, but I sometimes found the course content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your dedication to teaching us, but I sometimes found the course content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate your dedication to teaching us, but I sometimes found the course content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your dedication to teaching us, but I sometimes found the course content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Thank you for all the interesting lessons; they kept me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Thank you for all the interesting lessons; they kept me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Thank you for all the interesting lessons; they kept me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Thank you for all the interesting lessons; they kept me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your advice was helpful, yet I felt that the course schedule could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your advice was helpful, yet I felt that the course schedule could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your advice was helpful, yet I felt that the course schedule could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your advice was helpful, yet I felt that the course schedule could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very helpful and made the complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the content quality lacking, as some lessons seemed rushed and not well-prepared.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found the content quality lacking, as some lessons seemed rushed and not well-prepared.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content quality lacking, as some lessons seemed rushed and not well-prepared.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the content quality lacking, as some lessons seemed rushed and not well-prepared.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It felt motivating to see how the course kept up with current trends and technology.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It felt motivating to see how the course kept up with current trends and technology.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It felt motivating to see how the course kept up with current trends and technology.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
It felt motivating to see how the course kept up with current trends and technology.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify my doubts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify my doubts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify my doubts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify my doubts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I often struggle with understanding, but I appreciate the way the teacher tries to engage us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I often struggle with understanding, but I appreciate the way the teacher tries to engage us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I often struggle with understanding, but I appreciate the way the teacher tries to engage us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I often struggle with understanding, but I appreciate the way the teacher tries to engage us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is always approachable and helpful, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always approachable and helpful, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always approachable and helpful, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always approachable and helpful, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the course content was interesting, the instructor sometimes lost track of time, leaving us confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the course content was interesting, the instructor sometimes lost track of time, leaving us confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the course content was interesting, the instructor sometimes lost track of time, leaving us confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the course content was interesting, the instructor sometimes lost track of time, leaving us confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teaching style is good, but I wish there were more resources to dive deeper into the subjects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching style is good, but I wish there were more resources to dive deeper into the subjects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching style is good, but I wish there were more resources to dive deeper into the subjects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teaching style is good, but I wish there were more resources to dive deeper into the subjects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate the instructor's dedication to our learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate the instructor's dedication to our learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate the instructor's dedication to our learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I really appreciate the instructor's dedication to our learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content is interesting and helps me understand the material better, but the assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is interesting and helps me understand the material better, but the assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is interesting and helps me understand the material better, but the assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is interesting and helps me understand the material better, but the assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I struggle with the volume of assignments, the instructor is always available for help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I struggle with the volume of assignments, the instructor is always available for help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I struggle with the volume of assignments, the instructor is always available for help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I struggle with the volume of assignments, the instructor is always available for help.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was often repetitive, which made it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was often repetitive, which made it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often repetitive, which made it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was often repetitive, which made it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I learned some useful skills, but the lectures could have been more organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I learned some useful skills, but the lectures could have been more organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I learned some useful skills, but the lectures could have been more organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I learned some useful skills, but the lectures could have been more organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality is excellent, but it feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality is excellent, but it feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content quality is excellent, but it feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality is excellent, but it feels overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find it hard to stay motivated with so many assignments piling up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find it hard to stay motivated with so many assignments piling up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I find it hard to stay motivated with so many assignments piling up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find it hard to stay motivated with so many assignments piling up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provided helpful feedback on our projects, but too much work was assigned before finals.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided helpful feedback on our projects, but too much work was assigned before finals.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor provided helpful feedback on our projects, but too much work was assigned before finals.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provided helpful feedback on our projects, but too much work was assigned before finals.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the quality of the content we learned, but managing my time became a challenge with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated the quality of the content we learned, but managing my time became a challenge with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the quality of the content we learned, but managing my time became a challenge with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated the quality of the content we learned, but managing my time became a challenge with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I felt motivated by the projects, it was difficult to balance them with other courses, especially with finals approaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I felt motivated by the projects, it was difficult to balance them with other courses, especially with finals approaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I felt motivated by the projects, it was difficult to balance them with other courses, especially with finals approaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I felt motivated by the projects, it was difficult to balance them with other courses, especially with finals approaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly, though the course content feels overwhelming at times!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly, though the course content feels overwhelming at times!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly, though the course content feels overwhelming at times!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly, though the course content feels overwhelming at times!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The materials are helpful, but I struggle with the speed of the lectures; I just wish I could keep up better!The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The materials are helpful, but I struggle with the speed of the lectures; I just wish I could keep up better!The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The materials are helpful, but I struggle with the speed of the lectures; I just wish I could keep up better!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The materials are helpful, but I struggle with the speed of the lectures; I just wish I could keep up better!The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lessons are challenging, yet I'm motivated to improve by practicing more outside of class!The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lessons are challenging, yet I'm motivated to improve by practicing more outside of class!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lessons are challenging, yet I'm motivated to improve by practicing more outside of class!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lessons are challenging, yet I'm motivated to improve by practicing more outside of class!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I prefer online classes instead.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I prefer online classes instead.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I prefer online classes instead.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I prefer online classes instead.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think both formats have their advantages.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think both formats have their advantages.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think both formats have their advantages.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think both formats have their advantages.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor's ability to explain complex concepts in a simple manner helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's ability to explain complex concepts in a simple manner helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's ability to explain complex concepts in a simple manner helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's ability to explain complex concepts in a simple manner helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I often found the quality of the course content lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I often found the quality of the course content lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I often found the quality of the course content lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I often found the quality of the course content lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Despite my struggles, the course motivated me to dive deeper into the subject, and I appreciated the structured approach to our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Despite my struggles, the course motivated me to dive deeper into the subject, and I appreciated the structured approach to our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Despite my struggles, the course motivated me to dive deeper into the subject, and I appreciated the structured approach to our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Despite my struggles, the course motivated me to dive deeper into the subject, and I appreciated the structured approach to our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While the lab sessions were really beneficial, I found the instructor to be unapproachable at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the lab sessions were really beneficial, I found the instructor to be unapproachable at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the lab sessions were really beneficial, I found the instructor to be unapproachable at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the lab sessions were really beneficial, I found the instructor to be unapproachable at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was engaging, and the instructors provided excellent guidance in the labs, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course content was engaging, and the instructors provided excellent guidance in the labs, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was engaging, and the instructors provided excellent guidance in the labs, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content was engaging, and the instructors provided excellent guidance in the labs, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciated the structure of the course, but I often felt that I was rushed during lab time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated the structure of the course, but I often felt that I was rushed during lab time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated the structure of the course, but I often felt that I was rushed during lab time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciated the structure of the course, but I often felt that I was rushed during lab time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor always encourages students to ask questions and engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always encourages students to ask questions and engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor always encourages students to ask questions and engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always encourages students to ask questions and engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it often fails to cover important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it often fails to cover important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it often fails to cover important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it often fails to cover important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the lectures are informative, sometimes it feels like the instructor is too focused on the timeline and misses key student discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the lectures are informative, sometimes it feels like the instructor is too focused on the timeline and misses key student discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the lectures are informative, sometimes it feels like the instructor is too focused on the timeline and misses key student discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the lectures are informative, sometimes it feels like the instructor is too focused on the timeline and misses key student discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is always available and provides useful feedback, which helps improve our understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always available and provides useful feedback, which helps improve our understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always available and provides useful feedback, which helps improve our understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is always available and provides useful feedback, which helps improve our understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course content to be very interesting and applicable to real-world situations, but the pace can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content to be very interesting and applicable to real-world situations, but the pace can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course content to be very interesting and applicable to real-world situations, but the pace can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course content to be very interesting and applicable to real-world situations, but the pace can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the skills I’m learning, but balancing this course with my other classes is becoming increasingly tough.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the skills I’m learning, but balancing this course with my other classes is becoming increasingly tough.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the skills I’m learning, but balancing this course with my other classes is becoming increasingly tough.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the skills I’m learning, but balancing this course with my other classes is becoming increasingly tough.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many students appreciate the instructor's ability to make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many students appreciate the instructor's ability to make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many students appreciate the instructor's ability to make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many students appreciate the instructor's ability to make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content could be more engaging; sometimes it feels too dull and dry.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content could be more engaging; sometimes it feels too dull and dry.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content could be more engaging; sometimes it feels too dull and dry.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content could be more engaging; sometimes it feels too dull and dry.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Students feel motivated when the instructor provides timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Students feel motivated when the instructor provides timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Students feel motivated when the instructor provides timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Students feel motivated when the instructor provides timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor explains every concept with clarity and patience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains every concept with clarity and patience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains every concept with clarity and patience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explains every concept with clarity and patience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is well-structured, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content is well-structured, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is well-structured, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is well-structured, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lectures are informative, but I occasionally find it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures are informative, but I occasionally find it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are informative, but I occasionally find it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures are informative, but I occasionally find it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but sometimes it feels too harsh when comparing my work to others.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but sometimes it feels too harsh when comparing my work to others.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but sometimes it feels too harsh when comparing my work to others.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but sometimes it feels too harsh when comparing my work to others.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was well-organized and kept me engaged, although I struggled with organization to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was well-organized and kept me engaged, although I struggled with organization to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was well-organized and kept me engaged, although I struggled with organization to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content was well-organized and kept me engaged, although I struggled with organization to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the instructor did a good job, but there were moments when I felt lost and unsure about the expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor did a good job, but there were moments when I felt lost and unsure about the expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the instructor did a good job, but there were moments when I felt lost and unsure about the expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor did a good job, but there were moments when I felt lost and unsure about the expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but sometimes struggles to keep our attention during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but sometimes struggles to keep our attention during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but sometimes struggles to keep our attention during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but sometimes struggles to keep our attention during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the course content, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to build our skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the course content, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to build our skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the course content, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to build our skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the course content, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to build our skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lab sessions are well-organized, but the lectures can feel overwhelming and confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lab sessions are well-organized, but the lectures can feel overwhelming and confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lab sessions are well-organized, but the lectures can feel overwhelming and confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lab sessions are well-organized, but the lectures can feel overwhelming and confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught very well, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher taught very well, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher taught very well, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher taught very well, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher had good intentions, yet I often felt unmotivated during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher had good intentions, yet I often felt unmotivated during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher had good intentions, yet I often felt unmotivated during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher had good intentions, yet I often felt unmotivated during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher's enthusiasm made the classes enjoyable, and the organization was spot on.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's enthusiasm made the classes enjoyable, and the organization was spot on.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher's enthusiasm made the classes enjoyable, and the organization was spot on.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's enthusiasm made the classes enjoyable, and the organization was spot on.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructors are very supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructors are very supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructors are very supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructors are very supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality is excellent, but I feel overwhelmed with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality is excellent, but I feel overwhelmed with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content quality is excellent, but I feel overwhelmed with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality is excellent, but I feel overwhelmed with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, and the organization is decent.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, and the organization is decent.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, and the organization is decent.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, and the organization is decent.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor's support during group projects was really helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's support during group projects was really helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's support during group projects was really helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's support during group projects was really helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content quality to be lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content quality to be lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content quality to be lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the content quality to be lacking, which made it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor was knowledgeable, there were times when the class felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the instructor was knowledgeable, there were times when the class felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor was knowledgeable, there were times when the class felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the instructor was knowledgeable, there were times when the class felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the assignments are overwhelming, I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into providing feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the assignments are overwhelming, I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into providing feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the assignments are overwhelming, I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into providing feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the assignments are overwhelming, I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into providing feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content quality is inconsistent, which makes it hard to stay motivated in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality is inconsistent, which makes it hard to stay motivated in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality is inconsistent, which makes it hard to stay motivated in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality is inconsistent, which makes it hard to stay motivated in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Having a consistent schedule for our classes would greatly help in improving our organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Having a consistent schedule for our classes would greatly help in improving our organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Having a consistent schedule for our classes would greatly help in improving our organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Having a consistent schedule for our classes would greatly help in improving our organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The current class arrangement is confusing and makes it difficult to focus, which affects my motivation to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The current class arrangement is confusing and makes it difficult to focus, which affects my motivation to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The current class arrangement is confusing and makes it difficult to focus, which affects my motivation to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The current class arrangement is confusing and makes it difficult to focus, which affects my motivation to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the diverse content being delivered, though I still think a stable class structure would lead to better learning outcomes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the diverse content being delivered, though I still think a stable class structure would lead to better learning outcomes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the diverse content being delivered, though I still think a stable class structure would lead to better learning outcomes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the diverse content being delivered, though I still think a stable class structure would lead to better learning outcomes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor has great enthusiasm for the subject and keeps the class engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has great enthusiasm for the subject and keeps the class engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor has great enthusiasm for the subject and keeps the class engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has great enthusiasm for the subject and keeps the class engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is often confusing and lacks clarity, making it hard for students to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is often confusing and lacks clarity, making it hard for students to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is often confusing and lacks clarity, making it hard for students to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is often confusing and lacks clarity, making it hard for students to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Students appreciate the availability of the teacher during office hours to clarify doubts, which helps them progress.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Students appreciate the availability of the teacher during office hours to clarify doubts, which helps them progress.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Students appreciate the availability of the teacher during office hours to clarify doubts, which helps them progress.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Students appreciate the availability of the teacher during office hours to clarify doubts, which helps them progress.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions, which helps me feel more confident in my understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions, which helps me feel more confident in my understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions, which helps me feel more confident in my understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions, which helps me feel more confident in my understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given each week; it makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given each week; it makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given each week; it makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course content is interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given each week; it makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The organization in this course is reasonable, but I wish we could have more interactive activities to motivate us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The organization in this course is reasonable, but I wish we could have more interactive activities to motivate us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The organization in this course is reasonable, but I wish we could have more interactive activities to motivate us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The organization in this course is reasonable, but I wish we could have more interactive activities to motivate us to engage more.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher sometimes struggles to answer questions, but they are very approachable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher sometimes struggles to answer questions, but they are very approachable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher sometimes struggles to answer questions, but they are very approachable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher sometimes struggles to answer questions, but they are very approachable and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is quite confusing, the slides are presented clearly, which makes things easier to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is quite confusing, the slides are presented clearly, which makes things easier to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the content is quite confusing, the slides are presented clearly, which makes things easier to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is quite confusing, the slides are presented clearly, which makes things easier to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Although the teaching media needs improvement, the instructor is always motivated to help us learn more effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the teaching media needs improvement, the instructor is always motivated to help us learn more effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the teaching media needs improvement, the instructor is always motivated to help us learn more effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the teaching media needs improvement, the instructor is always motivated to help us learn more effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework assignments are overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the challenging homework, it helps me learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the challenging homework, it helps me learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the challenging homework, it helps me learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the challenging homework, it helps me learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload is reasonable, but I'm not very motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The workload is reasonable, but I'm not very motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The workload is reasonable, but I'm not very motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The workload is reasonable, but I'm not very motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was engaging and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was engaging and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was engaging and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was engaging and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content lacked depth and failed to inspire any interest.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content lacked depth and failed to inspire any interest.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content lacked depth and failed to inspire any interest.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content lacked depth and failed to inspire any interest.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found some parts of the course to be a bit tedious, but the instructor kept us motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found some parts of the course to be a bit tedious, but the instructor kept us motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found some parts of the course to be a bit tedious, but the instructor kept us motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found some parts of the course to be a bit tedious, but the instructor kept us motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quizzes really help reinforce what we've learned in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The quizzes really help reinforce what we've learned in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quizzes really help reinforce what we've learned in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quizzes really help reinforce what we've learned in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that the instructor doesn't manage class time well, and we often run over.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel that the instructor doesn't manage class time well, and we often run over.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel that the instructor doesn't manage class time well, and we often run over.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel that the instructor doesn't manage class time well, and we often run over.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is interesting, but it could use more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it could use more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is interesting, but it could use more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it could use more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor explains topics clearly and engages us well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains topics clearly and engages us well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains topics clearly and engages us well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explains topics clearly and engages us well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is often too complicated and frustrating, which affects my interest.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is often too complicated and frustrating, which affects my interest.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is often too complicated and frustrating, which affects my interest.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is often too complicated and frustrating, which affects my interest.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate the efforts of the teacher, sometimes I feel like we need to move faster through the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciate the efforts of the teacher, sometimes I feel like we need to move faster through the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I appreciate the efforts of the teacher, sometimes I feel like we need to move faster through the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciate the efforts of the teacher, sometimes I feel like we need to move faster through the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Clarifying the course outline will help students understand the expectations better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Clarifying the course outline will help students understand the expectations better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Clarifying the course outline will help students understand the expectations better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Clarifying the course outline will help students understand the expectations better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor could improve their feedback to help students stay more motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor could improve their feedback to help students stay more motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor could improve their feedback to help students stay more motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor could improve their feedback to help students stay more motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's important for students to manage their time effectively while researching independently for the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It's important for students to manage their time effectively while researching independently for the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's important for students to manage their time effectively while researching independently for the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
It's important for students to manage their time effectively while researching independently for the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The teacher explained things clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher explained things clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher explained things clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher explained things clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher was okay, but the lectures were sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher was okay, but the lectures were sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher was okay, but the lectures were sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher was okay, but the lectures were sometimes confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the lessons interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the lessons interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the lessons interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the lessons interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is often outdated, which makes it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is often outdated, which makes it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is often outdated, which makes it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is often outdated, which makes it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages discussion among students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages discussion among students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages discussion among students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages discussion among students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was always available and ready to help when we faced issues with the software.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was always available and ready to help when we faced issues with the software.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was always available and ready to help when we faced issues with the software.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was always available and ready to help when we faced issues with the software.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content was great, I often felt unmotivated due to the slow writing speed in the software.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content was great, I often felt unmotivated due to the slow writing speed in the software.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content was great, I often felt unmotivated due to the slow writing speed in the software.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course content was great, I often felt unmotivated due to the slow writing speed in the software.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but managing time effectively was challenging because of the software delays.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but managing time effectively was challenging because of the software delays.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course was well-structured, but managing time effectively was challenging because of the software delays.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but managing time effectively was challenging because of the software delays.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher uses engaging methods that really keep us excited about the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher uses engaging methods that really keep us excited about the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher uses engaging methods that really keep us excited about the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher uses engaging methods that really keep us excited about the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that the class material is often too dry and doesn't hold my attention.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel that the class material is often too dry and doesn't hold my attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel that the class material is often too dry and doesn't hold my attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel that the class material is often too dry and doesn't hold my attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures are well-organized, and I appreciate how the teacher manages our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures are well-organized, and I appreciate how the teacher manages our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are well-organized, and I appreciate how the teacher manages our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures are well-organized, and I appreciate how the teacher manages our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is often confusing and lacks clarity.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is often confusing and lacks clarity.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is often confusing and lacks clarity.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is often confusing and lacks clarity.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many students feel motivated by the engaging projects offered in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Many students feel motivated by the engaging projects offered in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many students feel motivated by the engaging projects offered in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many students feel motivated by the engaging projects offered in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor made the quiz engaging and explained the topics well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the quiz engaging and explained the topics well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor made the quiz engaging and explained the topics well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor made the quiz engaging and explained the topics well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some students felt the content was too rushed, leaving them confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Some students felt the content was too rushed, leaving them confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students felt the content was too rushed, leaving them confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some students felt the content was too rushed, leaving them confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The quizzes helped solidify our understanding, but they could be better spaced out.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quizzes helped solidify our understanding, but they could be better spaced out.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quizzes helped solidify our understanding, but they could be better spaced out.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quizzes helped solidify our understanding, but they could be better spaced out.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very supportive and helpful throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and helpful throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very supportive and helpful throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and helpful throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was not as well-organized as I had hoped, which made it difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was not as well-organized as I had hoped, which made it difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was not as well-organized as I had hoped, which made it difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was not as well-organized as I had hoped, which made it difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the group work to be challenging, but I learned a lot from the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the group work to be challenging, but I learned a lot from the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the group work to be challenging, but I learned a lot from the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the group work to be challenging, but I learned a lot from the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available for questions, which helps me better understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available for questions, which helps me better understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available for questions, which helps me better understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available for questions, which helps me better understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality is sometimes overwhelming, making it hard for me to keep up, even though the instructor is knowledgeable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The content quality is sometimes overwhelming, making it hard for me to keep up, even though the instructor is knowledgeable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality is sometimes overwhelming, making it hard for me to keep up, even though the instructor is knowledgeable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality is sometimes overwhelming, making it hard for me to keep up, even though the instructor is knowledgeable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm, but I wish the course materials were more organized to improve my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm, but I wish the course materials were more organized to improve my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm, but I wish the course materials were more organized to improve my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm, but I wish the course materials were more organized to improve my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The workshop was engaging, and the tools showed great potential for our projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The workshop was engaging, and the tools showed great potential for our projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The workshop was engaging, and the tools showed great potential for our projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workshop was engaging, and the tools showed great potential for our projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the content was interesting, the instructor rushed through the material too quickly to grasp everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the content was interesting, the instructor rushed through the material too quickly to grasp everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the content was interesting, the instructor rushed through the material too quickly to grasp everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Although the content was interesting, the instructor rushed through the material too quickly to grasp everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I was motivated to learn, but the workshop could have had better organization to cover all the tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I was motivated to learn, but the workshop could have had better organization to cover all the tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I was motivated to learn, but the workshop could have had better organization to cover all the tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I was motivated to learn, but the workshop could have had better organization to cover all the tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher takes the time to engage with students, which helps in understanding the content better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher takes the time to engage with students, which helps in understanding the content better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher takes the time to engage with students, which helps in understanding the content better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher takes the time to engage with students, which helps in understanding the content better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course material is informative, the delivery lacks clarity and leaves many students confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course material is informative, the delivery lacks clarity and leaves many students confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the course material is informative, the delivery lacks clarity and leaves many students confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course material is informative, the delivery lacks clarity and leaves many students confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some students feel that the teacher could improve their teaching style to make the content more accessible.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students feel that the teacher could improve their teaching style to make the content more accessible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students feel that the teacher could improve their teaching style to make the content more accessible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some students feel that the teacher could improve their teaching style to make the content more accessible.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor's accent can be challenging, but their passion for tech makes the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor's accent can be challenging, but their passion for tech makes the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor's accent can be challenging, but their passion for tech makes the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's accent can be challenging, but their passion for tech makes the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor's accent makes it tough to follow, the course content is well-structured and informative.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the instructor's accent makes it tough to follow, the course content is well-structured and informative.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor's accent makes it tough to follow, the course content is well-structured and informative.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor's accent makes it tough to follow, the course content is well-structured and informative.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the instructor's accent is difficult, I appreciate how they manage class time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the instructor's accent is difficult, I appreciate how they manage class time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Although the instructor's accent is difficult, I appreciate how they manage class time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the instructor's accent is difficult, I appreciate how they manage class time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I believe the instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe the instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe the instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe the instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was often confusing and did not match my expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was often confusing and did not match my expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often confusing and did not match my expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was often confusing and did not match my expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course had interesting material, but I wish there was better organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course had interesting material, but I wish there was better organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course had interesting material, but I wish there was better organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course had interesting material, but I wish there was better organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor often provides clear explanations which help us understand the homework better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor often provides clear explanations which help us understand the homework better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often provides clear explanations which help us understand the homework better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor often provides clear explanations which help us understand the homework better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality seems lacking, as the homework often feels pointless and unstructured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content quality seems lacking, as the homework often feels pointless and unstructured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality seems lacking, as the homework often feels pointless and unstructured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality seems lacking, as the homework often feels pointless and unstructured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the homework can be confusing, I feel motivated to tackle it and learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the homework can be confusing, I feel motivated to tackle it and learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Although the homework can be confusing, I feel motivated to tackle it and learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the homework can be confusing, I feel motivated to tackle it and learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helpful, guiding us through the complex topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helpful, guiding us through the complex topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helpful, guiding us through the complex topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helpful, guiding us through the complex topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the content is interesting and relevant, I often feel overwhelmed with the number of assignments given.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is interesting and relevant, I often feel overwhelmed with the number of assignments given.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting and relevant, I often feel overwhelmed with the number of assignments given.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content is interesting and relevant, I often feel overwhelmed with the number of assignments given.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into the course materials, but it sometimes feels like there's not enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the course materials, but it sometimes feels like there's not enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort put into the course materials, but it sometimes feels like there's not enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the course materials, but it sometimes feels like there's not enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher's use of real-world examples really keeps us engaged in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's use of real-world examples really keeps us engaged in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher's use of real-world examples really keeps us engaged in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's use of real-world examples really keeps us engaged in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes the lectures feel a bit too fast, which makes it hard to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the lectures feel a bit too fast, which makes it hard to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes the lectures feel a bit too fast, which makes it hard to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes the lectures feel a bit too fast, which makes it hard to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the structure of the course and how it covers essential topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course and how it covers essential topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the structure of the course and how it covers essential topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course and how it covers essential topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I enjoy your class and find the content very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoy your class and find the content very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy your class and find the content very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy your class and find the content very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate your enthusiasm in teaching, I feel the course content could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I appreciate your enthusiasm in teaching, I feel the course content could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I appreciate your enthusiasm in teaching, I feel the course content could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciate your enthusiasm in teaching, I feel the course content could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your class provides a lot of useful information, but sometimes I feel unmotivated to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Your class provides a lot of useful information, but sometimes I feel unmotivated to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your class provides a lot of useful information, but sometimes I feel unmotivated to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Your class provides a lot of useful information, but sometimes I feel unmotivated to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly, making the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly, making the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly, making the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains complex topics very clearly, making the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the lecture is easy to understand, the content felt a bit outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the lecture is easy to understand, the content felt a bit outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the lecture is easy to understand, the content felt a bit outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the lecture is easy to understand, the content felt a bit outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor does a good job, but sometimes the classes run over time, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor does a good job, but sometimes the classes run over time, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor does a good job, but sometimes the classes run over time, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor does a good job, but sometimes the classes run over time, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very helpful and always encourages us to engage with the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always encourages us to engage with the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always encourages us to engage with the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always encourages us to engage with the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content quality quite basic and lacking depth, which was disappointing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content quality quite basic and lacking depth, which was disappointing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content quality quite basic and lacking depth, which was disappointing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the content quality quite basic and lacking depth, which was disappointing.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the course is structured, but sometimes it feels like we are rushed through the topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate how the course is structured, but sometimes it feels like we are rushed through the topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the course is structured, but sometimes it feels like we are rushed through the topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the course is structured, but sometimes it feels like we are rushed through the topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify complex topics, but the course content is too challenging for many students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify complex topics, but the course content is too challenging for many students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify complex topics, but the course content is too challenging for many students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify complex topics, but the course content is too challenging for many students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor sometimes forgets to explain important details, I enjoy the assignments as they push me to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the instructor sometimes forgets to explain important details, I enjoy the assignments as they push me to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor sometimes forgets to explain important details, I enjoy the assignments as they push me to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor sometimes forgets to explain important details, I enjoy the assignments as they push me to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are thorough, making it easier to grasp the concepts, but the instructor could improve how they deliver the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are thorough, making it easier to grasp the concepts, but the instructor could improve how they deliver the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are thorough, making it easier to grasp the concepts, but the instructor could improve how they deliver the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are thorough, making it easier to grasp the concepts, but the instructor could improve how they deliver the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the theoretical parts interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the theoretical parts interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the theoretical parts interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the theoretical parts interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course covers fun and useful topics, I found the organization to be lacking, which made it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course covers fun and useful topics, I found the organization to be lacking, which made it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the course covers fun and useful topics, I found the organization to be lacking, which made it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course covers fun and useful topics, I found the organization to be lacking, which made it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the real-life examples used in class, which fueled my motivation to learn the material more effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated the real-life examples used in class, which fueled my motivation to learn the material more effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the real-life examples used in class, which fueled my motivation to learn the material more effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated the real-life examples used in class, which fueled my motivation to learn the material more effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and always willing to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and always willing to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and always willing to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and always willing to clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and needed better organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was often confusing and needed better organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often confusing and needed better organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was often confusing and needed better organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how well the instructor kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how well the instructor kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how well the instructor kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how well the instructor kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy your teaching style, but the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoy your teaching style, but the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming!The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I really enjoy your teaching style, but the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy your teaching style, but the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming!The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your efforts in class, as you make complex topics easier to understand!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your efforts in class, as you make complex topics easier to understand!The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate your efforts in class, as you make complex topics easier to understand!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate your efforts in class, as you make complex topics easier to understand!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it often feels a bit disorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it often feels a bit disorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but it often feels a bit disorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it often feels a bit disorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and always helps us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always helps us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and always helps us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always helps us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content is interesting, but the assignments take too much time to complete.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is interesting, but the assignments take too much time to complete.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is interesting, but the assignments take too much time to complete.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is interesting, but the assignments take too much time to complete.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the deadlines were a bit more manageable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the deadlines were a bit more manageable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the deadlines were a bit more manageable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the deadlines were a bit more manageable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The quiz at the end of the period really helped me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quiz at the end of the period really helped me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz at the end of the period really helped me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz at the end of the period really helped me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I wish the instructor would provide more time for studying before the quiz; it felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I wish the instructor would provide more time for studying before the quiz; it felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the instructor would provide more time for studying before the quiz; it felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I wish the instructor would provide more time for studying before the quiz; it felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is quite interesting, but sometimes I feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is quite interesting, but sometimes I feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is quite interesting, but sometimes I feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is quite interesting, but sometimes I feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the material engaging and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the material engaging and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the material engaging and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the material engaging and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was often overwhelming, and I felt lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was often overwhelming, and I felt lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often overwhelming, and I felt lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was often overwhelming, and I felt lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall, I think the course is well-structured and provides a solid foundation for future studies.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Overall, I think the course is well-structured and provides a solid foundation for future studies.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Overall, I think the course is well-structured and provides a solid foundation for future studies.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Overall, I think the course is well-structured and provides a solid foundation for future studies.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor made the class engaging and supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the class engaging and supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor made the class engaging and supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made the class engaging and supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the materials.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the materials.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the materials.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the materials.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The workload is manageable, but I wish the content was more challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The workload is manageable, but I wish the content was more challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The workload is manageable, but I wish the content was more challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload is manageable, but I wish the content was more challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Having a consistent class schedule would greatly help us manage our study time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Having a consistent class schedule would greatly help us manage our study time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Having a consistent class schedule would greatly help us manage our study time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Having a consistent class schedule would greatly help us manage our study time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content could be more engaging, but with the current schedule, it’s hard to focus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content could be more engaging, but with the current schedule, it’s hard to focus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content could be more engaging, but with the current schedule, it’s hard to focus.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content could be more engaging, but with the current schedule, it’s hard to focus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into making the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into making the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into making the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into making the classes interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teaching way was engaging and kept us interested throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching way was engaging and kept us interested throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching way was engaging and kept us interested throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teaching way was engaging and kept us interested throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the teaching method was clear, the content was often outdated and not relevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the teaching method was clear, the content was often outdated and not relevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the teaching method was clear, the content was often outdated and not relevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the teaching method was clear, the content was often outdated and not relevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teaching style is decent, but I wish we had more time for practice and discussion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teaching style is decent, but I wish we had more time for practice and discussion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching style is decent, but I wish we had more time for practice and discussion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teaching style is decent, but I wish we had more time for practice and discussion.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very helpful and made complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content was sometimes outdated, which made it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was sometimes outdated, which made it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was sometimes outdated, which made it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was sometimes outdated, which made it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish we had more time for group projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish we had more time for group projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish we had more time for group projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the structure of the course, but I wish we had more time for group projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It's good that the instructor is always available to help with installation issues.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's good that the instructor is always available to help with installation issues.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's good that the instructor is always available to help with installation issues.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's good that the instructor is always available to help with installation issues.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quality of the course content does not adequately prepare us for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quality of the course content does not adequately prepare us for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quality of the course content does not adequately prepare us for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quality of the course content does not adequately prepare us for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the motivation the instructor provides, even though the software challenges can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the motivation the instructor provides, even though the software challenges can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the motivation the instructor provides, even though the software challenges can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the motivation the instructor provides, even though the software challenges can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; the instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Continue with this teaching method; the instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; the instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Continue with this teaching method; the instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; however, the content could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; however, the content could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Continue with this teaching method; however, the content could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method; however, the content could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method because it keeps us motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method because it keeps us motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Continue with this teaching method because it keeps us motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Continue with this teaching method because it keeps us motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was often confusing, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was often confusing, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often confusing, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was often confusing, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the course to have a good structure, but I wish the instructor could manage the time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course to have a good structure, but I wish the instructor could manage the time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the course to have a good structure, but I wish the instructor could manage the time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the course to have a good structure, but I wish the instructor could manage the time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor makes learning engaging and fun, which helps us remember the [topic], [topic], and [topic] better in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes learning engaging and fun, which helps us remember the [topic], [topic], and [topic] better in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes learning engaging and fun, which helps us remember the [topic], [topic], and [topic] better in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes learning engaging and fun, which helps us remember the [topic], [topic], and [topic] better in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was too difficult to grasp, and I think the instructor needs to adjust their teaching style to help us understand the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was too difficult to grasp, and I think the instructor needs to adjust their teaching style to help us understand the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was too difficult to grasp, and I think the instructor needs to adjust their teaching style to help us understand the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was too difficult to grasp, and I think the instructor needs to adjust their teaching style to help us understand the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor provided useful resources, I believe that more time should be allocated for practicing the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the instructor provided useful resources, I believe that more time should be allocated for practicing the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor provided useful resources, I believe that more time should be allocated for practicing the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor provided useful resources, I believe that more time should be allocated for practicing the [topic], [topic], and [topic] in the [topic].The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments do take a lot of time, but the instructor is always available to help.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments do take a lot of time, but the instructor is always available to help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The assignments do take a lot of time, but the instructor is always available to help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The assignments do take a lot of time, but the instructor is always available to help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments, I appreciate the high quality of the course content.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments, I appreciate the high quality of the course content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments, I appreciate the high quality of the course content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments, I appreciate the high quality of the course content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
There are many assignments, yet they keep me motivated to learn more about technology.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
There are many assignments, yet they keep me motivated to learn more about technology.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
There are many assignments, yet they keep me motivated to learn more about technology.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There are many assignments, yet they keep me motivated to learn more about technology.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly, which made understanding the content much easier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly, which made understanding the content much easier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly, which made understanding the content much easier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly, which made understanding the content much easier.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content overly difficult and the feedback from the instructor was not helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found the content overly difficult and the feedback from the instructor was not helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content overly difficult and the feedback from the instructor was not helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the content overly difficult and the feedback from the instructor was not helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I liked the course material, I often felt rushed during lectures, which affected my ability to absorb the information.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I liked the course material, I often felt rushed during lectures, which affected my ability to absorb the information.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I liked the course material, I often felt rushed during lectures, which affected my ability to absorb the information.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I liked the course material, I often felt rushed during lectures, which affected my ability to absorb the information.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the instructor does a great job engaging us throughout the long class sessions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor does a great job engaging us throughout the long class sessions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the instructor does a great job engaging us throughout the long class sessions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the instructor does a great job engaging us throughout the long class sessions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content of the courses is really interesting, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information presented without breaks.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the courses is really interesting, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information presented without breaks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the courses is really interesting, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information presented without breaks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the courses is really interesting, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed with the amount of information presented without breaks.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but three hours is quite a long time to focus without any breaks.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but three hours is quite a long time to focus without any breaks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but three hours is quite a long time to focus without any breaks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but three hours is quite a long time to focus without any breaks.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher has a great way of explaining things that makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher has a great way of explaining things that makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher has a great way of explaining things that makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher has a great way of explaining things that makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I like the teacher, but I find the course materials too difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I like the teacher, but I find the course materials too difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I like the teacher, but I find the course materials too difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I like the teacher, but I find the course materials too difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is okay, but I wish they had more time for questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor is okay, but I wish they had more time for questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is okay, but I wish they had more time for questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is okay, but I wish they had more time for questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy his classes, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoy his classes, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I really enjoy his classes, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really enjoy his classes, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While he knows the subject well, he needs to improve on giving feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While he knows the subject well, he needs to improve on giving feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While he knows the subject well, he needs to improve on giving feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While he knows the subject well, he needs to improve on giving feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I enjoy the flexibility of online classes because I can study at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the flexibility of online classes because I can study at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy the flexibility of online classes because I can study at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I enjoy the flexibility of online classes because I can study at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The quizzes feel overwhelming and are often too difficult to complete on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The quizzes feel overwhelming and are often too difficult to complete on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quizzes feel overwhelming and are often too difficult to complete on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quizzes feel overwhelming and are often too difficult to complete on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall, the course materials are well-organized, and I appreciate the support from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Overall, the course materials are well-organized, and I appreciate the support from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Overall, the course materials are well-organized, and I appreciate the support from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Overall, the course materials are well-organized, and I appreciate the support from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the way you explain complex topics and use engaging examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way you explain complex topics and use engaging examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the way you explain complex topics and use engaging examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the way you explain complex topics and use engaging examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes the assignments feel unclear, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the assignments feel unclear, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes the assignments feel unclear, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes the assignments feel unclear, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your enthusiasm for the subject definitely motivates me, but I wish there was more time for questions in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your enthusiasm for the subject definitely motivates me, but I wish there was more time for questions in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your enthusiasm for the subject definitely motivates me, but I wish there was more time for questions in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your enthusiasm for the subject definitely motivates me, but I wish there was more time for questions in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Great teacher, very caring and respectful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is very engaging and well-structured, which helps us learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course material is very engaging and well-structured, which helps us learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is very engaging and well-structured, which helps us learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material is very engaging and well-structured, which helps us learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the teacher is wonderful, the evening classes make it difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the teacher is wonderful, the evening classes make it difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the teacher is wonderful, the evening classes make it difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the teacher is wonderful, the evening classes make it difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher did not prepare slides, which made the class less effective for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher did not prepare slides, which made the class less effective for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher did not prepare slides, which made the class less effective for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher did not prepare slides, which made the class less effective for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Although the instructor spoke quickly, I appreciate his passion for the subject; it encourages me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the instructor spoke quickly, I appreciate his passion for the subject; it encourages me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the instructor spoke quickly, I appreciate his passion for the subject; it encourages me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the instructor spoke quickly, I appreciate his passion for the subject; it encourages me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content challenging, but it pushed me to improve my English skills during extra classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content challenging, but it pushed me to improve my English skills during extra classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content challenging, but it pushed me to improve my English skills during extra classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the content challenging, but it pushed me to improve my English skills during extra classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, which makes attending class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, which makes attending class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[Instructor] is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, which makes attending class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject, which makes attending class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Despite the [course] being interesting, the [instructor]'s lectures feel overwhelming and the assignments often come too late to be effective.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Despite the [course] being interesting, the [instructor]'s lectures feel overwhelming and the assignments often come too late to be effective.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Despite the [course] being interesting, the [instructor]'s lectures feel overwhelming and the assignments often come too late to be effective.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Despite the [course] being interesting, the [instructor]'s lectures feel overwhelming and the assignments often come too late to be effective.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The [course] content is engaging, but sometimes it requires a bit more explanation from the [instructor].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The [course] content is engaging, but sometimes it requires a bit more explanation from the [instructor].The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The [course] content is engaging, but sometimes it requires a bit more explanation from the [instructor].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The [course] content is engaging, but sometimes it requires a bit more explanation from the [instructor].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor makes every class engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor makes every class engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor makes every class engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor makes every class engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is interesting, but I wish the instructor gave more feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is interesting, but I wish the instructor gave more feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is interesting, but I wish the instructor gave more feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is interesting, but I wish the instructor gave more feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel motivated by the course materials, even though the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated by the course materials, even though the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated by the course materials, even though the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated by the course materials, even though the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made the projects easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made the projects easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made the projects easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made the projects easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the projects are interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the deadlines set for them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the projects are interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the deadlines set for them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the projects are interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the deadlines set for them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the projects are interesting, I feel overwhelmed by the deadlines set for them.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I wish the course content was more relevant to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I wish the course content was more relevant to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I wish the course content was more relevant to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I wish the course content was more relevant to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the teacher's explanations very clear and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the teacher's explanations very clear and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I find the teacher's explanations very clear and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the teacher's explanations very clear and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is too difficult to follow, and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course material is too difficult to follow, and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is too difficult to follow, and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is too difficult to follow, and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher tries to keep us engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher tries to keep us engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher tries to keep us engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher tries to keep us engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was really helpful and always answered our questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was really helpful and always answered our questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was really helpful and always answered our questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was really helpful and always answered our questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content of the course to be very interesting, but I often feel overwhelmed with the workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content of the course to be very interesting, but I often feel overwhelmed with the workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the content of the course to be very interesting, but I often feel overwhelmed with the workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the content of the course to be very interesting, but I often feel overwhelmed with the workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the course is well-structured, but I still struggle with the complexity of the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate how the course is well-structured, but I still struggle with the complexity of the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the course is well-structured, but I still struggle with the complexity of the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the course is well-structured, but I still struggle with the complexity of the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture slides are cluttered with excessive information, making it hard to follow along, but I really admire how [instructor] engages the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lecture slides are cluttered with excessive information, making it hard to follow along, but I really admire how [instructor] engages the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lecture slides are cluttered with excessive information, making it hard to follow along, but I really admire how [instructor] engages the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lecture slides are cluttered with excessive information, making it hard to follow along, but I really admire how [instructor] engages the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course material is deep and rich, which is beneficial for understanding, [instructor] and [instructor] could improve their pacing during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course material is deep and rich, which is beneficial for understanding, [instructor] and [instructor] could improve their pacing during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course material is deep and rich, which is beneficial for understanding, [instructor] and [instructor] could improve their pacing during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the course material is deep and rich, which is beneficial for understanding, [instructor] and [instructor] could improve their pacing during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the lecture slides, yet I find studying with [instructor] and [instructor] to be quite motivating to keep up with the workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the lecture slides, yet I find studying with [instructor] and [instructor] to be quite motivating to keep up with the workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the lecture slides, yet I find studying with [instructor] and [instructor] to be quite motivating to keep up with the workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the lecture slides, yet I find studying with [instructor] and [instructor] to be quite motivating to keep up with the workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel like the instructor is very engaging, which makes the class enjoyable; however, the content quality sometimes feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel like the instructor is very engaging, which makes the class enjoyable; however, the content quality sometimes feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel like the instructor is very engaging, which makes the class enjoyable; however, the content quality sometimes feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel like the instructor is very engaging, which makes the class enjoyable; however, the content quality sometimes feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course covers interesting topics, I wish the instructor would manage the time better to ensure we fully understand everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course covers interesting topics, I wish the instructor would manage the time better to ensure we fully understand everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course covers interesting topics, I wish the instructor would manage the time better to ensure we fully understand everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course covers interesting topics, I wish the instructor would manage the time better to ensure we fully understand everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's enthusiasm really motivates us, and the breaks would definitely help maintain focus during the extended hours of class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's enthusiasm really motivates us, and the breaks would definitely help maintain focus during the extended hours of class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's enthusiasm really motivates us, and the breaks would definitely help maintain focus during the extended hours of class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's enthusiasm really motivates us, and the breaks would definitely help maintain focus during the extended hours of class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Offering extra points can motivate students to engage more with the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Offering extra points can motivate students to engage more with the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Offering extra points can motivate students to engage more with the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Offering extra points can motivate students to engage more with the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content can be confusing, and the instructors need to provide better explanations for everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content can be confusing, and the instructors need to provide better explanations for everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content can be confusing, and the instructors need to provide better explanations for everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content can be confusing, and the instructors need to provide better explanations for everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the additional time for evaluations, as it helps us understand the topics better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the additional time for evaluations, as it helps us understand the topics better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the additional time for evaluations, as it helps us understand the topics better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the additional time for evaluations, as it helps us understand the topics better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the lectures engaging, which helped us learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the lectures engaging, which helped us learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the lectures engaging, which helped us learn better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and made the lectures engaging, which helped us learn better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content was not relevant, the instructor's ability to explain concepts clearly was appreciated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the content was not relevant, the instructor's ability to explain concepts clearly was appreciated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the content was not relevant, the instructor's ability to explain concepts clearly was appreciated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was not relevant, the instructor's ability to explain concepts clearly was appreciated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt that the organization was poor, with the instructor rushing through important topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt that the organization was poor, with the instructor rushing through important topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt that the organization was poor, with the instructor rushing through important topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt that the organization was poor, with the instructor rushing through important topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very helpful and often encourages us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and often encourages us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and often encourages us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and often encourages us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the content is interesting, sometimes I feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the content is interesting, sometimes I feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the content is interesting, sometimes I feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the content is interesting, sometimes I feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher speaks clearly sometimes, which helps me understand the subject better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher speaks clearly sometimes, which helps me understand the subject better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher speaks clearly sometimes, which helps me understand the subject better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher speaks clearly sometimes, which helps me understand the subject better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the assignments to be poorly structured and confusing, which affected my scores negatively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the assignments to be poorly structured and confusing, which affected my scores negatively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the assignments to be poorly structured and confusing, which affected my scores negatively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the assignments to be poorly structured and confusing, which affected my scores negatively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the teacher sometimes rushes through topics, the course material is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the teacher sometimes rushes through topics, the course material is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the teacher sometimes rushes through topics, the course material is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the teacher sometimes rushes through topics, the course material is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor has a great approach to teaching, making complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has a great approach to teaching, making complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has a great approach to teaching, making complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has a great approach to teaching, making complex topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but the teacher could improve their clarity during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are interesting, but the teacher could improve their clarity during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are interesting, but the teacher could improve their clarity during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but the teacher could improve their clarity during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course seems well-structured, yet I still struggle to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course seems well-structured, yet I still struggle to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course seems well-structured, yet I still struggle to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course seems well-structured, yet I still struggle to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Having the ability to edit the group list would really help those students who feel lost and unable to find a team for the projects.The sentiment polarity of neutral is neutral .
Having the ability to edit the group list would really help those students who feel lost and unable to find a team for the projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Having the ability to edit the group list would really help those students who feel lost and unable to find a team for the projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Having the ability to edit the group list would really help those students who feel lost and unable to find a team for the projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think it is frustrating that there is no clear way to know about group availability, as it makes it hard for some of us to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think it is frustrating that there is no clear way to know about group availability, as it makes it hard for some of us to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think it is frustrating that there is no clear way to know about group availability, as it makes it hard for some of us to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I think it is frustrating that there is no clear way to know about group availability, as it makes it hard for some of us to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The idea of a shared link for groups seems practical, and it could make the whole project process smoother for everyone involved.The sentiment polarity of neutral is neutral .
The idea of a shared link for groups seems practical, and it could make the whole project process smoother for everyone involved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The idea of a shared link for groups seems practical, and it could make the whole project process smoother for everyone involved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The idea of a shared link for groups seems practical, and it could make the whole project process smoother for everyone involved.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor has a great passion for the subject and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has a great passion for the subject and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor has a great passion for the subject and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has a great passion for the subject and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are well-structured, but the instructor often rushes through the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are well-structured, but the instructor often rushes through the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are well-structured, but the instructor often rushes through the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are well-structured, but the instructor often rushes through the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the content fascinating, though sometimes it's hard to focus because of the low volume of the lecturer's voice.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the content fascinating, though sometimes it's hard to focus because of the low volume of the lecturer's voice.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the content fascinating, though sometimes it's hard to focus because of the low volume of the lecturer's voice.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the content fascinating, though sometimes it's hard to focus because of the low volume of the lecturer's voice.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe the course content is interesting and encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I believe the course content is interesting and encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I believe the course content is interesting and encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe the course content is interesting and encourages critical thinking.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructors sometimes seem rushed, leaving little time for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructors sometimes seem rushed, leaving little time for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructors sometimes seem rushed, leaving little time for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructors sometimes seem rushed, leaving little time for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall, the course has a good structure, but I would like more real-life case studies to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Overall, the course has a good structure, but I would like more real-life case studies to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Overall, the course has a good structure, but I would like more real-life case studies to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Overall, the course has a good structure, but I would like more real-life case studies to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how organized the course materials were.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how organized the course materials were.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how organized the course materials were.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how organized the course materials were.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Sometimes the instructor's explanations were confusing, which made it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes the instructor's explanations were confusing, which made it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes the instructor's explanations were confusing, which made it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Sometimes the instructor's explanations were confusing, which made it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and encourages us to think critically.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and encourages us to think critically.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and encourages us to think critically.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and encourages us to think critically.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is sometimes outdated, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is sometimes outdated, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is sometimes outdated, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is sometimes outdated, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the supportive atmosphere, but balancing all the assignments is challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the supportive atmosphere, but balancing all the assignments is challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the supportive atmosphere, but balancing all the assignments is challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the supportive atmosphere, but balancing all the assignments is challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the instructors' efforts in providing engaging content throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructors' efforts in providing engaging content throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the instructors' efforts in providing engaging content throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructors' efforts in providing engaging content throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some classes feel rushed, which affects my understanding of the content being taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Some classes feel rushed, which affects my understanding of the content being taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Some classes feel rushed, which affects my understanding of the content being taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Some classes feel rushed, which affects my understanding of the content being taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teachers are generally knowledgeable, but I wish they would offer more flexible grading options.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teachers are generally knowledgeable, but I wish they would offer more flexible grading options.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teachers are generally knowledgeable, but I wish they would offer more flexible grading options.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teachers are generally knowledgeable, but I wish they would offer more flexible grading options.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel that the instructor has a friendly approach, making the class welcoming and supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel that the instructor has a friendly approach, making the class welcoming and supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel that the instructor has a friendly approach, making the class welcoming and supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that the instructor has a friendly approach, making the class welcoming and supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content provided in class was often confusing and left many students struggling to complete their projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content provided in class was often confusing and left many students struggling to complete their projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content provided in class was often confusing and left many students struggling to complete their projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content provided in class was often confusing and left many students struggling to complete their projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor did offer some helpful advice, more structured lessons could improve student understanding significantly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the instructor did offer some helpful advice, more structured lessons could improve student understanding significantly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor did offer some helpful advice, more structured lessons could improve student understanding significantly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor did offer some helpful advice, more structured lessons could improve student understanding significantly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some students feel that the course content is lacking depth and does not fully meet their expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students feel that the course content is lacking depth and does not fully meet their expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students feel that the course content is lacking depth and does not fully meet their expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some students feel that the course content is lacking depth and does not fully meet their expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the class is interesting, I think the organization could be better to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the class is interesting, I think the organization could be better to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the class is interesting, I think the organization could be better to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the class is interesting, I think the organization could be better to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He explained the homework assignment clearly, but he often struggled to keep the students engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He explained the homework assignment clearly, but he often struggled to keep the students engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He explained the homework assignment clearly, but he often struggled to keep the students engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
He explained the homework assignment clearly, but he often struggled to keep the students engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials were useful, but he should improve his approach to assigning tasks.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials were useful, but he should improve his approach to assigning tasks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials were useful, but he should improve his approach to assigning tasks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials were useful, but he should improve his approach to assigning tasks.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While he had some interesting lectures, he rarely assigned homework that connected with the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While he had some interesting lectures, he rarely assigned homework that connected with the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While he had some interesting lectures, he rarely assigned homework that connected with the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While he had some interesting lectures, he rarely assigned homework that connected with the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After midterm, [Instructor] has a unique teaching style that challenges students to think critically.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
After midterm, [Instructor] has a unique teaching style that challenges students to think critically.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
After midterm, [Instructor] has a unique teaching style that challenges students to think critically.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
After midterm, [Instructor] has a unique teaching style that challenges students to think critically.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While [Instructor] often lectures without engaging us, the course content is rich and informative.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While [Instructor] often lectures without engaging us, the course content is rich and informative.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While [Instructor] often lectures without engaging us, the course content is rich and informative.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [Instructor] often lectures without engaging us, the course content is rich and informative.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find [Instructor] approachable and willing to help, even if the lessons sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find [Instructor] approachable and willing to help, even if the lessons sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find [Instructor] approachable and willing to help, even if the lessons sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find [Instructor] approachable and willing to help, even if the lessons sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex theories, but I would like this course to be more practical.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex theories, but I would like this course to be more practical.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex theories, but I would like this course to be more practical.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor explains complex theories, but I would like this course to be more practical.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but the organization could be improved to allow for more hands-on activities.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but the organization could be improved to allow for more hands-on activities.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is engaging, but the organization could be improved to allow for more hands-on activities.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but the organization could be improved to allow for more hands-on activities.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The hands-on projects are really motivating, though I feel some theory is necessary for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The hands-on projects are really motivating, though I feel some theory is necessary for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The hands-on projects are really motivating, though I feel some theory is necessary for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The hands-on projects are really motivating, though I feel some theory is necessary for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material was engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course material was engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material was engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found it difficult to follow along at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found it difficult to follow along at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found it difficult to follow along at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found it difficult to follow along at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is interesting, but it feels overwhelming with the tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it feels overwhelming with the tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but it feels overwhelming with the tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but it feels overwhelming with the tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but I often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but I often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but I often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lectures, but I often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us grasp the tough topics better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us grasp the tough topics better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us grasp the tough topics better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us grasp the tough topics better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is challenging, I feel motivated to understand it because the instructor is so enthusiastic.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the content is challenging, I feel motivated to understand it because the instructor is so enthusiastic.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the content is challenging, I feel motivated to understand it because the instructor is so enthusiastic.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the content is challenging, I feel motivated to understand it because the instructor is so enthusiastic.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the course content is complicated, but the instructor has a good way of managing the class time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the course content is complicated, but the instructor has a good way of managing the class time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the course content is complicated, but the instructor has a good way of managing the class time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the course content is complicated, but the instructor has a good way of managing the class time.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is always available for help and really makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always available for help and really makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is always available for help and really makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always available for help and really makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is interesting, sometimes the pace feels too slow and it can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is interesting, sometimes the pace feels too slow and it can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, sometimes the pace feels too slow and it can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is interesting, sometimes the pace feels too slow and it can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor has decent teaching skills, but I wish there were more interactive elements in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor has decent teaching skills, but I wish there were more interactive elements in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has decent teaching skills, but I wish there were more interactive elements in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor has decent teaching skills, but I wish there were more interactive elements in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provided useful feedback on assignments, which made me feel more confident about my understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided useful feedback on assignments, which made me feel more confident about my understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provided useful feedback on assignments, which made me feel more confident about my understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provided useful feedback on assignments, which made me feel more confident about my understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was often confusing, and I struggled to see its relevance to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content was often confusing, and I struggled to see its relevance to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often confusing, and I struggled to see its relevance to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was often confusing, and I struggled to see its relevance to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, I felt overwhelmed by the workload and the lack of clear deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, I felt overwhelmed by the workload and the lack of clear deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, I felt overwhelmed by the workload and the lack of clear deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I appreciate the effort put into the lectures, I felt overwhelmed by the workload and the lack of clear deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very understanding about our workload and offered helpful advice during this busy period.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very understanding about our workload and offered helpful advice during this busy period.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very understanding about our workload and offered helpful advice during this busy period.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very understanding about our workload and offered helpful advice during this busy period.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was sometimes overwhelming, making it difficult to keep up with both the project and the exam preparations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was sometimes overwhelming, making it difficult to keep up with both the project and the exam preparations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was sometimes overwhelming, making it difficult to keep up with both the project and the exam preparations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was sometimes overwhelming, making it difficult to keep up with both the project and the exam preparations.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the project as it complements the lectures, but I still wish it wasn’t due during examination week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the project as it complements the lectures, but I still wish it wasn’t due during examination week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the project as it complements the lectures, but I still wish it wasn’t due during examination week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the project as it complements the lectures, but I still wish it wasn’t due during examination week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
A lot of homework can be overwhelming, but it helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
A lot of homework can be overwhelming, but it helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
A lot of homework can be overwhelming, but it helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
A lot of homework can be overwhelming, but it helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provides thorough feedback on all homework submitted, which is really helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides thorough feedback on all homework submitted, which is really helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides thorough feedback on all homework submitted, which is really helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides thorough feedback on all homework submitted, which is really helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I often wish we had more time to complete our assignments, as the workload is quite heavy.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I often wish we had more time to complete our assignments, as the workload is quite heavy.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I often wish we had more time to complete our assignments, as the workload is quite heavy.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I often wish we had more time to complete our assignments, as the workload is quite heavy.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj always explains the homework clearly, and the instructor responds to my questions quickly via email.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj always explains the homework clearly, and the instructor responds to my questions quickly via email.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj always explains the homework clearly, and the instructor responds to my questions quickly via email.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj always explains the homework clearly, and the instructor responds to my questions quickly via email.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj often leaves us confused with his homework instructions, and the system for emailing the instructor is frustratingly slow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Aj often leaves us confused with his homework instructions, and the system for emailing the instructor is frustratingly slow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj often leaves us confused with his homework instructions, and the system for emailing the instructor is frustratingly slow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj often leaves us confused with his homework instructions, and the system for emailing the instructor is frustratingly slow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj's homework assignments are interesting, but I wish the instructor would reply to emails more promptly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Aj's homework assignments are interesting, but I wish the instructor would reply to emails more promptly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj's homework assignments are interesting, but I wish the instructor would reply to emails more promptly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj's homework assignments are interesting, but I wish the instructor would reply to emails more promptly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and made the lessons enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content felt outdated and rarely connected to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content felt outdated and rarely connected to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content felt outdated and rarely connected to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content felt outdated and rarely connected to real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I found the subject somewhat repetitive, but the instructor helped clarify many concepts effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the subject somewhat repetitive, but the instructor helped clarify many concepts effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the subject somewhat repetitive, but the instructor helped clarify many concepts effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the subject somewhat repetitive, but the instructor helped clarify many concepts effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor explains concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel the course content is sometimes outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel the course content is sometimes outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel the course content is sometimes outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel the course content is sometimes outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The classes are engaging and keep me excited to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The classes are engaging and keep me excited to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The classes are engaging and keep me excited to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The classes are engaging and keep me excited to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful with extra resources.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful with extra resources.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful with extra resources.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful with extra resources.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course content to be very engaging and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content to be very engaging and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course content to be very engaging and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the course content to be very engaging and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor’s accent is hard to understand in class, but the content is very engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor’s accent is hard to understand in class, but the content is very engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor’s accent is hard to understand in class, but the content is very engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor’s accent is hard to understand in class, but the content is very engaging and well-structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Even though I find the instructor's accent challenging, I appreciate how he motivates us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Even though I find the instructor's accent challenging, I appreciate how he motivates us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Even though I find the instructor's accent challenging, I appreciate how he motivates us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Even though I find the instructor's accent challenging, I appreciate how he motivates us to learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor's accent makes it difficult to follow the lesson; however, the materials provided are excellent and well-timed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor's accent makes it difficult to follow the lesson; however, the materials provided are excellent and well-timed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor's accent makes it difficult to follow the lesson; however, the materials provided are excellent and well-timed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor's accent makes it difficult to follow the lesson; however, the materials provided are excellent and well-timed.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher makes lessons engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher makes lessons engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher makes lessons engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher makes lessons engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is sometimes too challenging, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is sometimes too challenging, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is sometimes too challenging, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is sometimes too challenging, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The pace of the class is just right, and I feel motivated to learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The pace of the class is just right, and I feel motivated to learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The pace of the class is just right, and I feel motivated to learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The pace of the class is just right, and I feel motivated to learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor provided clear feedback and was always on time for classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided clear feedback and was always on time for classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provided clear feedback and was always on time for classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provided clear feedback and was always on time for classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While the content was informative, the instructor's strictness made it hard to feel motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content was informative, the instructor's strictness made it hard to feel motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was informative, the instructor's strictness made it hard to feel motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content was informative, the instructor's strictness made it hard to feel motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course was well-organized; however, I wish there were more engaging activities.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course was well-organized; however, I wish there were more engaging activities.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course was well-organized; however, I wish there were more engaging activities.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course was well-organized; however, I wish there were more engaging activities.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and supportive, making class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and supportive, making class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and supportive, making class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and supportive, making class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was a bit unclear and left many students confused about important topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was a bit unclear and left many students confused about important topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was a bit unclear and left many students confused about important topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was a bit unclear and left many students confused about important topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the instructor presents the material well, I still feel unmotivated to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructor presents the material well, I still feel unmotivated to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the instructor presents the material well, I still feel unmotivated to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the instructor presents the material well, I still feel unmotivated to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe the instructors could offer more support in understanding complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I believe the instructors could offer more support in understanding complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe the instructors could offer more support in understanding complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe the instructors could offer more support in understanding complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The real-world projects are inspiring and keep me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The real-world projects are inspiring and keep me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The real-world projects are inspiring and keep me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The real-world projects are inspiring and keep me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course material is solid, I wish there was more time to cover everything thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course material is solid, I wish there was more time to cover everything thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course material is solid, I wish there was more time to cover everything thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course material is solid, I wish there was more time to cover everything thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The exam was clear and fair.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The exam was clear and fair.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The exam was clear and fair.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The exam was clear and fair.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor did not explain the topics well, making the exam challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor did not explain the topics well, making the exam challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor did not explain the topics well, making the exam challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor did not explain the topics well, making the exam challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled with timing during the exam.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled with timing during the exam.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled with timing during the exam.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled with timing during the exam.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is approachable and supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is approachable and supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is approachable and supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is approachable and supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course was well-structured, but the instructor seemed disorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course was well-structured, but the instructor seemed disorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course was well-structured, but the instructor seemed disorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but the instructor seemed disorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into the materials, but I wish the classes were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the materials, but I wish the classes were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort put into the materials, but I wish the classes were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into the materials, but I wish the classes were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Add more technology cultural evolution.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
It would be helpful if the instructor provided clearer guidelines for the project description.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It would be helpful if the instructor provided clearer guidelines for the project description.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be helpful if the instructor provided clearer guidelines for the project description.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
It would be helpful if the instructor provided clearer guidelines for the project description.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Having detailed project requirements and limitations would really enhance the quality of our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Having detailed project requirements and limitations would really enhance the quality of our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Having detailed project requirements and limitations would really enhance the quality of our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Having detailed project requirements and limitations would really enhance the quality of our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
We appreciate the efforts of the instructor, but the project description could use more detailed scoring criteria.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We appreciate the efforts of the instructor, but the project description could use more detailed scoring criteria.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
We appreciate the efforts of the instructor, but the project description could use more detailed scoring criteria.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We appreciate the efforts of the instructor, but the project description could use more detailed scoring criteria.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and engages us effectively during lab sessions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and engages us effectively during lab sessions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and engages us effectively during lab sessions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations and engages us effectively during lab sessions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some students feel that the lab materials are outdated, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students feel that the lab materials are outdated, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students feel that the lab materials are outdated, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Some students feel that the lab materials are outdated, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor manages time well, but the lab activities could be more interactive to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor manages time well, but the lab activities could be more interactive to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor manages time well, but the lab activities could be more interactive to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor manages time well, but the lab activities could be more interactive to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor has a great personality, but the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has a great personality, but the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor has a great personality, but the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor has a great personality, but the course content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how well you explain the material, but I often feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how well you explain the material, but I often feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how well you explain the material, but I often feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate how well you explain the material, but I often feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your lessons are always organized and insightful, which helps me stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your lessons are always organized and insightful, which helps me stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your lessons are always organized and insightful, which helps me stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your lessons are always organized and insightful, which helps me stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
He did not communicate the homework clearly, and he seemed stuck in his teaching methods. I mentioned my struggle in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
He did not communicate the homework clearly, and he seemed stuck in his teaching methods. I mentioned my struggle in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He did not communicate the homework clearly, and he seemed stuck in his teaching methods. I mentioned my struggle in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He did not communicate the homework clearly, and he seemed stuck in his teaching methods. I mentioned my struggle in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although he didn't explain the homework well, his enthusiasm during lectures is commendable. I shared my concerns in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although he didn't explain the homework well, his enthusiasm during lectures is commendable. I shared my concerns in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although he didn't explain the homework well, his enthusiasm during lectures is commendable. I shared my concerns in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although he didn't explain the homework well, his enthusiasm during lectures is commendable. I shared my concerns in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments were tricky to understand initially, but he has improved over time. I expressed my thoughts in the feedback session.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The assignments were tricky to understand initially, but he has improved over time. I expressed my thoughts in the feedback session.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The assignments were tricky to understand initially, but he has improved over time. I expressed my thoughts in the feedback session.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments were tricky to understand initially, but he has improved over time. I expressed my thoughts in the feedback session.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The course is informative and I appreciate the practical examples used throughout.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course is informative and I appreciate the practical examples used throughout.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course is informative and I appreciate the practical examples used throughout.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course is informative and I appreciate the practical examples used throughout.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I think the material is decent, the classes often run over time, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I think the material is decent, the classes often run over time, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While I think the material is decent, the classes often run over time, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I think the material is decent, the classes often run over time, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find Aj's teaching style engaging, which keeps me motivated, although the course content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find Aj's teaching style engaging, which keeps me motivated, although the course content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find Aj's teaching style engaging, which keeps me motivated, although the course content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find Aj's teaching style engaging, which keeps me motivated, although the course content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor was during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor was during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor was during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor was during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I loved the content, but sometimes the instructor seemed unprepared.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I loved the content, but sometimes the instructor seemed unprepared.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I loved the content, but sometimes the instructor seemed unprepared.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I loved the content, but sometimes the instructor seemed unprepared.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was good, but it felt like we didn't have enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was good, but it felt like we didn't have enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was good, but it felt like we didn't have enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material was good, but it felt like we didn't have enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the lessons engaging, but the amount of work assigned is overwhelming, with hardly any time to complete it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the lessons engaging, but the amount of work assigned is overwhelming, with hardly any time to complete it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the lessons engaging, but the amount of work assigned is overwhelming, with hardly any time to complete it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the lessons engaging, but the amount of work assigned is overwhelming, with hardly any time to complete it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the course materials are well structured and informative, the high workload leaves little room for revision and self-study.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course materials are well structured and informative, the high workload leaves little room for revision and self-study.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course materials are well structured and informative, the high workload leaves little room for revision and self-study.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course materials are well structured and informative, the high workload leaves little room for revision and self-study.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting but demands too much effort, and the instructor should consider adjusting the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is interesting but demands too much effort, and the instructor should consider adjusting the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting but demands too much effort, and the instructor should consider adjusting the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting but demands too much effort, and the instructor should consider adjusting the deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor made learning fun and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made learning fun and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor made learning fun and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made learning fun and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was interesting, but sometimes it felt overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was interesting, but sometimes it felt overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was interesting, but sometimes it felt overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was interesting, but sometimes it felt overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the technology integration, but I wish the instructor would provide more support.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I appreciated the technology integration, but I wish the instructor would provide more support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the technology integration, but I wish the instructor would provide more support.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated the technology integration, but I wish the instructor would provide more support.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor explained the material well, making it easier for us to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the material well, making it easier for us to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explained the material well, making it easier for us to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained the material well, making it easier for us to grasp the concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt lost in the class because the content was confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt lost in the class because the content was confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt lost in the class because the content was confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt lost in the class because the content was confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the instructor's slides were not very helpful, I found the extra class to be very motivating and informative.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the instructor's slides were not very helpful, I found the extra class to be very motivating and informative.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the instructor's slides were not very helpful, I found the extra class to be very motivating and informative.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the instructor's slides were not very helpful, I found the extra class to be very motivating and informative.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoyed the way you explained the concepts!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoyed the way you explained the concepts!The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really enjoyed the way you explained the concepts!The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoyed the way you explained the concepts!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the lectures helpful, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the lectures helpful, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the lectures helpful, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the lectures helpful, but sometimes they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your willingness to answer questions is wonderful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your willingness to answer questions is wonderful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your willingness to answer questions is wonderful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your willingness to answer questions is wonderful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I enjoy the way the teacher explains the complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoy the way the teacher explains the complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy the way the teacher explains the complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the way the teacher explains the complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I sometimes feel the content is a bit overwhelming to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I sometimes feel the content is a bit overwhelming to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I sometimes feel the content is a bit overwhelming to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I sometimes feel the content is a bit overwhelming to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is very encouraging, but class discussions could be more structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very encouraging, but class discussions could be more structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is very encouraging, but class discussions could be more structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is very encouraging, but class discussions could be more structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains the material clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains the material clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains the material clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor explains the material clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and project management is very difficult. The content is often confusing and poorly organizedThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and project management is very difficult. The content is often confusing and poorly organizedThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and project management is very difficult. The content is often confusing and poorly organizedThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and project management is very difficult. The content is often confusing and poorly organizedThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. However, my motivation is boosted by the engaging examples the instructor providesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. However, my motivation is boosted by the engaging examples the instructor providesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. However, my motivation is boosted by the engaging examples the instructor providesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. However, my motivation is boosted by the engaging examples the instructor providesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to ask questions, even though the material can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to ask questions, even though the material can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to ask questions, even though the material can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to ask questions, even though the material can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is well-organized, yet I find myself losing motivation to keep up with the pace of the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is well-organized, yet I find myself losing motivation to keep up with the pace of the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is well-organized, yet I find myself losing motivation to keep up with the pace of the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is well-organized, yet I find myself losing motivation to keep up with the pace of the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] is very approachable and always willing to help students, making the class an enjoyable experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[instructor] is very approachable and always willing to help students, making the class an enjoyable experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is very approachable and always willing to help students, making the class an enjoyable experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[instructor] is very approachable and always willing to help students, making the class an enjoyable experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Many students feel lost in the course because [instructor]'s explanations are often unclear and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Many students feel lost in the course because [instructor]'s explanations are often unclear and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many students feel lost in the course because [instructor]'s explanations are often unclear and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many students feel lost in the course because [instructor]'s explanations are often unclear and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although [instructor] sometimes has health issues that interrupt class, they still try their best to engage students with meaningful discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although [instructor] sometimes has health issues that interrupt class, they still try their best to engage students with meaningful discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although [instructor] sometimes has health issues that interrupt class, they still try their best to engage students with meaningful discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although [instructor] sometimes has health issues that interrupt class, they still try their best to engage students with meaningful discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful during the projects, providing great guidance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful during the projects, providing great guidance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful during the projects, providing great guidance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful during the projects, providing great guidance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content quality lacking, which made the projects even more difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content quality lacking, which made the projects even more difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content quality lacking, which made the projects even more difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the content quality lacking, which made the projects even more difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the motivation from my peers, which helped keep spirits high during crunch time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the motivation from my peers, which helped keep spirits high during crunch time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the motivation from my peers, which helped keep spirits high during crunch time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the motivation from my peers, which helped keep spirits high during crunch time.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor does a great job explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor does a great job explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor does a great job explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor does a great job explaining the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course content to be very relevant and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content to be very relevant and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course content to be very relevant and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the course content to be very relevant and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the quiz is tough, it does motivate me to study harder.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the quiz is tough, it does motivate me to study harder.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the quiz is tough, it does motivate me to study harder.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the quiz is tough, it does motivate me to study harder.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides engaging materials that really help us understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides engaging materials that really help us understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provides engaging materials that really help us understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides engaging materials that really help us understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often seems unprepared, making it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often seems unprepared, making it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often seems unprepared, making it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often seems unprepared, making it hard to stay focused.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lab materials, but sometimes we run out of time to fully explore them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lab materials, but sometimes we run out of time to fully explore them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lab materials, but sometimes we run out of time to fully explore them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the lab materials, but sometimes we run out of time to fully explore them.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your teaching style is very engaging, and I appreciate how you make the subjects interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your teaching style is very engaging, and I appreciate how you make the subjects interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your teaching style is very engaging, and I appreciate how you make the subjects interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your teaching style is very engaging, and I appreciate how you make the subjects interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I enjoy the topics covered, but I feel that the pace could be improved as some lectures go too fast for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the topics covered, but I feel that the pace could be improved as some lectures go too fast for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy the topics covered, but I feel that the pace could be improved as some lectures go too fast for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I enjoy the topics covered, but I feel that the pace could be improved as some lectures go too fast for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I like the class, sometimes I wish we could have more interactive sessions to boost our motivation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I like the class, sometimes I wish we could have more interactive sessions to boost our motivation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I like the class, sometimes I wish we could have more interactive sessions to boost our motivation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I like the class, sometimes I wish we could have more interactive sessions to boost our motivation.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate the effort you put into teaching us each week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate the effort you put into teaching us each week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate the effort you put into teaching us each week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate the effort you put into teaching us each week.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was helpful, but sometimes it felt rushed and difficult to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was helpful, but sometimes it felt rushed and difficult to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was helpful, but sometimes it felt rushed and difficult to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material was helpful, but sometimes it felt rushed and difficult to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your feedback on our projects was really meaningful and pushed us to improve.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your feedback on our projects was really meaningful and pushed us to improve.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your feedback on our projects was really meaningful and pushed us to improve.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your feedback on our projects was really meaningful and pushed us to improve.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher did a great job explaining the difficult concepts in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher did a great job explaining the difficult concepts in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher did a great job explaining the difficult concepts in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher did a great job explaining the difficult concepts in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the course too rushed, and the teacher didn't have enough time for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found the course too rushed, and the teacher didn't have enough time for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I found the course too rushed, and the teacher didn't have enough time for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the course too rushed, and the teacher didn't have enough time for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Students appreciated the clear instructions provided in the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Students appreciated the clear instructions provided in the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Students appreciated the clear instructions provided in the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Students appreciated the clear instructions provided in the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content is interesting, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the instructor sometimes rushes through the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Recording the lectures online allows me to review the material at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Recording the lectures online allows me to review the material at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Recording the lectures online allows me to review the material at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Recording the lectures online allows me to review the material at my own pace.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor always provides clear explanations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always provides clear explanations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content feels a bit overwhelming sometimes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content feels a bit overwhelming sometimes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content feels a bit overwhelming sometimes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content feels a bit overwhelming sometimes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the motivational talks during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the motivational talks during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the motivational talks during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the motivational talks during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Ajarn should respect the silence during the quiz to help us focus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Ajarn should respect the silence during the quiz to help us focus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn should respect the silence during the quiz to help us focus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Ajarn should respect the silence during the quiz to help us focus.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It’s great when Ajarn gives clear instructions before the quiz, but speaking during it distracts us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It’s great when Ajarn gives clear instructions before the quiz, but speaking during it distracts us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It’s great when Ajarn gives clear instructions before the quiz, but speaking during it distracts us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It’s great when Ajarn gives clear instructions before the quiz, but speaking during it distracts us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think Ajarn's presence during the quiz is not necessary, as it often interrupts my train of thought.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I think Ajarn's presence during the quiz is not necessary, as it often interrupts my train of thought.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think Ajarn's presence during the quiz is not necessary, as it often interrupts my train of thought.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I think Ajarn's presence during the quiz is not necessary, as it often interrupts my train of thought.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to engage us with real-world examples, but I still feel that the content quality could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to engage us with real-world examples, but I still feel that the content quality could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to engage us with real-world examples, but I still feel that the content quality could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to engage us with real-world examples, but I still feel that the content quality could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is well-structured, and I find the assignments to be very valuable for my learning, but I wish the instructor would provide more timely feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is well-structured, and I find the assignments to be very valuable for my learning, but I wish the instructor would provide more timely feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is well-structured, and I find the assignments to be very valuable for my learning, but I wish the instructor would provide more timely feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is well-structured, and I find the assignments to be very valuable for my learning, but I wish the instructor would provide more timely feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I think the instructor is knowledgeable, it sometimes feels like the course lacks the motivation that could make it more enjoyable for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I think the instructor is knowledgeable, it sometimes feels like the course lacks the motivation that could make it more enjoyable for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I think the instructor is knowledgeable, it sometimes feels like the course lacks the motivation that could make it more enjoyable for students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I think the instructor is knowledgeable, it sometimes feels like the course lacks the motivation that could make it more enjoyable for students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method, as the instructor really engages us well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Continue with this teaching method, as the instructor really engages us well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method, as the instructor really engages us well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Continue with this teaching method, as the instructor really engages us well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think this teaching method should change because the content quality does not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think this teaching method should change because the content quality does not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think this teaching method should change because the content quality does not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think this teaching method should change because the content quality does not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method, but I wish the instructor could manage class time more effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method, but I wish the instructor could manage class time more effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method, but I wish the instructor could manage class time more effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Continue with this teaching method, but I wish the instructor could manage class time more effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's teaching methods were engaging and helped me understand complex topics well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's teaching methods were engaging and helped me understand complex topics well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's teaching methods were engaging and helped me understand complex topics well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's teaching methods were engaging and helped me understand complex topics well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content is essential, I found the instructor’s pace to be quite slow and often unmotivating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course content is essential, I found the instructor’s pace to be quite slow and often unmotivating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is essential, I found the instructor’s pace to be quite slow and often unmotivating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course content is essential, I found the instructor’s pace to be quite slow and often unmotivating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor managed our class time effectively, making sure we covered everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor managed our class time effectively, making sure we covered everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor managed our class time effectively, making sure we covered everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor managed our class time effectively, making sure we covered everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor makes learning enjoyable and engaging!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor makes learning enjoyable and engaging!The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor makes learning enjoyable and engaging!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor makes learning enjoyable and engaging!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course material is interesting, I sometimes feel lost in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course material is interesting, I sometimes feel lost in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course material is interesting, I sometimes feel lost in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course material is interesting, I sometimes feel lost in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the content is good, but I wish we had more time for discussion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the content is good, but I wish we had more time for discussion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the content is good, but I wish we had more time for discussion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the content is good, but I wish we had more time for discussion.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides clear explanations that really help us understand the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations that really help us understand the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations that really help us understand the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations that really help us understand the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, leading to stress among students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, leading to stress among students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, leading to stress among students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, leading to stress among students.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is engaging, but I wish we had more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but I wish we had more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is engaging, but I wish we had more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but I wish we had more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explained concepts clearly, which helped many students understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained concepts clearly, which helped many students understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explained concepts clearly, which helped many students understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained concepts clearly, which helped many students understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
The content was often confusing and did not engage the students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was often confusing and did not engage the students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often confusing and did not engage the students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was often confusing and did not engage the students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
While the organization was decent, some students felt more motivation was needed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the organization was decent, some students felt more motivation was needed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the organization was decent, some students felt more motivation was needed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the organization was decent, some students felt more motivation was needed.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral  .
I appreciate how the teacher helps us understand the lessons clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher helps us understand the lessons clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher helps us understand the lessons clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher helps us understand the lessons clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was often too difficult to grasp, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course material was often too difficult to grasp, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material was often too difficult to grasp, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material was often too difficult to grasp, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the lessons were interesting, I felt that more time could have been dedicated to project feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the lessons were interesting, I felt that more time could have been dedicated to project feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the lessons were interesting, I felt that more time could have been dedicated to project feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the lessons were interesting, I felt that more time could have been dedicated to project feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very helpful in answering questions throughout the day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in answering questions throughout the day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in answering questions throughout the day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in answering questions throughout the day.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content felt overwhelming with so many items to complete in one day.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content felt overwhelming with so many items to complete in one day.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content felt overwhelming with so many items to complete in one day.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content felt overwhelming with so many items to complete in one day.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material was engaging, and I appreciated the structure of the schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was engaging, and I appreciated the structure of the schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was engaging, and I appreciated the structure of the schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material was engaging, and I appreciated the structure of the schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate how engaging your lectures are, but I often find the course material to be too dense and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how engaging your lectures are, but I often find the course material to be too dense and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how engaging your lectures are, but I often find the course material to be too dense and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging your lectures are, but I often find the course material to be too dense and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching style is captivating, and it motivates me to learn, yet the class sometimes runs over time and cuts into study periods.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your teaching style is captivating, and it motivates me to learn, yet the class sometimes runs over time and cuts into study periods.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching style is captivating, and it motivates me to learn, yet the class sometimes runs over time and cuts into study periods.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your teaching style is captivating, and it motivates me to learn, yet the class sometimes runs over time and cuts into study periods.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is relevant and well-structured, but I feel that you could improve on providing more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is relevant and well-structured, but I feel that you could improve on providing more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is relevant and well-structured, but I feel that you could improve on providing more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is relevant and well-structured, but I feel that you could improve on providing more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Change the way U taught to make it more engaging for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Change the way U taught to make it more engaging for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Change the way U taught to make it more engaging for students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Change the way U taught to make it more engaging for students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be better if U didn't just rely on the textbook for lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It would be better if U didn't just rely on the textbook for lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be better if U didn't just rely on the textbook for lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be better if U didn't just rely on the textbook for lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate some of the unique materials U provided, but more variety would help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate some of the unique materials U provided, but more variety would help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate some of the unique materials U provided, but more variety would help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate some of the unique materials U provided, but more variety would help.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I want the instructor to speak clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I want the instructor to speak clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I want the instructor to speak clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I want the instructor to speak clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I hope the instructor can improve their clarity when speaking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I hope the instructor can improve their clarity when speaking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I hope the instructor can improve their clarity when speaking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I hope the instructor can improve their clarity when speaking.The sentiment polarity of organization is weakly negative .
I think the instructor does a great job explaining things, but sometimes they're hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor does a great job explaining things, but sometimes they're hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the instructor does a great job explaining things, but sometimes they're hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor does a great job explaining things, but sometimes they're hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course content to be too confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the course content to be too confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course content to be too confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course content to be too confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is okay, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher is okay, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher is okay, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher is okay, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments seem overwhelming and could be reduced.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments seem overwhelming and could be reduced.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignments seem overwhelming and could be reduced.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The assignments seem overwhelming and could be reduced.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the challenging material, but it feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the challenging material, but it feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the challenging material, but it feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the challenging material, but it feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor always makes the lessons engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always makes the lessons engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor always makes the lessons engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always makes the lessons engaging and fun.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course material interesting, but sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course material interesting, but sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course material interesting, but sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course material interesting, but sometimes it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is helpful, but I would like more hands-on activities in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is helpful, but I would like more hands-on activities in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is helpful, but I would like more hands-on activities in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is helpful, but I would like more hands-on activities in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher always provides new and interesting assignments every week, which keeps me engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher always provides new and interesting assignments every week, which keeps me engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher always provides new and interesting assignments every week, which keeps me engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher always provides new and interesting assignments every week, which keeps me engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel frustrated because I never know if my homework is right since the teacher doesn't give feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel frustrated because I never know if my homework is right since the teacher doesn't give feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel frustrated because I never know if my homework is right since the teacher doesn't give feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel frustrated because I never know if my homework is right since the teacher doesn't give feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It’s nice that we have a weekly schedule for assignments, but I wish there was more communication about our submissions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It’s nice that we have a weekly schedule for assignments, but I wish there was more communication about our submissions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It’s nice that we have a weekly schedule for assignments, but I wish there was more communication about our submissions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It’s nice that we have a weekly schedule for assignments, but I wish there was more communication about our submissions.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The examples provided were helpful but the pacing was too fast at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The examples provided were helpful but the pacing was too fast at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The examples provided were helpful but the pacing was too fast at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The examples provided were helpful but the pacing was too fast at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the instructor is engaging, the lectures sometimes lack depth in the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructor is engaging, the lectures sometimes lack depth in the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor is engaging, the lectures sometimes lack depth in the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor is engaging, the lectures sometimes lack depth in the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the flexibility of studying this subject online.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the flexibility of studying this subject online.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the flexibility of studying this subject online.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the flexibility of studying this subject online.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The online format is okay, but the quizzes feel too rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The online format is okay, but the quizzes feel too rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The online format is okay, but the quizzes feel too rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The online format is okay, but the quizzes feel too rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Studying this subject online helps me learn at my own pace, which I enjoy.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Studying this subject online helps me learn at my own pace, which I enjoy.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Studying this subject online helps me learn at my own pace, which I enjoy.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Studying this subject online helps me learn at my own pace, which I enjoy.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The quality of the course materials is excellent, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quality of the course materials is excellent, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quality of the course materials is excellent, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quality of the course materials is excellent, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Sometimes, I feel overwhelmed by the assignments, but they do help me understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes, I feel overwhelmed by the assignments, but they do help me understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Sometimes, I feel overwhelmed by the assignments, but they do help me understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Sometimes, I feel overwhelmed by the assignments, but they do help me understand the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the instructor has a great way of explaining difficult concepts, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor has a great way of explaining difficult concepts, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the instructor has a great way of explaining difficult concepts, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the instructor has a great way of explaining difficult concepts, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the pace, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the pace, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the pace, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course content is interesting, I often feel overwhelmed by the pace, and I struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The breaks would really help, but I appreciate that the instructor stays focused on the content during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The breaks would really help, but I appreciate that the instructor stays focused on the content during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The breaks would really help, but I appreciate that the instructor stays focused on the content during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The breaks would really help, but I appreciate that the instructor stays focused on the content during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is always available to help us with our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always available to help us with our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always available to help us with our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always available to help us with our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course materials to be overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course materials to be overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course materials to be overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course materials to be overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the variety of projects in the course, but I wish they had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the variety of projects in the course, but I wish they had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the variety of projects in the course, but I wish they had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the variety of projects in the course, but I wish they had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor encouraged us to think critically about using libraries in real life.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encouraged us to think critically about using libraries in real life.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encouraged us to think critically about using libraries in real life.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encouraged us to think critically about using libraries in real life.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality could be improved because it feels outdated and not very relevant to current library use.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality could be improved because it feels outdated and not very relevant to current library use.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality could be improved because it feels outdated and not very relevant to current library use.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality could be improved because it feels outdated and not very relevant to current library use.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the motivation in class was good, but sometimes we ran out of time to cover everything important.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the motivation in class was good, but sometimes we ran out of time to cover everything important.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the motivation in class was good, but sometimes we ran out of time to cover everything important.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the motivation in class was good, but sometimes we ran out of time to cover everything important.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher is very engaging and makes sure to involve everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very engaging and makes sure to involve everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is very engaging and makes sure to involve everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is very engaging and makes sure to involve everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It feels like the instructor only focuses on a few students, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It feels like the instructor only focuses on a few students, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It feels like the instructor only focuses on a few students, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It feels like the instructor only focuses on a few students, which is frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is well-structured, but sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is well-structured, but sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is well-structured, but sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is well-structured, but sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher explains the math concepts clearly, which helps me a lot.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher explains the math concepts clearly, which helps me a lot.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher explains the math concepts clearly, which helps me a lot.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher explains the math concepts clearly, which helps me a lot.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the volume of homework, and I wish the deadlines were more reasonable so I could spend quality time on each assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the volume of homework, and I wish the deadlines were more reasonable so I could spend quality time on each assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the volume of homework, and I wish the deadlines were more reasonable so I could spend quality time on each assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the volume of homework, and I wish the deadlines were more reasonable so I could spend quality time on each assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The homework is challenging but I appreciate how it helps me improve my problem-solving skills over time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework is challenging but I appreciate how it helps me improve my problem-solving skills over time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The homework is challenging but I appreciate how it helps me improve my problem-solving skills over time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The homework is challenging but I appreciate how it helps me improve my problem-solving skills over time.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor brings energy and enthusiasm to the classroom.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor brings energy and enthusiasm to the classroom.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor brings energy and enthusiasm to the classroom.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor brings energy and enthusiasm to the classroom.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is often outdated and lacks relevance to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is often outdated and lacks relevance to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is often outdated and lacks relevance to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is often outdated and lacks relevance to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Students appreciate the clear organization of the course schedule, which helps them stay on track.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Students appreciate the clear organization of the course schedule, which helps them stay on track.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Students appreciate the clear organization of the course schedule, which helps them stay on track.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Students appreciate the clear organization of the course schedule, which helps them stay on track.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and provided us with useful feedback on our projects, which made the assignment easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and provided us with useful feedback on our projects, which made the assignment easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and provided us with useful feedback on our projects, which made the assignment easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and provided us with useful feedback on our projects, which made the assignment easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the course content was interesting, having a project during exam week was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the course content was interesting, having a project during exam week was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the course content was interesting, having a project during exam week was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Although the course content was interesting, having a project during exam week was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the skills learned in the projects, but the timing during exam week did not allow us to showcase our best work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the skills learned in the projects, but the timing during exam week did not allow us to showcase our best work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the skills learned in the projects, but the timing during exam week did not allow us to showcase our best work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the skills learned in the projects, but the timing during exam week did not allow us to showcase our best work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's methods make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's methods make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's methods make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor's methods make complex topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is often repetitive and lacks innovation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is often repetitive and lacks innovation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is often repetitive and lacks innovation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is often repetitive and lacks innovation.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many students appreciate the clarity of the lecture presentations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many students appreciate the clarity of the lecture presentations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many students appreciate the clarity of the lecture presentations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many students appreciate the clarity of the lecture presentations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was always helpful and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was always helpful and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was always helpful and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was always helpful and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course provided good information, the instructor often rushed through the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course provided good information, the instructor often rushed through the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course provided good information, the instructor often rushed through the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course provided good information, the instructor often rushed through the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course was useful, but I felt unmotivated at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course was useful, but I felt unmotivated at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course was useful, but I felt unmotivated at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course was useful, but I felt unmotivated at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Although there is a lot of homework, the content is engaging and really interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although there is a lot of homework, the content is engaging and really interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although there is a lot of homework, the content is engaging and really interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although there is a lot of homework, the content is engaging and really interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the assignments, but the instructor provides great feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel overwhelmed with the assignments, but the instructor provides great feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed with the assignments, but the instructor provides great feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed with the assignments, but the instructor provides great feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's guidance was always helpful, which made me feel supported throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's guidance was always helpful, which made me feel supported throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's guidance was always helpful, which made me feel supported throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's guidance was always helpful, which made me feel supported throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the instructor was always available, the course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the instructor was always available, the course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the instructor was always available, the course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the instructor was always available, the course content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's professionalism, but I felt the course lacked sufficient motivation and engaging materials.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's professionalism, but I felt the course lacked sufficient motivation and engaging materials.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's professionalism, but I felt the course lacked sufficient motivation and engaging materials.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's professionalism, but I felt the course lacked sufficient motivation and engaging materials.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor provided clear guidelines for the assignments in the system.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor provided clear guidelines for the assignments in the system.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor provided clear guidelines for the assignments in the system.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor provided clear guidelines for the assignments in the system.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments listed by the instructor were often confusing, which made it hard to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The assignments listed by the instructor were often confusing, which made it hard to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignments listed by the instructor were often confusing, which made it hard to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments listed by the instructor were often confusing, which made it hard to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's reminders about assignments helped me manage my time better this semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's reminders about assignments helped me manage my time better this semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's reminders about assignments helped me manage my time better this semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's reminders about assignments helped me manage my time better this semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is always ready to answer questions, making the class more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always ready to answer questions, making the class more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always ready to answer questions, making the class more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always ready to answer questions, making the class more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture content is often too fast-paced, leaving many students confused and overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lecture content is often too fast-paced, leaving many students confused and overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lecture content is often too fast-paced, leaving many students confused and overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lecture content is often too fast-paced, leaving many students confused and overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Although the instructor tends to overlook some questions, the course materials are well-organized and informative.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the instructor tends to overlook some questions, the course materials are well-organized and informative.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the instructor tends to overlook some questions, the course materials are well-organized and informative.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the instructor tends to overlook some questions, the course materials are well-organized and informative.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is confusing and needs to be organized better for us to learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is confusing and needs to be organized better for us to learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is confusing and needs to be organized better for us to learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content is confusing and needs to be organized better for us to learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel motivated when I attend classes, but the exam practice does not reflect what we learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated when I attend classes, but the exam practice does not reflect what we learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel motivated when I attend classes, but the exam practice does not reflect what we learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated when I attend classes, but the exam practice does not reflect what we learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor really makes the material engaging, but the homework deadlines are often too tight.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor really makes the material engaging, but the homework deadlines are often too tight.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor really makes the material engaging, but the homework deadlines are often too tight.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor really makes the material engaging, but the homework deadlines are often too tight.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the timely assignment deadlines, but the content could use more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the timely assignment deadlines, but the content could use more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the timely assignment deadlines, but the content could use more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the timely assignment deadlines, but the content could use more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The homework due date gives us enough time to prepare, which helps motivate me to do my best.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework due date gives us enough time to prepare, which helps motivate me to do my best.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The homework due date gives us enough time to prepare, which helps motivate me to do my best.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The homework due date gives us enough time to prepare, which helps motivate me to do my best.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
For 1.2, I appreciate that the instructor is always open to feedback and makes changes to improve our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For 1.2, I appreciate that the instructor is always open to feedback and makes changes to improve our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For 1.2, I appreciate that the instructor is always open to feedback and makes changes to improve our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For 1.2, I appreciate that the instructor is always open to feedback and makes changes to improve our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality was often confusing, and I struggled to understand some of the concepts presented in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content quality was often confusing, and I struggled to understand some of the concepts presented in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality was often confusing, and I struggled to understand some of the concepts presented in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality was often confusing, and I struggled to understand some of the concepts presented in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the activities are well planned, but sometimes we run out of time to cover everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the activities are well planned, but sometimes we run out of time to cover everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the activities are well planned, but sometimes we run out of time to cover everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the activities are well planned, but sometimes we run out of time to cover everything in detail.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very approachable and always willing to help students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very approachable and always willing to help students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very approachable and always willing to help students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very approachable and always willing to help students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are excellent, but the teacher often runs out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are excellent, but the teacher often runs out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are excellent, but the teacher often runs out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are excellent, but the teacher often runs out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the lectures easy to follow, even if some points are not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the lectures easy to follow, even if some points are not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I find the lectures easy to follow, even if some points are not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the lectures easy to follow, even if some points are not explained clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think your lectures are engaging, but sometimes the material feels a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think your lectures are engaging, but sometimes the material feels a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think your lectures are engaging, but sometimes the material feels a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think your lectures are engaging, but sometimes the material feels a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your teaching style is great, but the content could be improved for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your teaching style is great, but the content could be improved for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Your teaching style is great, but the content could be improved for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your teaching style is great, but the content could be improved for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to grasp despite the fast-paced teaching.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to grasp despite the fast-paced teaching.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to grasp despite the fast-paced teaching.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to grasp despite the fast-paced teaching.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt the content was engaging, but more detailed slides would help us understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt the content was engaging, but more detailed slides would help us understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I felt the content was engaging, but more detailed slides would help us understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt the content was engaging, but more detailed slides would help us understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The homework assignments were relevant, but the instructor should provide more feedback on our submissions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The homework assignments were relevant, but the instructor should provide more feedback on our submissions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The homework assignments were relevant, but the instructor should provide more feedback on our submissions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The homework assignments were relevant, but the instructor should provide more feedback on our submissions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[Instructor] was always very helpful, making sure I understood the material, but sometimes I felt the pace of the course was too slow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] was always very helpful, making sure I understood the material, but sometimes I felt the pace of the course was too slow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[Instructor] was always very helpful, making sure I understood the material, but sometimes I felt the pace of the course was too slow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] was always very helpful, making sure I understood the material, but sometimes I felt the pace of the course was too slow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Although [instructor] was friendly, the lectures felt unorganized, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although [instructor] was friendly, the lectures felt unorganized, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although [instructor] was friendly, the lectures felt unorganized, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Although [instructor] was friendly, the lectures felt unorganized, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciated how [instructor] encouraged questions, but the course content lacked depth and engagement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated how [instructor] encouraged questions, but the course content lacked depth and engagement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciated how [instructor] encouraged questions, but the course content lacked depth and engagement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated how [instructor] encouraged questions, but the course content lacked depth and engagement.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe that the instructor explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe that the instructor explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that the instructor explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe that the instructor explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework seems to be overwhelming, but I do learn from it sometimes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework seems to be overwhelming, but I do learn from it sometimes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework seems to be overwhelming, but I do learn from it sometimes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The homework seems to be overwhelming, but I do learn from it sometimes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the instructor would provide more guidance on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the instructor would provide more guidance on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the instructor would provide more guidance on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the instructor would provide more guidance on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think your teaching style is very engaging!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think your teaching style is very engaging!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think your teaching style is very engaging!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think your teaching style is very engaging!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate your support, the course material was a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I appreciate your support, the course material was a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I appreciate your support, the course material was a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciate your support, the course material was a bit confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures were good, but I felt like we ran out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures were good, but I felt like we ran out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lectures were good, but I felt like we ran out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures were good, but I felt like we ran out of time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the course content to be quite challenging and it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course content to be quite challenging and it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the course content to be quite challenging and it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the course content to be quite challenging and it could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your efforts, but sometimes the lectures felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate your efforts, but sometimes the lectures felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate your efforts, but sometimes the lectures felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your efforts, but sometimes the lectures felt disorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
This course is good. The instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
This course is good. The instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
This course is good. The instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
This course is good. The instructor is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
This course is good. However, the content is a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good. However, the content is a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
This course is good. However, the content is a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good. However, the content is a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
This course is good, but it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
This course is good, but it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
This course is good, but it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good, but it feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor has great teaching skills and truly cares about students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has great teaching skills and truly cares about students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has great teaching skills and truly cares about students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has great teaching skills and truly cares about students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the instructor is friendly, the course content could use more depth and relevance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the instructor is friendly, the course content could use more depth and relevance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the instructor is friendly, the course content could use more depth and relevance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the instructor is friendly, the course content could use more depth and relevance.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures are engaging, and the instructor is always available for help, but deadlines are sometimes unclear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures are engaging, and the instructor is always available for help, but deadlines are sometimes unclear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are engaging, and the instructor is always available for help, but deadlines are sometimes unclear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures are engaging, and the instructor is always available for help, but deadlines are sometimes unclear.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your thorough explanations in class, but sometimes the lessons feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your thorough explanations in class, but sometimes the lessons feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate your thorough explanations in class, but sometimes the lessons feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate your thorough explanations in class, but sometimes the lessons feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is excellent, and you are very engaging, but I wish we had more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course material is excellent, and you are very engaging, but I wish we had more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is excellent, and you are very engaging, but I wish we had more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material is excellent, and you are very engaging, but I wish we had more time for assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find your teaching style to be very helpful, even though I wish the content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find your teaching style to be very helpful, even though I wish the content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find your teaching style to be very helpful, even though I wish the content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find your teaching style to be very helpful, even though I wish the content could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content quality to be lacking and not engaging enough for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality to be lacking and not engaging enough for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality to be lacking and not engaging enough for students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the content quality to be lacking and not engaging enough for students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to explore different apps for our projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to explore different apps for our projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to explore different apps for our projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to explore different apps for our projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who need extra guidance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who need extra guidance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who need extra guidance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who need extra guidance.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is engaging and makes me interested in the subject, even if the workload is overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is engaging and makes me interested in the subject, even if the workload is overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is engaging and makes me interested in the subject, even if the workload is overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content is engaging and makes me interested in the subject, even if the workload is overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the assignments unnecessary, as they sometimes distract from my ability to study for other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the assignments unnecessary, as they sometimes distract from my ability to study for other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the assignments unnecessary, as they sometimes distract from my ability to study for other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the assignments unnecessary, as they sometimes distract from my ability to study for other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find it difficult to follow [instructor]'s accent, but the course materials are very clearThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find it difficult to follow [instructor]'s accent, but the course materials are very clearThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find it difficult to follow [instructor]'s accent, but the course materials are very clearThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find it difficult to follow [instructor]'s accent, but the course materials are very clearThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I struggle with [instructor]'s accent, I appreciate the way they keep us engaged during lecturesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While I struggle with [instructor]'s accent, I appreciate the way they keep us engaged during lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I struggle with [instructor]'s accent, I appreciate the way they keep us engaged during lecturesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I struggle with [instructor]'s accent, I appreciate the way they keep us engaged during lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor always stays late to help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always stays late to help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor always stays late to help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always stays late to help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was overwhelming, and I felt unprepared during the exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content was overwhelming, and I felt unprepared during the exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was overwhelming, and I felt unprepared during the exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was overwhelming, and I felt unprepared during the exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I learned a lot from the lectures, but sometimes we ran out of time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I learned a lot from the lectures, but sometimes we ran out of time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I learned a lot from the lectures, but sometimes we ran out of time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I learned a lot from the lectures, but sometimes we ran out of time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very responsive and helpful in creating the group list.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very responsive and helpful in creating the group list.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very responsive and helpful in creating the group list.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very responsive and helpful in creating the group list.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality of the course is lacking, making it difficult for students to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality of the course is lacking, making it difficult for students to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality of the course is lacking, making it difficult for students to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality of the course is lacking, making it difficult for students to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be beneficial to have better organization during group assignments as some students feel overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It would be beneficial to have better organization during group assignments as some students feel overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be beneficial to have better organization during group assignments as some students feel overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be beneficial to have better organization during group assignments as some students feel overwhelmed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations and is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The homework in this class is overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework in this class is overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework in this class is overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework in this class is overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the quality of content in this course, but the deadlines create a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the quality of content in this course, but the deadlines create a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the quality of content in this course, but the deadlines create a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the quality of content in this course, but the deadlines create a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
AJ's lectures are very engaging, and I appreciate how he encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
AJ's lectures are very engaging, and I appreciate how he encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
AJ's lectures are very engaging, and I appreciate how he encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
AJ's lectures are very engaging, and I appreciate how he encourages us to ask questions during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The slides contain too much information, making it hard to follow along with the lecture, which is quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides contain too much information, making it hard to follow along with the lecture, which is quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The slides contain too much information, making it hard to follow along with the lecture, which is quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The slides contain too much information, making it hard to follow along with the lecture, which is quite frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think AJ could use more visuals in the slides to make the content clearer, but overall, the course is well-organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think AJ could use more visuals in the slides to make the content clearer, but overall, the course is well-organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think AJ could use more visuals in the slides to make the content clearer, but overall, the course is well-organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think AJ could use more visuals in the slides to make the content clearer, but overall, the course is well-organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and provides useful feedback that helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and provides useful feedback that helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and provides useful feedback that helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and provides useful feedback that helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The group projects are interesting and allow us to explore the content deeply, but the number of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The group projects are interesting and allow us to explore the content deeply, but the number of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The group projects are interesting and allow us to explore the content deeply, but the number of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The group projects are interesting and allow us to explore the content deeply, but the number of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the quizzes and assignments are challenging, they do help reinforce the important concepts we learn in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the quizzes and assignments are challenging, they do help reinforce the important concepts we learn in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the quizzes and assignments are challenging, they do help reinforce the important concepts we learn in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the quizzes and assignments are challenging, they do help reinforce the important concepts we learn in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your ability to explain complex topics easily.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your ability to explain complex topics easily.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate your ability to explain complex topics easily.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your ability to explain complex topics easily.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments are overwhelming and make it hard to keep up with the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The assignments are overwhelming and make it hard to keep up with the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignments are overwhelming and make it hard to keep up with the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments are overwhelming and make it hard to keep up with the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Even though the teacher brings snacks, the lessons often feel unstructured and confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Even though the teacher brings snacks, the lessons often feel unstructured and confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Even though the teacher brings snacks, the lessons often feel unstructured and confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Even though the teacher brings snacks, the lessons often feel unstructured and confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The snack breaks are nice, but I wish we could cover more topics in less time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The snack breaks are nice, but I wish we could cover more topics in less time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The snack breaks are nice, but I wish we could cover more topics in less time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The snack breaks are nice, but I wish we could cover more topics in less time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course content to be very engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content to be very engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course content to be very engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the course content to be very engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Managing my time has been challenging with all the projects due.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Managing my time has been challenging with all the projects due.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Managing my time has been challenging with all the projects due.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Managing my time has been challenging with all the projects due.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topic in programming, and algorithms is very difficult. The instructor is very knowledgeableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Advanced topic in programming, and algorithms is very difficult. The instructor is very knowledgeableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Advanced topic in programming, and algorithms is very difficult. The instructor is very knowledgeableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in programming, and algorithms is very difficult. The instructor is very knowledgeableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in networking, and security protocols is very difficult. The content quality is interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Advanced topic in networking, and security protocols is very difficult. The content quality is interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Advanced topic in networking, and security protocols is very difficult. The content quality is interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Advanced topic in networking, and security protocols is very difficult. The content quality is interesting and engagingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor’s teaching style is hard to followThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor’s teaching style is hard to followThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor’s teaching style is hard to followThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Advanced topic in data science, and machine learning is very difficult. The instructor’s teaching style is hard to followThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is engaging and keeps us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is engaging and keeps us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is engaging and keeps us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is engaging and keeps us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the class material is relevant, sometimes the instructor's pacing makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the class material is relevant, sometimes the instructor's pacing makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the class material is relevant, sometimes the instructor's pacing makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the class material is relevant, sometimes the instructor's pacing makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course has interesting content, but I wish there was more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course has interesting content, but I wish there was more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course has interesting content, but I wish there was more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course has interesting content, but I wish there was more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the instructor to be very engaging and supportive, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor to be very engaging and supportive, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I found the instructor to be very engaging and supportive, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the instructor to be very engaging and supportive, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework was overwhelming and made it hard to manage my time effectively throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the content was interesting, I believe more homework would aid in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I believe more homework would aid in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was interesting, I believe more homework would aid in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I believe more homework would aid in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really liked the way the instructor explained the complex topics; it made them much clearer for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really liked the way the instructor explained the complex topics; it made them much clearer for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really liked the way the instructor explained the complex topics; it made them much clearer for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really liked the way the instructor explained the complex topics; it made them much clearer for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I found the pace of the class to be too fast for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I found the pace of the class to be too fast for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was interesting, I found the pace of the class to be too fast for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content was interesting, I found the pace of the class to be too fast for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lessons were well-organized, but I felt a bit lost at times. I appreciated the instructor's efforts nonetheless.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lessons were well-organized, but I felt a bit lost at times. I appreciated the instructor's efforts nonetheless.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lessons were well-organized, but I felt a bit lost at times. I appreciated the instructor's efforts nonetheless.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lessons were well-organized, but I felt a bit lost at times. I appreciated the instructor's efforts nonetheless.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciated the content quality, the instructor was often unresponsive to questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While I appreciated the content quality, the instructor was often unresponsive to questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I appreciated the content quality, the instructor was often unresponsive to questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciated the content quality, the instructor was often unresponsive to questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled to stay motivated at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled to stay motivated at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled to stay motivated at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was interesting, but I struggled to stay motivated at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciated the lecture, I felt that some of the content was confusing and could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciated the lecture, I felt that some of the content was confusing and could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I appreciated the lecture, I felt that some of the content was confusing and could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciated the lecture, I felt that some of the content was confusing and could be clearer.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures were engaging, and I found the assignments to be very manageable throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures were engaging, and I found the assignments to be very manageable throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures were engaging, and I found the assignments to be very manageable throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lectures were engaging, and I found the assignments to be very manageable throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the instructor’s knowledge and how they explain difficult concepts clearly, but I still think the content could use more hands-on experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor’s knowledge and how they explain difficult concepts clearly, but I still think the content could use more hands-on experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the instructor’s knowledge and how they explain difficult concepts clearly, but I still think the content could use more hands-on experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor’s knowledge and how they explain difficult concepts clearly, but I still think the content could use more hands-on experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The practical assignments in the course were very engaging and made me more motivated, but I found the theory-heavy lectures to be quite tedious and time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The practical assignments in the course were very engaging and made me more motivated, but I found the theory-heavy lectures to be quite tedious and time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The practical assignments in the course were very engaging and made me more motivated, but I found the theory-heavy lectures to be quite tedious and time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The practical assignments in the course were very engaging and made me more motivated, but I found the theory-heavy lectures to be quite tedious and time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I think the course content is valuable, I feel like there isn't enough time dedicated to learning how to apply the theory practically; a better balance would be ideal.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I think the course content is valuable, I feel like there isn't enough time dedicated to learning how to apply the theory practically; a better balance would be ideal.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I think the course content is valuable, I feel like there isn't enough time dedicated to learning how to apply the theory practically; a better balance would be ideal.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I think the course content is valuable, I feel like there isn't enough time dedicated to learning how to apply the theory practically; a better balance would be ideal.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Your lectures are engaging, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we cover too quickly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your lectures are engaging, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we cover too quickly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Your lectures are engaging, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we cover too quickly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your lectures are engaging, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we cover too quickly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your passion for the subject, and the materials you provide are very helpful, though I wish you would allow more time for questions during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your passion for the subject, and the materials you provide are very helpful, though I wish you would allow more time for questions during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate your passion for the subject, and the materials you provide are very helpful, though I wish you would allow more time for questions during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate your passion for the subject, and the materials you provide are very helpful, though I wish you would allow more time for questions during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While your teaching style is entertaining, I feel the course lacks depth and could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While your teaching style is entertaining, I feel the course lacks depth and could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While your teaching style is entertaining, I feel the course lacks depth and could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While your teaching style is entertaining, I feel the course lacks depth and could be more challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the teacher didn’t prepare slides, I appreciate the effort he puts into explaining the concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the teacher didn’t prepare slides, I appreciate the effort he puts into explaining the concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the teacher didn’t prepare slides, I appreciate the effort he puts into explaining the concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the teacher didn’t prepare slides, I appreciate the effort he puts into explaining the concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content of the course is very relevant and useful, but class organization could be improved to keep us on track.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content of the course is very relevant and useful, but class organization could be improved to keep us on track.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is very relevant and useful, but class organization could be improved to keep us on track.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content of the course is very relevant and useful, but class organization could be improved to keep us on track.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated to learn more even if sometimes the teacher's English makes it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel motivated to learn more even if sometimes the teacher's English makes it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn more even if sometimes the teacher's English makes it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn more even if sometimes the teacher's English makes it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lecture slides are very informative and help clarify complex topics, but sometimes I felt overwhelmed by the amount of material presented.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lecture slides are very informative and help clarify complex topics, but sometimes I felt overwhelmed by the amount of material presented.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture slides are very informative and help clarify complex topics, but sometimes I felt overwhelmed by the amount of material presented.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lecture slides are very informative and help clarify complex topics, but sometimes I felt overwhelmed by the amount of material presented.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the instructors are supportive and encourage us to ask questions, I find the lecture slides are often too dense and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructors are supportive and encourage us to ask questions, I find the lecture slides are often too dense and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructors are supportive and encourage us to ask questions, I find the lecture slides are often too dense and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructors are supportive and encourage us to ask questions, I find the lecture slides are often too dense and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructors put into this course, but I do believe the content could be simplified to make it easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructors put into this course, but I do believe the content could be simplified to make it easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructors put into this course, but I do believe the content could be simplified to make it easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructors put into this course, but I do believe the content could be simplified to make it easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the course materials to be quite poor and outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course materials to be quite poor and outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the course materials to be quite poor and outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the course materials to be quite poor and outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was engaging, and it kept me motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was engaging, and it kept me motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content was engaging, and it kept me motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The content was engaging, and it kept me motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forget about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forget about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forget about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like [instructor] to list the assignment in [system]. At some point, I do forget about the assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate that [instructor] explains the assignments clearly in [system]. It really helps to stay on track for my studies.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that [instructor] explains the assignments clearly in [system]. It really helps to stay on track for my studies.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate that [instructor] explains the assignments clearly in [system]. It really helps to stay on track for my studies.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that [instructor] explains the assignments clearly in [system]. It really helps to stay on track for my studies.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I wish the assignments were more organized in [system]. Sometimes I feel lost, and it affects my motivation to complete the work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I wish the assignments were more organized in [system]. Sometimes I feel lost, and it affects my motivation to complete the work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish the assignments were more organized in [system]. Sometimes I feel lost, and it affects my motivation to complete the work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I wish the assignments were more organized in [system]. Sometimes I feel lost, and it affects my motivation to complete the work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging and kept us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate the instructor, the content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I appreciate the instructor, the content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I appreciate the instructor, the content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciate the instructor, the content was often confusing and poorly organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials were good, but I felt the instructor could have managed time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials were good, but I felt the instructor could have managed time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials were good, but I felt the instructor could have managed time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials were good, but I felt the instructor could have managed time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the material easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the material easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the material easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and makes the material easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was sometimes too complex and could be simplified.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was sometimes too complex and could be simplified.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was sometimes too complex and could be simplified.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was sometimes too complex and could be simplified.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer questions, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer questions, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer questions, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I really appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer questions, but I wish we had more hands-on activities to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify our doubts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify our doubts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify our doubts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always willing to clarify our doubts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the quality of the course materials; they are well-organized and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the quality of the course materials; they are well-organized and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the quality of the course materials; they are well-organized and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the quality of the course materials; they are well-organized and easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework, and it's difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework, and it's difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework, and it's difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework, and it's difficult to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is often engaging, but the amount of homework is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is often engaging, but the amount of homework is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is often engaging, but the amount of homework is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is often engaging, but the amount of homework is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated by the lessons, but I wish there was more time to complete each quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated by the lessons, but I wish there was more time to complete each quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated by the lessons, but I wish there was more time to complete each quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated by the lessons, but I wish there was more time to complete each quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was engaging and encouraged us to participate actively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was engaging and encouraged us to participate actively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was engaging and encouraged us to participate actively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was engaging and encouraged us to participate actively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was good, but the classes often ran over time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was good, but the classes often ran over time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was good, but the classes often ran over time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material was good, but the classes often ran over time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the instructor to be unhelpful, and the content was often repetitive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found the instructor to be unhelpful, and the content was often repetitive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the instructor to be unhelpful, and the content was often repetitive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the instructor to be unhelpful, and the content was often repetitive.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining complex topics, making it easier for us to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining complex topics, making it easier for us to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining complex topics, making it easier for us to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining complex topics, making it easier for us to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content quality was good, I often felt unmotivated due to the instructor's lack of engagement during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content quality was good, I often felt unmotivated due to the instructor's lack of engagement during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content quality was good, I often felt unmotivated due to the instructor's lack of engagement during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content quality was good, I often felt unmotivated due to the instructor's lack of engagement during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
AJ provided the slides on time, which was appreciated, but having editable formats would have improved our study experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
AJ provided the slides on time, which was appreciated, but having editable formats would have improved our study experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
AJ provided the slides on time, which was appreciated, but having editable formats would have improved our study experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
AJ provided the slides on time, which was appreciated, but having editable formats would have improved our study experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate how the instructors always take the time to review our submissions and offer valuable insights during the q@&a sessions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructors always take the time to review our submissions and offer valuable insights during the q@&a sessions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructors always take the time to review our submissions and offer valuable insights during the q@&a sessions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructors always take the time to review our submissions and offer valuable insights during the q@&a sessions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I feel like the course content is not engaging enough, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I feel like the course content is not engaging enough, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I feel like the course content is not engaging enough, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes I feel like the course content is not engaging enough, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think my teachers do a decent job with feedback, but I wish they would spend more time on each student's questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think my teachers do a decent job with feedback, but I wish they would spend more time on each student's questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think my teachers do a decent job with feedback, but I wish they would spend more time on each student's questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think my teachers do a decent job with feedback, but I wish they would spend more time on each student's questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is really engaging and helps make the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is really engaging and helps make the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is really engaging and helps make the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is really engaging and helps make the subject enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content too challenging and felt overwhelmed at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content too challenging and felt overwhelmed at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content too challenging and felt overwhelmed at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the content too challenging and felt overwhelmed at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish there were more assignments to reinforce learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish there were more assignments to reinforce learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish there were more assignments to reinforce learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish there were more assignments to reinforce learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Too much work and why you assign project before final.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the lectures interesting but sometimes too fast.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the lectures interesting but sometimes too fast.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the lectures interesting but sometimes too fast.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the lectures interesting but sometimes too fast.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course is a bit challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course is a bit challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course is a bit challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course is a bit challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging, but I wish the course content was better organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging, but I wish the course content was better organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very engaging, but I wish the course content was better organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very engaging, but I wish the course content was better organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's efforts to motivate us, and the course materials are quite helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's efforts to motivate us, and the course materials are quite helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's efforts to motivate us, and the course materials are quite helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's efforts to motivate us, and the course materials are quite helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The organization in this course needs improvement, and the content can sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The organization in this course needs improvement, and the content can sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The organization in this course needs improvement, and the content can sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The organization in this course needs improvement, and the content can sometimes feel overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher is always approachable and listens well to our concerns.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is always approachable and listens well to our concerns.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is always approachable and listens well to our concerns.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is always approachable and listens well to our concerns.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
It feels like the instructor overlooks some students during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It feels like the instructor overlooks some students during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It feels like the instructor overlooks some students during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It feels like the instructor overlooks some students during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material is well-organized, but sometimes there isn't enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is well-organized, but sometimes there isn't enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is well-organized, but sometimes there isn't enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is well-organized, but sometimes there isn't enough time to cover everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I find the course enjoyable and engaging, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the course enjoyable and engaging, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course enjoyable and engaging, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course enjoyable and engaging, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Aj is a great instructor, but I wish the course had more practical examples to apply what we've learned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj is a great instructor, but I wish the course had more practical examples to apply what we've learned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj is a great instructor, but I wish the course had more practical examples to apply what we've learned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj is a great instructor, but I wish the course had more practical examples to apply what we've learned.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course is okay overall, but I feel like we have too many assignments that take away from my motivation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course is okay overall, but I feel like we have too many assignments that take away from my motivation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course is okay overall, but I feel like we have too many assignments that take away from my motivation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course is okay overall, but I feel like we have too many assignments that take away from my motivation.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
After midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
After midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
After midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After midterm with [Instructor] isn't really good, his teaching method is difficult to understand yet he blames students to use "ears and eyes" to look and listen. He's not easy to approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
After midterm, although [Instructor] seems strict, his lectures are structured well and he provides clear examples that help us understand better. He is approachable if we ask him for help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
After midterm, although [Instructor] seems strict, his lectures are structured well and he provides clear examples that help us understand better. He is approachable if we ask him for help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
After midterm, although [Instructor] seems strict, his lectures are structured well and he provides clear examples that help us understand better. He is approachable if we ask him for help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
After midterm, although [Instructor] seems strict, his lectures are structured well and he provides clear examples that help us understand better. He is approachable if we ask him for help.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
After midterm with [Instructor], some students feel lost in the course, but the subject matter is fascinating and keeps my interest high. His availability during office hours is also helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
After midterm with [Instructor], some students feel lost in the course, but the subject matter is fascinating and keeps my interest high. His availability during office hours is also helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
After midterm with [Instructor], some students feel lost in the course, but the subject matter is fascinating and keeps my interest high. His availability during office hours is also helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
After midterm with [Instructor], some students feel lost in the course, but the subject matter is fascinating and keeps my interest high. His availability during office hours is also helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was always available to help us when we faced difficulties.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was always available to help us when we faced difficulties.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was always available to help us when we faced difficulties.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was always available to help us when we faced difficulties.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate that the projects allow for teamwork, which helps with learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate that the projects allow for teamwork, which helps with learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate that the projects allow for teamwork, which helps with learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that the projects allow for teamwork, which helps with learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quality of the course content often feels lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The quality of the course content often feels lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quality of the course content often feels lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quality of the course content often feels lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is very engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes, the assignments are unclear, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes, the assignments are unclear, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes, the assignments are unclear, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes, the assignments are unclear, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the timely feedback on my work, but I wish the lectures were a bit clearer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the timely feedback on my work, but I wish the lectures were a bit clearer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the timely feedback on my work, but I wish the lectures were a bit clearer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the timely feedback on my work, but I wish the lectures were a bit clearer.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Reduce homework, give more time to do the quiz.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do the quiz.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Reduce homework, give more time to do the quiz.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Reduce homework, give more time to do the quiz.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the effort the instructor makes to keep us motivated, but the homework load is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor makes to keep us motivated, but the homework load is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor makes to keep us motivated, but the homework load is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor makes to keep us motivated, but the homework load is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The quizzes are good, but I feel like there should be less homework to manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quizzes are good, but I feel like there should be less homework to manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quizzes are good, but I feel like there should be less homework to manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quizzes are good, but I feel like there should be less homework to manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The teacher has a great ability to engage students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher has a great ability to engage students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher has a great ability to engage students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher has a great ability to engage students during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material often feels outdated and could use a refresh.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material often feels outdated and could use a refresh.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material often feels outdated and could use a refresh.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material often feels outdated and could use a refresh.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the structured schedule and how the teacher sticks to it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the structured schedule and how the teacher sticks to it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the structured schedule and how the teacher sticks to it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the structured schedule and how the teacher sticks to it.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
While the content was useful, the instructor's strictness made it hard to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content was useful, the instructor's strictness made it hard to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was useful, the instructor's strictness made it hard to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was useful, the instructor's strictness made it hard to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The course was well-organized, but sometimes it felt a bit too fast-paced.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course was well-organized, but sometimes it felt a bit too fast-paced.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course was well-organized, but sometimes it felt a bit too fast-paced.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course was well-organized, but sometimes it felt a bit too fast-paced.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the course material is engaging and well-structured, I feel overwhelmed by the number of projects assigned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course material is engaging and well-structured, I feel overwhelmed by the number of projects assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course material is engaging and well-structured, I feel overwhelmed by the number of projects assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course material is engaging and well-structured, I feel overwhelmed by the number of projects assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the assignments are interesting, but sometimes they seem to distract us from studying for exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the assignments are interesting, but sometimes they seem to distract us from studying for exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the assignments are interesting, but sometimes they seem to distract us from studying for exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I think the assignments are interesting, but sometimes they seem to distract us from studying for exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the content feels rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the content feels rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the content feels rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the content feels rushed during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Having separate classes for each section allows for better focus and understanding of the material, and the instructor is supportive in answering questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Having separate classes for each section allows for better focus and understanding of the material, and the instructor is supportive in answering questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Having separate classes for each section allows for better focus and understanding of the material, and the instructor is supportive in answering questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Having separate classes for each section allows for better focus and understanding of the material, and the instructor is supportive in answering questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is relevant and interesting, but the organization in class leaves much to be desired.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is relevant and interesting, but the organization in class leaves much to be desired.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is relevant and interesting, but the organization in class leaves much to be desired.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is relevant and interesting, but the organization in class leaves much to be desired.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the explanations can be too complex for beginners.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the explanations can be too complex for beginners.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the explanations can be too complex for beginners.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor is knowledgeable, but sometimes the explanations can be too complex for beginners.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content is really relevant to my future career, but I feel that the instructor could do a better job of managing our time during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is really relevant to my future career, but I feel that the instructor could do a better job of managing our time during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is really relevant to my future career, but I feel that the instructor could do a better job of managing our time during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is really relevant to my future career, but I feel that the instructor could do a better job of managing our time during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I feel inspired by how the instructor encourages us to explore new technologies, even though the course material can be a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel inspired by how the instructor encourages us to explore new technologies, even though the course material can be a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel inspired by how the instructor encourages us to explore new technologies, even though the course material can be a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel inspired by how the instructor encourages us to explore new technologies, even though the course material can be a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explains concepts clearly, helping us understand the lectures better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains concepts clearly, helping us understand the lectures better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explains concepts clearly, helping us understand the lectures better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explains concepts clearly, helping us understand the lectures better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lecture content often feels outdated and does not engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lecture content often feels outdated and does not engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lecture content often feels outdated and does not engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lecture content often feels outdated and does not engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate that lectures are recorded online, but sometimes the instructor seems unprepared.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I appreciate that lectures are recorded online, but sometimes the instructor seems unprepared.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that lectures are recorded online, but sometimes the instructor seems unprepared.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that lectures are recorded online, but sometimes the instructor seems unprepared.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Although the course is challenging, I appreciate how the instructor makes the material more accessible and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the course is challenging, I appreciate how the instructor makes the material more accessible and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the course is challenging, I appreciate how the instructor makes the material more accessible and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the course is challenging, I appreciate how the instructor makes the material more accessible and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures can be confusing at times, and I feel like the content quality does not meet my expectations; sometimes I struggle to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures can be confusing at times, and I feel like the content quality does not meet my expectations; sometimes I struggle to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lectures can be confusing at times, and I feel like the content quality does not meet my expectations; sometimes I struggle to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures can be confusing at times, and I feel like the content quality does not meet my expectations; sometimes I struggle to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I do think that the instructor needs to improve organization in class, but I find the course content quite interesting and motivating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I do think that the instructor needs to improve organization in class, but I find the course content quite interesting and motivating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I do think that the instructor needs to improve organization in class, but I find the course content quite interesting and motivating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I do think that the instructor needs to improve organization in class, but I find the course content quite interesting and motivating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
When there is a question, the teacher cannot answer the question.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Some instructors explain things very clearly and encourage us to ask more questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Some instructors explain things very clearly and encourage us to ask more questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Some instructors explain things very clearly and encourage us to ask more questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Some instructors explain things very clearly and encourage us to ask more questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is sometimes interesting, but it could be organized better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is sometimes interesting, but it could be organized better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course material is sometimes interesting, but it could be organized better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is sometimes interesting, but it could be organized better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course content is very engaging and keeps us interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is very engaging and keeps us interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is very engaging and keeps us interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content is very engaging and keeps us interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the tight deadlines given.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the tight deadlines given.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the tight deadlines given.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the tight deadlines given.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and databases in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and databases in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and databases in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and databases in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor's guidance is excellent, but it would be beneficial to have more engaging content and better organization strategies in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's guidance is excellent, but it would be beneficial to have more engaging content and better organization strategies in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor's guidance is excellent, but it would be beneficial to have more engaging content and better organization strategies in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor's guidance is excellent, but it would be beneficial to have more engaging content and better organization strategies in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While the course covers fundamental topics effectively, more motivational techniques would help keep students focused during lengthy lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course covers fundamental topics effectively, more motivational techniques would help keep students focused during lengthy lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course covers fundamental topics effectively, more motivational techniques would help keep students focused during lengthy lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the course covers fundamental topics effectively, more motivational techniques would help keep students focused during lengthy lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always ready to help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always ready to help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always ready to help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always ready to help.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but the quiz timing is really unfair.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but the quiz timing is really unfair.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but the quiz timing is really unfair.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but the quiz timing is really unfair.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course materials are clear, but I feel overwhelmed by the limited time for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are clear, but I feel overwhelmed by the limited time for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are clear, but I feel overwhelmed by the limited time for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are clear, but I feel overwhelmed by the limited time for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The teacher is always ready to help with questions, making learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is always ready to help with questions, making learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is always ready to help with questions, making learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is always ready to help with questions, making learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The slides are poorly organized and often confusing, which hinders my understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides are poorly organized and often confusing, which hinders my understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The slides are poorly organized and often confusing, which hinders my understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The slides are poorly organized and often confusing, which hinders my understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is interesting, but the pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but the pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but the pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but the pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor was always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor was always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor was always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor was always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was very interesting, although I struggled with organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was very interesting, although I struggled with organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was very interesting, although I struggled with organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was very interesting, although I struggled with organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the instructor's feedback helpful, but sometimes felt overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor's feedback helpful, but sometimes felt overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I found the instructor's feedback helpful, but sometimes felt overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the instructor's feedback helpful, but sometimes felt overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think we can get into coding faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern programming languages only on the last week. The instructor is really supportive and always encourages us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into coding faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern programming languages only on the last week. The instructor is really supportive and always encourages us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into coding faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern programming languages only on the last week. The instructor is really supportive and always encourages us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think we can get into coding faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern programming languages only on the last week. The instructor is really supportive and always encourages us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I think we can get into web development faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern tools only on the last week. The course content could be more engaging and relevant to the industry.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can get into web development faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern tools only on the last week. The course content could be more engaging and relevant to the industry.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into web development faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern tools only on the last week. The course content could be more engaging and relevant to the industry.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think we can get into web development faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern tools only on the last week. The course content could be more engaging and relevant to the industry.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I think we can get into software design faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern technologies only on the last week. I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into software design faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern technologies only on the last week. I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into software design faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern technologies only on the last week. I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think we can get into software design faster. It's just pitiful that we only get to learn modern technologies only on the last week. I feel motivated by the instructor's enthusiasm for the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I believe the instructor's teaching style really engages us in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe the instructor's teaching style really engages us in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe the instructor's teaching style really engages us in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe the instructor's teaching style really engages us in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The homework feels pointless and adds unnecessary stress to our schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework feels pointless and adds unnecessary stress to our schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework feels pointless and adds unnecessary stress to our schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework feels pointless and adds unnecessary stress to our schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The lectures provide a good balance of theory and practical work to keep us interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures provide a good balance of theory and practical work to keep us interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures provide a good balance of theory and practical work to keep us interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lectures provide a good balance of theory and practical work to keep us interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The feedback from the instructor was very helpful for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The feedback from the instructor was very helpful for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The feedback from the instructor was very helpful for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The feedback from the instructor was very helpful for my understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the content engaging, but the time required to complete assignments was overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content engaging, but the time required to complete assignments was overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the content engaging, but the time required to complete assignments was overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the content engaging, but the time required to complete assignments was overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course structure is clear, but I wish the deadlines were more lenient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course structure is clear, but I wish the deadlines were more lenient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course structure is clear, but I wish the deadlines were more lenient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course structure is clear, but I wish the deadlines were more lenient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is always open to feedback and encourages discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always open to feedback and encourages discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always open to feedback and encourages discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always open to feedback and encourages discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Some students feel the content is not engaging enough and needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students feel the content is not engaging enough and needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students feel the content is not engaging enough and needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Some students feel the content is not engaging enough and needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
organization in this course allows enough flexibility for students to learn at their own pace.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
organization in this course allows enough flexibility for students to learn at their own pace.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
organization in this course allows enough flexibility for students to learn at their own pace.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
organization in this course allows enough flexibility for students to learn at their own pace.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor is very helpful in clarifying doubts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful in clarifying doubts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful in clarifying doubts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful in clarifying doubts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I love the engaging content, but the assignments are still overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I love the engaging content, but the assignments are still overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I love the engaging content, but the assignments are still overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I love the engaging content, but the assignments are still overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The assignments help me stay on track, but I wish the deadlines were more flexible.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments help me stay on track, but I wish the deadlines were more flexible.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments help me stay on track, but I wish the deadlines were more flexible.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments help me stay on track, but I wish the deadlines were more flexible.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
It's great that the instructor provides detailed feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's great that the instructor provides detailed feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It's great that the instructor provides detailed feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's great that the instructor provides detailed feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we have to cover in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we have to cover in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we have to cover in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we have to cover in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course materials are helpful, but I wish there was more motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are helpful, but I wish there was more motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are helpful, but I wish there was more motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course materials are helpful, but I wish there was more motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teacher does a great job of engaging with all students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher does a great job of engaging with all students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher does a great job of engaging with all students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher does a great job of engaging with all students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
It feels like some students get ignored during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It feels like some students get ignored during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It feels like some students get ignored during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It feels like some students get ignored during class discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate how the teacher tries to cover the material thoroughly for everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher tries to cover the material thoroughly for everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher tries to cover the material thoroughly for everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher tries to cover the material thoroughly for everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying difficult topics during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying difficult topics during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying difficult topics during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in clarifying difficult topics during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the course content confusing and poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the course content confusing and poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course content confusing and poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course content confusing and poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The extra points idea is fair, as it encourages everyone to improve, even if they struggle.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The extra points idea is fair, as it encourages everyone to improve, even if they struggle.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The extra points idea is fair, as it encourages everyone to improve, even if they struggle.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The extra points idea is fair, as it encourages everyone to improve, even if they struggle.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teacher encourages us to reach out to each other, fostering a collaborative environment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher encourages us to reach out to each other, fostering a collaborative environment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher encourages us to reach out to each other, fostering a collaborative environment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher encourages us to reach out to each other, fostering a collaborative environment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The slides are not very clear, making it hard to follow along each week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The slides are not very clear, making it hard to follow along each week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The slides are not very clear, making it hard to follow along each week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The slides are not very clear, making it hard to follow along each week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate how the teacher provides helpful resources for our studies.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher provides helpful resources for our studies.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher provides helpful resources for our studies.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher provides helpful resources for our studies.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explained the lesson clearly in both Thai and English, making it easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the lesson clearly in both Thai and English, making it easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explained the lesson clearly in both Thai and English, making it easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained the lesson clearly in both Thai and English, making it easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the content was good, the instructor sometimes rushed through the material, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content was good, the instructor sometimes rushed through the material, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was good, the instructor sometimes rushed through the material, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was good, the instructor sometimes rushed through the material, which made it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The motivation to learn was present, but the instructor could have provided more interactive examples in both languages to enhance the lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The motivation to learn was present, but the instructor could have provided more interactive examples in both languages to enhance the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The motivation to learn was present, but the instructor could have provided more interactive examples in both languages to enhance the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The motivation to learn was present, but the instructor could have provided more interactive examples in both languages to enhance the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I found the instructor's teaching style very engaging and helpful, which boosted my confidence in the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor's teaching style very engaging and helpful, which boosted my confidence in the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I found the instructor's teaching style very engaging and helpful, which boosted my confidence in the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the instructor's teaching style very engaging and helpful, which boosted my confidence in the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality was often too advanced, making it hard to keep up with the class and affecting my motivation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality was often too advanced, making it hard to keep up with the class and affecting my motivation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality was often too advanced, making it hard to keep up with the class and affecting my motivation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality was often too advanced, making it hard to keep up with the class and affecting my motivation.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I managed my time well while studying, but I still struggled to understand some parts of the content due to its complexity.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I managed my time well while studying, but I still struggled to understand some parts of the content due to its complexity.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I managed my time well while studying, but I still struggled to understand some parts of the content due to its complexity.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I managed my time well while studying, but I still struggled to understand some parts of the content due to its complexity.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides clear instructions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides clear instructions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides clear instructions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always provides clear instructions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I often find the content difficult to understand and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I often find the content difficult to understand and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I often find the content difficult to understand and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I often find the content difficult to understand and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The assignments make me think critically, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments make me think critically, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments make me think critically, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments make me think critically, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explained the slides clearly, making it easy to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the slides clearly, making it easy to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explained the slides clearly, making it easy to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explained the slides clearly, making it easy to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was too rushed, which made understanding the material difficult for many students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was too rushed, which made understanding the material difficult for many students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was too rushed, which made understanding the material difficult for many students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was too rushed, which made understanding the material difficult for many students.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort put into the course, but providing more detailed homework assignments would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the course, but providing more detailed homework assignments would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort put into the course, but providing more detailed homework assignments would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort put into the course, but providing more detailed homework assignments would be helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging you are during class, it keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how engaging you are during class, it keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging you are during class, it keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how engaging you are during class, it keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but sometimes it feels too rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but sometimes it feels too rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but sometimes it feels too rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but sometimes it feels too rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the assignments challenging, which is helping me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the assignments challenging, which is helping me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the assignments challenging, which is helping me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the assignments challenging, which is helping me learn a lot.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher provides tasty snacks during breaks and encourages students to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher provides tasty snacks during breaks and encourages students to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher provides tasty snacks during breaks and encourages students to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher provides tasty snacks during breaks and encourages students to participate actively in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the teacher offers snacks, the class often feels disorganized, and we struggle to keep up with the pace of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the teacher offers snacks, the class often feels disorganized, and we struggle to keep up with the pace of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the teacher offers snacks, the class often feels disorganized, and we struggle to keep up with the pace of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the teacher offers snacks, the class often feels disorganized, and we struggle to keep up with the pace of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The teacher's method of giving snacks is fun, but sometimes we wish the lessons were more structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's method of giving snacks is fun, but sometimes we wish the lessons were more structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher's method of giving snacks is fun, but sometimes we wish the lessons were more structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's method of giving snacks is fun, but sometimes we wish the lessons were more structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor explains complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the content was interesting, I felt the instructor rushed through some important points.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content was interesting, I felt the instructor rushed through some important points.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was interesting, I felt the instructor rushed through some important points.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was interesting, I felt the instructor rushed through some important points.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course made me more interested in the subject, even though I struggled with organization for assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course made me more interested in the subject, even though I struggled with organization for assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course made me more interested in the subject, even though I struggled with organization for assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course made me more interested in the subject, even though I struggled with organization for assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor explains concepts clearly and engages students well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains concepts clearly and engages students well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains concepts clearly and engages students well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains concepts clearly and engages students well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course materials are interesting, but the lectures often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are interesting, but the lectures often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are interesting, but the lectures often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but the lectures often feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I find the lectures timely, and they cover all important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the lectures timely, and they cover all important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the lectures timely, and they cover all important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the lectures timely, and they cover all important topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I enjoy the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I enjoy the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I enjoy the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and poorly organized, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and poorly organized, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and poorly organized, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the assignments in [System] overwhelming and poorly organized, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The assignments in [System] are fine, but I wish there was clearer guidance from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The assignments in [System] are fine, but I wish there was clearer guidance from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The assignments in [System] are fine, but I wish there was clearer guidance from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments in [System] are fine, but I wish there was clearer guidance from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the clarity of the assignments in My Course, but I wish there was less homework to manage.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the clarity of the assignments in My Course, but I wish there was less homework to manage.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the clarity of the assignments in My Course, but I wish there was less homework to manage.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the clarity of the assignments in My Course, but I wish there was less homework to manage.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The homework load feels overwhelming, and it’s hard to stay motivated when the deadlines are so tight.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework load feels overwhelming, and it’s hard to stay motivated when the deadlines are so tight.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework load feels overwhelming, and it’s hard to stay motivated when the deadlines are so tight.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework load feels overwhelming, and it’s hard to stay motivated when the deadlines are so tight.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are challenging but help in understanding the course content better, though I do find the time constraints difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are challenging but help in understanding the course content better, though I do find the time constraints difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are challenging but help in understanding the course content better, though I do find the time constraints difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments are challenging but help in understanding the course content better, though I do find the time constraints difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your assignments, but I wish there were more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your assignments, but I wish there were more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate your assignments, but I wish there were more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your assignments, but I wish there were more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Your teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the workload feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the workload feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the workload feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Your teaching style is engaging, but sometimes the workload feels overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I enjoy the assignments you give us, and they help motivate me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoy the assignments you give us, and they help motivate me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy the assignments you give us, and they help motivate me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I enjoy the assignments you give us, and they help motivate me to learn more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material is sometimes confusing, making it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is sometimes confusing, making it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is sometimes confusing, making it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is sometimes confusing, making it hard to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teacher manages their time well and conducts engaging classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher manages their time well and conducts engaging classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher manages their time well and conducts engaging classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher manages their time well and conducts engaging classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I appreciate the instructors' dedication and knowledge, but the course content feels a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructors' dedication and knowledge, but the course content feels a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the instructors' dedication and knowledge, but the course content feels a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructors' dedication and knowledge, but the course content feels a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course is well-structured and the instructors are always ready to help, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course is well-structured and the instructors are always ready to help, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course is well-structured and the instructors are always ready to help, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course is well-structured and the instructors are always ready to help, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I do find the real-world applications interesting, sometimes I feel there isn’t enough time to fully explore the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I do find the real-world applications interesting, sometimes I feel there isn’t enough time to fully explore the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I do find the real-world applications interesting, sometimes I feel there isn’t enough time to fully explore the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I do find the real-world applications interesting, sometimes I feel there isn’t enough time to fully explore the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who struggle with the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who struggle with the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who struggle with the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and always willing to help students who struggle with the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Many students feel that the course content is outdated and not engaging enough to keep their interest.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Many students feel that the course content is outdated and not engaging enough to keep their interest.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many students feel that the course content is outdated and not engaging enough to keep their interest.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many students feel that the course content is outdated and not engaging enough to keep their interest.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Some students manage to balance their time well despite the heavy workload, showing that the course is manageable with the right approach.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students manage to balance their time well despite the heavy workload, showing that the course is manageable with the right approach.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Some students manage to balance their time well despite the heavy workload, showing that the course is manageable with the right approach.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Some students manage to balance their time well despite the heavy workload, showing that the course is manageable with the right approach.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
[Instructor] always encourages us to ask questions, which helps with understanding the tough [course] material, though sometimes the teaching methods can still be a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] always encourages us to ask questions, which helps with understanding the tough [course] material, though sometimes the teaching methods can still be a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] always encourages us to ask questions, which helps with understanding the tough [course] material, though sometimes the teaching methods can still be a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] always encourages us to ask questions, which helps with understanding the tough [course] material, though sometimes the teaching methods can still be a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While [instructor]'s lectures are engaging at times, the [course] content feels unorganized, making it hard to stay motivated, especially with the late assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While [instructor]'s lectures are engaging at times, the [course] content feels unorganized, making it hard to stay motivated, especially with the late assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While [instructor]'s lectures are engaging at times, the [course] content feels unorganized, making it hard to stay motivated, especially with the late assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While [instructor]'s lectures are engaging at times, the [course] content feels unorganized, making it hard to stay motivated, especially with the late assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how [instructor] takes the time to explain the difficult parts of the [course], and the assignments help to reinforce what we learn, though it would be great if they were assigned earlier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] takes the time to explain the difficult parts of the [course], and the assignments help to reinforce what we learn, though it would be great if they were assigned earlier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] takes the time to explain the difficult parts of the [course], and the assignments help to reinforce what we learn, though it would be great if they were assigned earlier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] takes the time to explain the difficult parts of the [course], and the assignments help to reinforce what we learn, though it would be great if they were assigned earlier.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The extra class helped clarify many confusing topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The extra class helped clarify many confusing topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The extra class helped clarify many confusing topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The extra class helped clarify many confusing topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I feel the extra class was too rushed and didn’t fit into my schedule well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel the extra class was too rushed and didn’t fit into my schedule well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel the extra class was too rushed and didn’t fit into my schedule well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel the extra class was too rushed and didn’t fit into my schedule well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The extra class was a good idea, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The extra class was a good idea, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The extra class was a good idea, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The extra class was a good idea, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor is engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is engaging and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course material is relevant, it often feels overwhelming due to the dense workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course material is relevant, it often feels overwhelming due to the dense workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course material is relevant, it often feels overwhelming due to the dense workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course material is relevant, it often feels overwhelming due to the dense workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The late evening classes make it difficult to stay focused, but I appreciate the instructor's dedication.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The late evening classes make it difficult to stay focused, but I appreciate the instructor's dedication.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The late evening classes make it difficult to stay focused, but I appreciate the instructor's dedication.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The late evening classes make it difficult to stay focused, but I appreciate the instructor's dedication.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is responsive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is responsive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is responsive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is responsive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the content quality of the courses engaging, but the grading system seems unfair to those who write thorough explanations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality of the courses engaging, but the grading system seems unfair to those who write thorough explanations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the content quality of the courses engaging, but the grading system seems unfair to those who write thorough explanations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the content quality of the courses engaging, but the grading system seems unfair to those who write thorough explanations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While I struggle to keep up with the assignments, the motivation I get from my peers helps me stay on track.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I struggle to keep up with the assignments, the motivation I get from my peers helps me stay on track.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I struggle to keep up with the assignments, the motivation I get from my peers helps me stay on track.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I struggle to keep up with the assignments, the motivation I get from my peers helps me stay on track.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor often provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor often provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel unmotivated to complete the assignments because they seem too complicated and irrelevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel unmotivated to complete the assignments because they seem too complicated and irrelevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel unmotivated to complete the assignments because they seem too complicated and irrelevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel unmotivated to complete the assignments because they seem too complicated and irrelevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material is organized well, making it easier for us to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is organized well, making it easier for us to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is organized well, making it easier for us to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is organized well, making it easier for us to manage our time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I feel overwhelmed by the fast pace of the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the fast pace of the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the fast pace of the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the fast pace of the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The content of the lectures is engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The content of the lectures is engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the lectures is engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The content of the lectures is engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While your teaching styles were clear, the course content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While your teaching styles were clear, the course content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While your teaching styles were clear, the course content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While your teaching styles were clear, the course content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The clear teaching styles kept me engaged, but I struggled with organization on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The clear teaching styles kept me engaged, but I struggled with organization on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The clear teaching styles kept me engaged, but I struggled with organization on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The clear teaching styles kept me engaged, but I struggled with organization on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made it easier to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made it easier to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made it easier to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provided helpful resources that made it easier to understand the course material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content was well-structured, the instructor often rushed through complex topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course content was well-structured, the instructor often rushed through complex topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content was well-structured, the instructor often rushed through complex topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course content was well-structured, the instructor often rushed through complex topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated by the interesting projects we have to work on, though sometimes I wish we had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated by the interesting projects we have to work on, though sometimes I wish we had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated by the interesting projects we have to work on, though sometimes I wish we had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated by the interesting projects we have to work on, though sometimes I wish we had more time to complete them.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher is very supportive and encourages us to share our thoughts in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very supportive and encourages us to share our thoughts in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is very supportive and encourages us to share our thoughts in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is very supportive and encourages us to share our thoughts in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the assignments could be better organized, as they often feel rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the assignments could be better organized, as they often feel rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the assignments could be better organized, as they often feel rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I think the assignments could be better organized, as they often feel rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials are interesting, but I would appreciate if the pace was a bit slower to help everyone keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but I would appreciate if the pace was a bit slower to help everyone keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are interesting, but I would appreciate if the pace was a bit slower to help everyone keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but I would appreciate if the pace was a bit slower to help everyone keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the topics easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content seems outdated and not relevant to our current needs as ICT students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content seems outdated and not relevant to our current needs as ICT students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content seems outdated and not relevant to our current needs as ICT students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content seems outdated and not relevant to our current needs as ICT students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel motivated to learn, thanks to the engaging teaching style of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel motivated to learn, thanks to the engaging teaching style of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to learn, thanks to the engaging teaching style of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn, thanks to the engaging teaching style of the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made the course enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made the course enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made the course enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the instructor to be very engaging, which made the course enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the course is important, I sometimes felt that the material was overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course is important, I sometimes felt that the material was overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the course is important, I sometimes felt that the material was overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course is important, I sometimes felt that the material was overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the quality of the content, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic in depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the quality of the content, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic in depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the quality of the content, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic in depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the quality of the content, but I wish we had more time to discuss each topic in depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining the difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining the difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining the difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in explaining the difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel that the content quality of the course is lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel that the content quality of the course is lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel that the content quality of the course is lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel that the content quality of the course is lacking, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The organization during classes allowed us to cover all the necessary content thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The organization during classes allowed us to cover all the necessary content thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The organization during classes allowed us to cover all the necessary content thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The organization during classes allowed us to cover all the necessary content thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course was poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course was poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course was poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course was poorly organized, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I found the content interesting but the instructor was not engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I found the content interesting but the instructor was not engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the content interesting but the instructor was not engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the content interesting but the instructor was not engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides clear guidance throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides clear guidance throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides clear guidance throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor provides clear guidance throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The deadline for assignments is often unrealistic, which leads to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadline for assignments is often unrealistic, which leads to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The deadline for assignments is often unrealistic, which leads to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The deadline for assignments is often unrealistic, which leads to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course material is interesting, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make hybrid classes engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make hybrid classes engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make hybrid classes engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to make hybrid classes engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content quality could use improvement, as some materials feel outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality could use improvement, as some materials feel outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality could use improvement, as some materials feel outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality could use improvement, as some materials feel outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the balance of online and onsite classes helps with organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the balance of online and onsite classes helps with organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the balance of online and onsite classes helps with organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the balance of online and onsite classes helps with organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand the tools we were using.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand the tools we were using.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand the tools we were using.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very engaging and helped us understand the tools we were using.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content of the workshop was confusing and lacked clear guidance on using the tools.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the workshop was confusing and lacked clear guidance on using the tools.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content of the workshop was confusing and lacked clear guidance on using the tools.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the workshop was confusing and lacked clear guidance on using the tools.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I felt motivated to learn new tools, but the workshop could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt motivated to learn new tools, but the workshop could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I felt motivated to learn new tools, but the workshop could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I felt motivated to learn new tools, but the workshop could have been better organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor was always ready to help but could be too rigid at timesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor was always ready to help but could be too rigid at timesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was always ready to help but could be too rigid at timesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was always ready to help but could be too rigid at timesThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Classes were engaging and the instructor kept us motivated, but sometimes the content was unclearThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Classes were engaging and the instructor kept us motivated, but sometimes the content was unclearThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Classes were engaging and the instructor kept us motivated, but sometimes the content was unclearThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Classes were engaging and the instructor kept us motivated, but sometimes the content was unclearThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was confusing and didn't meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was confusing and didn't meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was confusing and didn't meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was confusing and didn't meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt motivated to learn, but the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt motivated to learn, but the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I felt motivated to learn, but the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I felt motivated to learn, but the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the professor provides clear instructions for each assignment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the professor provides clear instructions for each assignment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the professor provides clear instructions for each assignment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the professor provides clear instructions for each assignment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, making it hard for students to complete assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, making it hard for students to complete assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, making it hard for students to complete assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework deadlines are often too tight, making it hard for students to complete assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I sometimes struggle with the coursework, I find the feedback from the professor very helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I sometimes struggle with the coursework, I find the feedback from the professor very helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I sometimes struggle with the coursework, I find the feedback from the professor very helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I sometimes struggle with the coursework, I find the feedback from the professor very helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments were challenging but helped reinforce the concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments were challenging but helped reinforce the concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments were challenging but helped reinforce the concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments were challenging but helped reinforce the concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The early deadlines make it hard to manage my time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The early deadlines make it hard to manage my time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The early deadlines make it hard to manage my time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The early deadlines make it hard to manage my time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral. .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay on track.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Aj always provides detailed explanations for homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj always provides detailed explanations for homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj always provides detailed explanations for homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj always provides detailed explanations for homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Aj's homework instructions are often confusing, and it takes a long time for the system to process submissions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Aj's homework instructions are often confusing, and it takes a long time for the system to process submissions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj's homework instructions are often confusing, and it takes a long time for the system to process submissions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj's homework instructions are often confusing, and it takes a long time for the system to process submissions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj tries his best to clarify homework, and the instructor's replies usually arrive on time, though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj tries his best to clarify homework, and the instructor's replies usually arrive on time, though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj tries his best to clarify homework, and the instructor's replies usually arrive on time, though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj tries his best to clarify homework, and the instructor's replies usually arrive on time, though the content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Ajarn explained the project requirements clearly, which helped students understand their tasks better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn explained the project requirements clearly, which helped students understand their tasks better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn explained the project requirements clearly, which helped students understand their tasks better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn explained the project requirements clearly, which helped students understand their tasks better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The project was interesting, but the late release made it hard to finish on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project was interesting, but the late release made it hard to finish on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The project was interesting, but the late release made it hard to finish on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The project was interesting, but the late release made it hard to finish on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I feel motivated to work on the project, even though the timeline is tight.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to work on the project, even though the timeline is tight.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel motivated to work on the project, even though the timeline is tight.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to work on the project, even though the timeline is tight.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is often confusing and needs better organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is often confusing and needs better organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is often confusing and needs better organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is often confusing and needs better organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that the homework helps reinforce what we've learned, but more time should be given for assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel that the homework helps reinforce what we've learned, but more time should be given for assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel that the homework helps reinforce what we've learned, but more time should be given for assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel that the homework helps reinforce what we've learned, but more time should be given for assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very engaging and made the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the workload is manageable, the content sometimes feels repetitive and boring.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the workload is manageable, the content sometimes feels repetitive and boring.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the workload is manageable, the content sometimes feels repetitive and boring.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the workload is manageable, the content sometimes feels repetitive and boring.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I often felt motivated to study, but the class could benefit from better organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I often felt motivated to study, but the class could benefit from better organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I often felt motivated to study, but the class could benefit from better organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I often felt motivated to study, but the class could benefit from better organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the flexibility of online classes and the support from my instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the flexibility of online classes and the support from my instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the flexibility of online classes and the support from my instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the flexibility of online classes and the support from my instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quizzes feel too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up with the course load.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quizzes feel too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up with the course load.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quizzes feel too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up with the course load.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quizzes feel too rushed, which makes it hard to keep up with the course load.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials are engaging, but sometimes I wish for more time to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are engaging, but sometimes I wish for more time to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are engaging, but sometimes I wish for more time to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are engaging, but sometimes I wish for more time to complete assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught very well, but I found the materials a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher taught very well, but I found the materials a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher taught very well, but I found the materials a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher taught very well, but I found the materials a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teacher taught very well and kept us engaged throughout the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher taught very well and kept us engaged throughout the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher taught very well and kept us engaged throughout the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher taught very well and kept us engaged throughout the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor really knows how to make the content interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor really knows how to make the content interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor really knows how to make the content interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor really knows how to make the content interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course content to be overwhelming and not well-structured, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the course content to be overwhelming and not well-structured, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course content to be overwhelming and not well-structured, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course content to be overwhelming and not well-structured, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the course is challenging, the instructor provides valuable insights that motivate me to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the course is challenging, the instructor provides valuable insights that motivate me to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the course is challenging, the instructor provides valuable insights that motivate me to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the course is challenging, the instructor provides valuable insights that motivate me to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very supportive and always available for questions, which made learning easier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always available for questions, which made learning easier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very supportive and always available for questions, which made learning easier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always available for questions, which made learning easier.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While I found some topics challenging, the course helped me stay motivated to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I found some topics challenging, the course helped me stay motivated to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I found some topics challenging, the course helped me stay motivated to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I found some topics challenging, the course helped me stay motivated to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I believe the curriculum is too packed, and it can feel overwhelming at times, but the material is relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I believe the curriculum is too packed, and it can feel overwhelming at times, but the material is relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I believe the curriculum is too packed, and it can feel overwhelming at times, but the material is relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I believe the curriculum is too packed, and it can feel overwhelming at times, but the material is relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate how quickly the instructor grades and provides feedback on my assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how quickly the instructor grades and provides feedback on my assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how quickly the instructor grades and provides feedback on my assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how quickly the instructor grades and provides feedback on my assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The content is often confusing, and it's hard to stay motivated when I don't understand the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is often confusing, and it's hard to stay motivated when I don't understand the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is often confusing, and it's hard to stay motivated when I don't understand the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content is often confusing, and it's hard to stay motivated when I don't understand the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I need to manage my time better to meet the assignment deadlines, but I find the course interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I need to manage my time better to meet the assignment deadlines, but I find the course interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I need to manage my time better to meet the assignment deadlines, but I find the course interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I need to manage my time better to meet the assignment deadlines, but I find the course interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor is very approachable and provides valuable feedback on our assignments, which can be quite motivating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very approachable and provides valuable feedback on our assignments, which can be quite motivating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very approachable and provides valuable feedback on our assignments, which can be quite motivating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very approachable and provides valuable feedback on our assignments, which can be quite motivating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content quality of the assignments to be lacking depth, making them less beneficial for my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality of the assignments to be lacking depth, making them less beneficial for my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality of the assignments to be lacking depth, making them less beneficial for my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the content quality of the assignments to be lacking depth, making them less beneficial for my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the workload feels heavy, I appreciate how the group projects encourage collaboration and help us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the workload feels heavy, I appreciate how the group projects encourage collaboration and help us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the workload feels heavy, I appreciate how the group projects encourage collaboration and help us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the workload feels heavy, I appreciate how the group projects encourage collaboration and help us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the subject engaging and interactive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the subject engaging and interactive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the subject engaging and interactive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor makes the subject engaging and interactive.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course is often confusing and lacks clarity, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the course is often confusing and lacks clarity, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content of the course is often confusing and lacks clarity, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the course is often confusing and lacks clarity, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find that the course helps me manage my time effectively, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that the course helps me manage my time effectively, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find that the course helps me manage my time effectively, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find that the course helps me manage my time effectively, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the amount of material.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor provides insightful examples that enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides insightful examples that enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provides insightful examples that enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides insightful examples that enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is not very engaging, making it hard to stay focused during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is not very engaging, making it hard to stay focused during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is not very engaging, making it hard to stay focused during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content is not very engaging, making it hard to stay focused during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Despite the challenging material, the instructor encourages questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Despite the challenging material, the instructor encourages questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Despite the challenging material, the instructor encourages questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Despite the challenging material, the instructor encourages questions and discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is always well-prepared and makes the lab sessions engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always well-prepared and makes the lab sessions engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is always well-prepared and makes the lab sessions engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always well-prepared and makes the lab sessions engaging for everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Many students find the course materials unhelpful and feel lost during lab work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Many students find the course materials unhelpful and feel lost during lab work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many students find the course materials unhelpful and feel lost during lab work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many students find the course materials unhelpful and feel lost during lab work.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the lab sessions could be better organized, the instructor does try to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the lab sessions could be better organized, the instructor does try to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the lab sessions could be better organized, the instructor does try to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the lab sessions could be better organized, the instructor does try to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor engages the class with humor and energy, making the learning process enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor engages the class with humor and energy, making the learning process enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor engages the class with humor and energy, making the learning process enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor engages the class with humor and energy, making the learning process enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the class material is well-explained, the instructor sometimes goes off-topic, which can be distracting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the class material is well-explained, the instructor sometimes goes off-topic, which can be distracting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the class material is well-explained, the instructor sometimes goes off-topic, which can be distracting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the class material is well-explained, the instructor sometimes goes off-topic, which can be distracting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The content is relevant and useful, but I wish there were more interactive activities to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is relevant and useful, but I wish there were more interactive activities to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is relevant and useful, but I wish there were more interactive activities to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content is relevant and useful, but I wish there were more interactive activities to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The clear outline in the work section helps students understand the key topics better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The clear outline in the work section helps students understand the key topics better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The clear outline in the work section helps students understand the key topics better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The clear outline in the work section helps students understand the key topics better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I felt lost without a proper outline, which made it hard to focus on the important parts of the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt lost without a proper outline, which made it hard to focus on the important parts of the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt lost without a proper outline, which made it hard to focus on the important parts of the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt lost without a proper outline, which made it hard to focus on the important parts of the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
It’s okay that we need to find information ourselves, but a little more guidance from the instructor could enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It’s okay that we need to find information ourselves, but a little more guidance from the instructor could enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It’s okay that we need to find information ourselves, but a little more guidance from the instructor could enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It’s okay that we need to find information ourselves, but a little more guidance from the instructor could enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
[instructor] is an excellent teacher who really inspires me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[instructor] is an excellent teacher who really inspires me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[instructor] is an excellent teacher who really inspires me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[instructor] is an excellent teacher who really inspires me.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel that [instructor] sometimes rushes through the material, which is confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel that [instructor] sometimes rushes through the material, which is confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel that [instructor] sometimes rushes through the material, which is confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that [instructor] sometimes rushes through the material, which is confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
[instructor] provides helpful resources, but I wish there were more interactive sessions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] provides helpful resources, but I wish there were more interactive sessions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[instructor] provides helpful resources, but I wish there were more interactive sessions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] provides helpful resources, but I wish there were more interactive sessions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, which helped us understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, which helped us understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, which helped us understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, which helped us understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The homework assignments were often confusing, and I struggled without proper guidance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The homework assignments were often confusing, and I struggled without proper guidance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework assignments were often confusing, and I struggled without proper guidance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The homework assignments were often confusing, and I struggled without proper guidance.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While the slides provided essential information, I think they could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the slides provided essential information, I think they could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the slides provided essential information, I think they could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the slides provided essential information, I think they could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I really appreciate how the teacher explains concepts clearly and makes the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the teacher explains concepts clearly and makes the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how the teacher explains concepts clearly and makes the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate how the teacher explains concepts clearly and makes the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is too overwhelming, and I feel lost compared to my peers.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is too overwhelming, and I feel lost compared to my peers.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is too overwhelming, and I feel lost compared to my peers.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is too overwhelming, and I feel lost compared to my peers.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the pacing of the class to be just right, which helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the pacing of the class to be just right, which helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the pacing of the class to be just right, which helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the pacing of the class to be just right, which helps me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor engages students well during class but often runs out of time to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor engages students well during class but often runs out of time to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor engages students well during class but often runs out of time to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor engages students well during class but often runs out of time to cover all topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course materials are very relevant and interesting, which motivates me to learn more, even if the teaching times are not always adhered to.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are very relevant and interesting, which motivates me to learn more, even if the teaching times are not always adhered to.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are very relevant and interesting, which motivates me to learn more, even if the teaching times are not always adhered to.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course materials are very relevant and interesting, which motivates me to learn more, even if the teaching times are not always adhered to.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While the instructor begins the lectures promptly, the lecture content is sometimes confusing and lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructor begins the lectures promptly, the lecture content is sometimes confusing and lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor begins the lectures promptly, the lecture content is sometimes confusing and lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor begins the lectures promptly, the lecture content is sometimes confusing and lacks depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I really enjoy the way the instructor explains complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoy the way the instructor explains complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really enjoy the way the instructor explains complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really enjoy the way the instructor explains complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course content is sometimes too challenging, and I don't feel supported.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is sometimes too challenging, and I don't feel supported.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is sometimes too challenging, and I don't feel supported.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is sometimes too challenging, and I don't feel supported.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teacher is good, but I wish there were more interactive activities.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is good, but I wish there were more interactive activities.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is good, but I wish there were more interactive activities.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher is good, but I wish there were more interactive activities.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Aj explains clearly and provides detailed feedback on homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj explains clearly and provides detailed feedback on homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj explains clearly and provides detailed feedback on homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explains clearly and provides detailed feedback on homework, and the instructor responds quickly to my questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
Aj's explanations are often confusing, and the instructor rarely replies to my emails, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Aj's explanations are often confusing, and the instructor rarely replies to my emails, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj's explanations are often confusing, and the instructor rarely replies to my emails, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Aj's explanations are often confusing, and the instructor rarely replies to my emails, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While Aj gives challenging homework, I appreciate the instructor's effort to answer my questions, even if it takes some time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While Aj gives challenging homework, I appreciate the instructor's effort to answer my questions, even if it takes some time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While Aj gives challenging homework, I appreciate the instructor's effort to answer my questions, even if it takes some time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While Aj gives challenging homework, I appreciate the instructor's effort to answer my questions, even if it takes some time.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, I found the content quality to be lacking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, I found the content quality to be lacking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, I found the content quality to be lacking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, I found the content quality to be lacking.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
[Instructor] always motivated us during classes, which made the learning experience enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] always motivated us during classes, which made the learning experience enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[Instructor] always motivated us during classes, which made the learning experience enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] always motivated us during classes, which made the learning experience enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
It's great that the instructors are open to feedback from students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It's great that the instructors are open to feedback from students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's great that the instructors are open to feedback from students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's great that the instructors are open to feedback from students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course content lacks depth and doesn't engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content lacks depth and doesn't engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content lacks depth and doesn't engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content lacks depth and doesn't engage us effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
We appreciate when instructors listen, but the class feels rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
We appreciate when instructors listen, but the class feels rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
We appreciate when instructors listen, but the class feels rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
We appreciate when instructors listen, but the class feels rushed sometimes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable, making it easier for us to learn even though the material is challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable, making it easier for us to learn even though the material is challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable, making it easier for us to learn even though the material is challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn is very knowledgeable, making it easier for us to learn even though the material is challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lectures are sometimes too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up with the content and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures are sometimes too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up with the content and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lectures are sometimes too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up with the content and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures are sometimes too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up with the content and I often feel lost.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the way Ajarn encourages us to ask questions, but I wish we could have more time for discussions about the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way Ajarn encourages us to ask questions, but I wish we could have more time for discussions about the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the way Ajarn encourages us to ask questions, but I wish we could have more time for discussions about the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the way Ajarn encourages us to ask questions, but I wish we could have more time for discussions about the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The teacher really cares and always makes time for each student.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher really cares and always makes time for each student.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher really cares and always makes time for each student.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher really cares and always makes time for each student.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I feel like the teacher often misses students who need help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel like the teacher often misses students who need help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel like the teacher often misses students who need help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel like the teacher often misses students who need help.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course materials are interesting, but I wish the instructor engaged more with everyone.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but I wish the instructor engaged more with everyone.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are interesting, but I wish the instructor engaged more with everyone.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are interesting, but I wish the instructor engaged more with everyone.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor is always available for questions, which helps a lot, but sometimes the lectures drag on too long.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always available for questions, which helps a lot, but sometimes the lectures drag on too long.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always available for questions, which helps a lot, but sometimes the lectures drag on too long.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always available for questions, which helps a lot, but sometimes the lectures drag on too long.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often skips over important parts, making it difficult to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often skips over important parts, making it difficult to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often skips over important parts, making it difficult to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often skips over important parts, making it difficult to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us, but the course material could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was very patient and provided extra help after class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very patient and provided extra help after class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very patient and provided extra help after class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very patient and provided extra help after class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lectures were confusing, and I often felt lost during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures were confusing, and I often felt lost during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lectures were confusing, and I often felt lost during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures were confusing, and I often felt lost during the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I liked the course materials, but I sometimes wished the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I liked the course materials, but I sometimes wished the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I liked the course materials, but I sometimes wished the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I liked the course materials, but I sometimes wished the teacher spoke more clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I really appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to excel in our projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to excel in our projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to excel in our projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how Ajarn motivates us to excel in our projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Although I am grateful for the advice, I feel that the course content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although I am grateful for the advice, I feel that the course content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although I am grateful for the advice, I feel that the course content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although I am grateful for the advice, I feel that the course content could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Ajarn is always helpful, but sometimes the classes feel rushed and disorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn is always helpful, but sometimes the classes feel rushed and disorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn is always helpful, but sometimes the classes feel rushed and disorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn is always helpful, but sometimes the classes feel rushed and disorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the concepts, algorithms, and programming languages in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the concepts, algorithms, and programming languages in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the concepts, algorithms, and programming languages in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the concepts, algorithms, and programming languages in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the theory, practical applications, and coding standards in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the theory, practical applications, and coding standards in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the theory, practical applications, and coding standards in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the theory, practical applications, and coding standards in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the networking principles, database management, and web development in the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the networking principles, database management, and web development in the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the networking principles, database management, and web development in the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the networking principles, database management, and web development in the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the instructor's support during the lessons, though I find the content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's support during the lessons, though I find the content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's support during the lessons, though I find the content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's support during the lessons, though I find the content a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material is stimulating and interesting, but I often feel lost due to poor organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is stimulating and interesting, but I often feel lost due to poor organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is stimulating and interesting, but I often feel lost due to poor organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is stimulating and interesting, but I often feel lost due to poor organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I am motivated to learn, but the instructor sometimes rushes through the topics, making them hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I am motivated to learn, but the instructor sometimes rushes through the topics, making them hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I am motivated to learn, but the instructor sometimes rushes through the topics, making them hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I am motivated to learn, but the instructor sometimes rushes through the topics, making them hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor was engaging and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was engaging and made the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Although the course content felt dull, the instructor always tried to make it interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the course content felt dull, the instructor always tried to make it interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the course content felt dull, the instructor always tried to make it interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the course content felt dull, the instructor always tried to make it interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lectures were poorly organized, and the material did not capture my attention at all.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures were poorly organized, and the material did not capture my attention at all.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lectures were poorly organized, and the material did not capture my attention at all.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures were poorly organized, and the material did not capture my attention at all.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate how approachable [instructor] is and their willingness to help students with their concerns.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how approachable [instructor] is and their willingness to help students with their concerns.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how approachable [instructor] is and their willingness to help students with their concerns.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how approachable [instructor] is and their willingness to help students with their concerns.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The quality of the content presented in class often lacks depth, which makes it difficult for students to grasp the material fully.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The quality of the content presented in class often lacks depth, which makes it difficult for students to grasp the material fully.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quality of the content presented in class often lacks depth, which makes it difficult for students to grasp the material fully.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quality of the content presented in class often lacks depth, which makes it difficult for students to grasp the material fully.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the course is challenging, it motivates many students to seek additional resources and enhance their learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course is challenging, it motivates many students to seek additional resources and enhance their learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course is challenging, it motivates many students to seek additional resources and enhance their learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the course is challenging, it motivates many students to seek additional resources and enhance their learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the programming languages, database management, and web development in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the programming languages, database management, and web development in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the programming languages, database management, and web development in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the programming languages, database management, and web development in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and networking protocols in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and networking protocols in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and networking protocols in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the algorithms, data structures, and networking protocols in the curriculum.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the software engineering principles, systems analysis, and project management in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the software engineering principles, systems analysis, and project management in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the software engineering principles, systems analysis, and project management in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
For this, I do suggest that the instructor incorporate some tactics for the students to memorize all the software engineering principles, systems analysis, and project management in the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
His ability to engage students during lectures in both Thai and English makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
His ability to engage students during lectures in both Thai and English makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
His ability to engage students during lectures in both Thai and English makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
His ability to engage students during lectures in both Thai and English makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor often struggles to convey complex topics clearly, especially in English, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor often struggles to convey complex topics clearly, especially in English, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor often struggles to convey complex topics clearly, especially in English, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor often struggles to convey complex topics clearly, especially in English, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While he is skilled in Thai, the class content is well-structured and keeps us on track with the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While he is skilled in Thai, the class content is well-structured and keeps us on track with the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While he is skilled in Thai, the class content is well-structured and keeps us on track with the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While he is skilled in Thai, the class content is well-structured and keeps us on track with the syllabus.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor often provides helpful feedback on our quizzes, which enhances our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor often provides helpful feedback on our quizzes, which enhances our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor often provides helpful feedback on our quizzes, which enhances our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor often provides helpful feedback on our quizzes, which enhances our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the course content is interesting, the quizzes scheduled during class time can be stressful and disrupt our focus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, the quizzes scheduled during class time can be stressful and disrupt our focus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is interesting, the quizzes scheduled during class time can be stressful and disrupt our focus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course content is interesting, the quizzes scheduled during class time can be stressful and disrupt our focus.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to engage with the material, but I wish we had more time to prepare for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to engage with the material, but I wish we had more time to prepare for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to engage with the material, but I wish we had more time to prepare for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to engage with the material, but I wish we had more time to prepare for quizzes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor was engaging and kept our attention throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was engaging and kept our attention throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was engaging and kept our attention throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was engaging and kept our attention throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the content was mostly interesting, the pacing was too fast for some of us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content was mostly interesting, the pacing was too fast for some of us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content was mostly interesting, the pacing was too fast for some of us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content was mostly interesting, the pacing was too fast for some of us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I learned a lot, but I wished the instructor could have been more supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I learned a lot, but I wished the instructor could have been more supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I learned a lot, but I wished the instructor could have been more supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I learned a lot, but I wished the instructor could have been more supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the instructor's help, as they explain things clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's help, as they explain things clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's help, as they explain things clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's help, as they explain things clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course content is engaging, but I sometimes struggle with keeping up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but I sometimes struggle with keeping up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is engaging, but I sometimes struggle with keeping up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is engaging, but I sometimes struggle with keeping up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Unfortunately, the lectures were difficult to follow and made me feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Unfortunately, the lectures were difficult to follow and made me feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Unfortunately, the lectures were difficult to follow and made me feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Unfortunately, the lectures were difficult to follow and made me feel unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate that the instructor tries to accommodate students by offering online options for those who cannot attend in person.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor tries to accommodate students by offering online options for those who cannot attend in person.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor tries to accommodate students by offering online options for those who cannot attend in person.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor tries to accommodate students by offering online options for those who cannot attend in person.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The way the instructor seems unprepared and just reads from slides really diminishes my motivation to attend classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The way the instructor seems unprepared and just reads from slides really diminishes my motivation to attend classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The way the instructor seems unprepared and just reads from slides really diminishes my motivation to attend classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The way the instructor seems unprepared and just reads from slides really diminishes my motivation to attend classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It's frustrating when students complain about the instructor, but I think the class discussions could still be improved even if the content is mostly on the slides.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It's frustrating when students complain about the instructor, but I think the class discussions could still be improved even if the content is mostly on the slides.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It's frustrating when students complain about the instructor, but I think the class discussions could still be improved even if the content is mostly on the slides.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It's frustrating when students complain about the instructor, but I think the class discussions could still be improved even if the content is mostly on the slides.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy the quizzes at the start of class as they help me stay engaged and prepared.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoy the quizzes at the start of class as they help me stay engaged and prepared.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really enjoy the quizzes at the start of class as they help me stay engaged and prepared.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really enjoy the quizzes at the start of class as they help me stay engaged and prepared.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The quizzes on Wednesday feel like a waste of time because they make me rush back and forth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The quizzes on Wednesday feel like a waste of time because they make me rush back and forth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quizzes on Wednesday feel like a waste of time because they make me rush back and forth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quizzes on Wednesday feel like a waste of time because they make me rush back and forth.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The content in our class is interesting, but the timing of the quizzes can be challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content in our class is interesting, but the timing of the quizzes can be challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content in our class is interesting, but the timing of the quizzes can be challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content in our class is interesting, but the timing of the quizzes can be challenging for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
There should be more time for students to engage with the instructor for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
There should be more time for students to engage with the instructor for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
There should be more time for students to engage with the instructor for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
There should be more time for students to engage with the instructor for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The exams were helpful, but the course content often felt overwhelming and difficult to manage.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The exams were helpful, but the course content often felt overwhelming and difficult to manage.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The exams were helpful, but the course content often felt overwhelming and difficult to manage.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The exams were helpful, but the course content often felt overwhelming and difficult to manage.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the course structure, and the instructor is very motivating, but I believe we need more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the course structure, and the instructor is very motivating, but I believe we need more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the course structure, and the instructor is very motivating, but I believe we need more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the course structure, and the instructor is very motivating, but I believe we need more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
He is a supportive person and provides great motivation, but his organization in class is lacking.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
He is a supportive person and provides great motivation, but his organization in class is lacking.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is a supportive person and provides great motivation, but his organization in class is lacking.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He is a supportive person and provides great motivation, but his organization in class is lacking.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While he cares about the students, the quality of the content he delivers could be improved to enhance our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While he cares about the students, the quality of the content he delivers could be improved to enhance our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While he cares about the students, the quality of the content he delivers could be improved to enhance our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While he cares about the students, the quality of the content he delivers could be improved to enhance our learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
He is an enthusiastic instructor who explains the content clearly, making it easier for students to grasp difficult concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is an enthusiastic instructor who explains the content clearly, making it easier for students to grasp difficult concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
He is an enthusiastic instructor who explains the content clearly, making it easier for students to grasp difficult concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He is an enthusiastic instructor who explains the content clearly, making it easier for students to grasp difficult concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructors in this course provide clear explanations during lab sessions, which really boosts my understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructors in this course provide clear explanations during lab sessions, which really boosts my understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructors in this course provide clear explanations during lab sessions, which really boosts my understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructors in this course provide clear explanations during lab sessions, which really boosts my understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the content is interesting, I feel that the pacing of the course is too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is interesting, I feel that the pacing of the course is too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, I feel that the pacing of the course is too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content is interesting, I feel that the pacing of the course is too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The lab work is helpful, but sometimes I wish there was more guidance from the instructors.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lab work is helpful, but sometimes I wish there was more guidance from the instructors.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lab work is helpful, but sometimes I wish there was more guidance from the instructors.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lab work is helpful, but sometimes I wish there was more guidance from the instructors.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teacher provides clear instructions for the assignments, which helps us understand what is expected.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher provides clear instructions for the assignments, which helps us understand what is expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher provides clear instructions for the assignments, which helps us understand what is expected.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher provides clear instructions for the assignments, which helps us understand what is expected.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel frustrated because I never receive feedback on my assignments, which makes it hard to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel frustrated because I never receive feedback on my assignments, which makes it hard to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel frustrated because I never receive feedback on my assignments, which makes it hard to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel frustrated because I never receive feedback on my assignments, which makes it hard to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The assignments are challenging but they really make me think and improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are challenging but they really make me think and improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are challenging but they really make me think and improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments are challenging but they really make me think and improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explained the assignment very clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the assignment very clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explained the assignment very clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor explained the assignment very clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content of the assignment feels rushed and confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the assignment feels rushed and confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content of the assignment feels rushed and confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the assignment feels rushed and confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel motivated to work on the assignment because of the helpful resources provided.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to work on the assignment because of the helpful resources provided.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to work on the assignment because of the helpful resources provided.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to work on the assignment because of the helpful resources provided.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging and keeps students motivated, but the content could be more organized and clearer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging and keeps students motivated, but the content could be more organized and clearer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging and keeps students motivated, but the content could be more organized and clearer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's teaching style is engaging and keeps students motivated, but the content could be more organized and clearer.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate how well the instructor understands the material, and the content is very informative; however, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how well the instructor understands the material, and the content is very informative; however, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how well the instructor understands the material, and the content is very informative; however, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how well the instructor understands the material, and the content is very informative; however, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor sometimes struggles with explaining concepts effectively, but the course content is relevant and interesting, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor sometimes struggles with explaining concepts effectively, but the course content is relevant and interesting, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor sometimes struggles with explaining concepts effectively, but the course content is relevant and interesting, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor sometimes struggles with explaining concepts effectively, but the course content is relevant and interesting, which keeps me motivated to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course content lacking depth and not relevant to ICT.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content lacking depth and not relevant to ICT.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course content lacking depth and not relevant to ICT.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course content lacking depth and not relevant to ICT.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The motivation techniques used by the instructor really keep us engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The motivation techniques used by the instructor really keep us engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The motivation techniques used by the instructor really keep us engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The motivation techniques used by the instructor really keep us engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the class engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course content was sometimes overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was sometimes overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was sometimes overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was sometimes overwhelming and hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While the work was intense, it helped improve my skills effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the work was intense, it helped improve my skills effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the work was intense, it helped improve my skills effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the work was intense, it helped improve my skills effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lectures are filled with valuable information, but the pace is too fast for me to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures are filled with valuable information, but the pace is too fast for me to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are filled with valuable information, but the pace is too fast for me to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures are filled with valuable information, but the pace is too fast for me to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
While the diagrams are complex, the instructor's enthusiasm makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the diagrams are complex, the instructor's enthusiasm makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the diagrams are complex, the instructor's enthusiasm makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the diagrams are complex, the instructor's enthusiasm makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor is engaging and makes the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is engaging and makes the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is engaging and makes the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is engaging and makes the lectures enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course content is relevant, but the instructor's delivery can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content is relevant, but the instructor's delivery can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is relevant, but the instructor's delivery can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is relevant, but the instructor's delivery can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, even if the sound issues persist.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, even if the sound issues persist.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, even if the sound issues persist.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, even if the sound issues persist.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate how the instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The quizzes seem to be poorly designed and don't match the content we covered.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The quizzes seem to be poorly designed and don't match the content we covered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quizzes seem to be poorly designed and don't match the content we covered.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quizzes seem to be poorly designed and don't match the content we covered.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course is well-organized but could use more interactive elements to boost motivation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course is well-organized but could use more interactive elements to boost motivation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course is well-organized but could use more interactive elements to boost motivation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course is well-organized but could use more interactive elements to boost motivation.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it doesn't always match our interests.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it doesn't always match our interests.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it doesn't always match our interests.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the content quality to be lacking, as it doesn't always match our interests.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer our questions and clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer our questions and clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer our questions and clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to answer our questions and clarify doubts.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I think we can get into advanced concepts faster. The instructor is very supportive and motivates us well, but it's disappointing that we only get to learn modern technology at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into advanced concepts faster. The instructor is very supportive and motivates us well, but it's disappointing that we only get to learn modern technology at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into advanced concepts faster. The instructor is very supportive and motivates us well, but it's disappointing that we only get to learn modern technology at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think we can get into advanced concepts faster. The instructor is very supportive and motivates us well, but it's disappointing that we only get to learn modern technology at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I believe we could cover the syllabus more quickly. The course content is excellent, but it feels frustrating to have the most interesting topics so late in the schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I believe we could cover the syllabus more quickly. The course content is excellent, but it feels frustrating to have the most interesting topics so late in the schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I believe we could cover the syllabus more quickly. The course content is excellent, but it feels frustrating to have the most interesting topics so late in the schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe we could cover the syllabus more quickly. The course content is excellent, but it feels frustrating to have the most interesting topics so late in the schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I feel we should move through the material at a steadier pace. The last-minute rush to learn modern tools is annoying and doesn't allow us to fully grasp the quality of the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel we should move through the material at a steadier pace. The last-minute rush to learn modern tools is annoying and doesn't allow us to fully grasp the quality of the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel we should move through the material at a steadier pace. The last-minute rush to learn modern tools is annoying and doesn't allow us to fully grasp the quality of the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel we should move through the material at a steadier pace. The last-minute rush to learn modern tools is annoying and doesn't allow us to fully grasp the quality of the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor of this course is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor of this course is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor of this course is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor of this course is very supportive and always provides helpful feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content quality of the lectures is excellent, but it sometimes feels overwhelming with all the weekly tasks.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality of the lectures is excellent, but it sometimes feels overwhelming with all the weekly tasks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content quality of the lectures is excellent, but it sometimes feels overwhelming with all the weekly tasks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content quality of the lectures is excellent, but it sometimes feels overwhelming with all the weekly tasks.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the amount of homework can be tough, I find the group project encouraging because it helps us learn teamwork skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the amount of homework can be tough, I find the group project encouraging because it helps us learn teamwork skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the amount of homework can be tough, I find the group project encouraging because it helps us learn teamwork skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the amount of homework can be tough, I find the group project encouraging because it helps us learn teamwork skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explained concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explained concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained concepts very clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material was often uninteresting and hard to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course material was often uninteresting and hard to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material was often uninteresting and hard to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material was often uninteresting and hard to keep up with.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciated how the instructor kept us on schedule and engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated how the instructor kept us on schedule and engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated how the instructor kept us on schedule and engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated how the instructor kept us on schedule and engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
I appreciate how the teacher engages us during lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher engages us during lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher engages us during lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher engages us during lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material often feels outdated and unexciting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material often feels outdated and unexciting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material often feels outdated and unexciting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material often feels outdated and unexciting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the teacher is knowledgeable, sometimes classes run a bit too long.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the teacher is knowledgeable, sometimes classes run a bit too long.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the teacher is knowledgeable, sometimes classes run a bit too long.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the teacher is knowledgeable, sometimes classes run a bit too long.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor made the lessons engaging and motivating for all students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the lessons engaging and motivating for all students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor made the lessons engaging and motivating for all students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made the lessons engaging and motivating for all students.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Although the content was interesting, the organization during lectures was often poor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the content was interesting, the organization during lectures was often poor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the content was interesting, the organization during lectures was often poor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the content was interesting, the organization during lectures was often poor.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The explanations were clear, but I felt a lack of motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The explanations were clear, but I felt a lack of motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The explanations were clear, but I felt a lack of motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The explanations were clear, but I felt a lack of motivation from the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor handled the scheduling conflict very well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor handled the scheduling conflict very well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor handled the scheduling conflict very well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor handled the scheduling conflict very well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I found the course content to be engaging and informative, despite the deadline overlap.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course content to be engaging and informative, despite the deadline overlap.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the course content to be engaging and informative, despite the deadline overlap.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the course content to be engaging and informative, despite the deadline overlap.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I felt overwhelmed by the amount of work due at the same time, which affected my focus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the amount of work due at the same time, which affected my focus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the amount of work due at the same time, which affected my focus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt overwhelmed by the amount of work due at the same time, which affected my focus.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor is very supportive and always encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find that some parts of the course are quite interesting and engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find that some parts of the course are quite interesting and engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find that some parts of the course are quite interesting and engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find that some parts of the course are quite interesting and engaging, which keeps me motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course schedule is well organized, but I struggle with the difficult content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course schedule is well organized, but I struggle with the difficult content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course schedule is well organized, but I struggle with the difficult content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course schedule is well organized, but I struggle with the difficult content.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and helps clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Sometimes, the content is too fast-paced, making it hard to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes, the content is too fast-paced, making it hard to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes, the content is too fast-paced, making it hard to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Sometimes, the content is too fast-paced, making it hard to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the way the lectures encourage us to think critically about technology.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way the lectures encourage us to think critically about technology.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the way the lectures encourage us to think critically about technology.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the way the lectures encourage us to think critically about technology.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While [instructor] has a lot of knowledge, I found some lectures to be less engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While [instructor] has a lot of knowledge, I found some lectures to be less engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While [instructor] has a lot of knowledge, I found some lectures to be less engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [instructor] has a lot of knowledge, I found some lectures to be less engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
Although I appreciate [instructor]’s effort, the course material could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although I appreciate [instructor]’s effort, the course material could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although I appreciate [instructor]’s effort, the course material could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although I appreciate [instructor]’s effort, the course material could be better organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was very supportive and always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very supportive and always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always available to help us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the interesting content of the course, but the workload is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting content of the course, but the workload is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the interesting content of the course, but the workload is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the interesting content of the course, but the workload is overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The assignments helped me manage my time better, even if they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments helped me manage my time better, even if they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments helped me manage my time better, even if they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments helped me manage my time better, even if they felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
[Instructor] is a very supportive advisor and helps us grow academically.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] is a very supportive advisor and helps us grow academically.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[Instructor] is a very supportive advisor and helps us grow academically.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] is a very supportive advisor and helps us grow academically.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that [instructor] could be more engaging during lectures, as sometimes it feels dull.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel that [instructor] could be more engaging during lectures, as sometimes it feels dull.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel that [instructor] could be more engaging during lectures, as sometimes it feels dull.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that [instructor] could be more engaging during lectures, as sometimes it feels dull.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content presented in the course was informative, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content presented in the course was informative, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content presented in the course was informative, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content presented in the course was informative, but I wish we had more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Would like to have various assignments in [System] or [System].The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The hybrid classes offered great flexibility, allowing us to engage more effectively with the instructor.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The hybrid classes offered great flexibility, allowing us to engage more effectively with the instructor.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The hybrid classes offered great flexibility, allowing us to engage more effectively with the instructor.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The hybrid classes offered great flexibility, allowing us to engage more effectively with the instructor.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
While I appreciate the course content, the organization during hybrid classes could use some improvement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciate the course content, the organization during hybrid classes could use some improvement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I appreciate the course content, the organization during hybrid classes could use some improvement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciate the course content, the organization during hybrid classes could use some improvement.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The motivation from the instructor was lacking, even though the content was interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The motivation from the instructor was lacking, even though the content was interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The motivation from the instructor was lacking, even though the content was interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The motivation from the instructor was lacking, even though the content was interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructors did a great job of guiding us through complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructors did a great job of guiding us through complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructors did a great job of guiding us through complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructors did a great job of guiding us through complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some course materials were hard to understand and lacked depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some course materials were hard to understand and lacked depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some course materials were hard to understand and lacked depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some course materials were hard to understand and lacked depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The motivation from the instructors kept me engaged throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The motivation from the instructors kept me engaged throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The motivation from the instructors kept me engaged throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The motivation from the instructors kept me engaged throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and motivates us to learn, which makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and motivates us to learn, which makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and motivates us to learn, which makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and motivates us to learn, which makes the classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Although the content is sometimes difficult, the instructor does a great job of explaining it clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the content is sometimes difficult, the instructor does a great job of explaining it clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the content is sometimes difficult, the instructor does a great job of explaining it clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the content is sometimes difficult, the instructor does a great job of explaining it clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course covers relevant topics, but I wish the instructor would stay on schedule more often.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course covers relevant topics, but I wish the instructor would stay on schedule more often.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course covers relevant topics, but I wish the instructor would stay on schedule more often.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course covers relevant topics, but I wish the instructor would stay on schedule more often.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
This course is good, but the instructor is often unclear in their explanations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
This course is good, but the instructor is often unclear in their explanations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
This course is good, but the instructor is often unclear in their explanations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
This course is good, but the instructor is often unclear in their explanations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content is engaging and encourages us to learn, although I find the organization could be better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The content is engaging and encourages us to learn, although I find the organization could be better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is engaging and encourages us to learn, although I find the organization could be better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The content is engaging and encourages us to learn, although I find the organization could be better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Overall, the course has its merits, but I feel less motivated due to the uninteresting content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Overall, the course has its merits, but I feel less motivated due to the uninteresting content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Overall, the course has its merits, but I feel less motivated due to the uninteresting content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Overall, the course has its merits, but I feel less motivated due to the uninteresting content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was very helpful and made the exam preparation easier.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the exam preparation easier.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the exam preparation easier.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the exam preparation easier.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The content was often confusing, which made studying for the exam difficult.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was often confusing, which made studying for the exam difficult.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often confusing, which made studying for the exam difficult.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was often confusing, which made studying for the exam difficult.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The exam was well-structured, which motivated me to study more effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The exam was well-structured, which motivated me to study more effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The exam was well-structured, which motivated me to study more effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The exam was well-structured, which motivated me to study more effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor was engaging and made learning fun, but the course material was a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was engaging and made learning fun, but the course material was a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was engaging and made learning fun, but the course material was a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was engaging and made learning fun, but the course material was a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciated the organization of the course, but sometimes the pace felt too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated the organization of the course, but sometimes the pace felt too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated the organization of the course, but sometimes the pace felt too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated the organization of the course, but sometimes the pace felt too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The content was interesting, but I didn't feel motivated to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was interesting, but I didn't feel motivated to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content was interesting, but I didn't feel motivated to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was interesting, but I didn't feel motivated to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
Clearer guidelines on the project requirements could really enhance our motivation in tackling the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Clearer guidelines on the project requirements could really enhance our motivation in tackling the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Clearer guidelines on the project requirements could really enhance our motivation in tackling the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Clearer guidelines on the project requirements could really enhance our motivation in tackling the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the project limitations are clear, it would still help to have more details for effective organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the project limitations are clear, it would still help to have more details for effective organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the project limitations are clear, it would still help to have more details for effective organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the project limitations are clear, it would still help to have more details for effective organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor is very helpful during office hours.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful during office hours.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful during office hours.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful during office hours.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The quizzes are fair, but the homework load is too much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quizzes are fair, but the homework load is too much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quizzes are fair, but the homework load is too much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quizzes are fair, but the homework load is too much.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the interesting topics we cover in class, but I wish we had more time for the quizzes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the interesting topics we cover in class, but I wish we had more time for the quizzes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the interesting topics we cover in class, but I wish we had more time for the quizzes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting topics we cover in class, but I wish we had more time for the quizzes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
He's a knowledgeable teacher.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He's a knowledgeable teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
He's a knowledgeable teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He's a knowledgeable teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the course material, but the class pace is too slow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the course material, but the class pace is too slow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the course material, but the class pace is too slow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the course material, but the class pace is too slow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish he would engage us more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish he would engage us more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish he would engage us more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures are interesting, but I wish he would engage us more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is always available to help us outside of class, which shows dedication to our success.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always available to help us outside of class, which shows dedication to our success.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is always available to help us outside of class, which shows dedication to our success.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always available to help us outside of class, which shows dedication to our success.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel that the content provided in class was often too difficult and not well explained.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel that the content provided in class was often too difficult and not well explained.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel that the content provided in class was often too difficult and not well explained.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that the content provided in class was often too difficult and not well explained.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the instructor tries to motivate students, there are times when the lectures seem rushed and unorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the instructor tries to motivate students, there are times when the lectures seem rushed and unorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor tries to motivate students, there are times when the lectures seem rushed and unorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor tries to motivate students, there are times when the lectures seem rushed and unorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
[Instructor] was always available to answer our questions and provided great support.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] was always available to answer our questions and provided great support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[Instructor] was always available to answer our questions and provided great support.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[Instructor] was always available to answer our questions and provided great support.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt that the lectures were too fast-paced, making it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that the lectures were too fast-paced, making it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt that the lectures were too fast-paced, making it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt that the lectures were too fast-paced, making it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials were well-structured, but I wish we had more time to discuss the topics in-depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials were well-structured, but I wish we had more time to discuss the topics in-depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials were well-structured, but I wish we had more time to discuss the topics in-depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials were well-structured, but I wish we had more time to discuss the topics in-depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was always available to help, which motivated us to do our best.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was always available to help, which motivated us to do our best.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was always available to help, which motivated us to do our best.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was always available to help, which motivated us to do our best.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course content felt overwhelming at times, and it was hard to manage our time with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content felt overwhelming at times, and it was hard to manage our time with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content felt overwhelming at times, and it was hard to manage our time with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content felt overwhelming at times, and it was hard to manage our time with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciated the practical assignments that complemented the lectures and helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated the practical assignments that complemented the lectures and helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated the practical assignments that complemented the lectures and helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the practical assignments that complemented the lectures and helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructors provided clear guidance on how to use the system for assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructors provided clear guidance on how to use the system for assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructors provided clear guidance on how to use the system for assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructors provided clear guidance on how to use the system for assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the content quality of our assignments to be lacking, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality of our assignments to be lacking, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality of our assignments to be lacking, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the content quality of our assignments to be lacking, which makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the organization tips given by the faculty, which help me submit my assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the organization tips given by the faculty, which help me submit my assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the organization tips given by the faculty, which help me submit my assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the organization tips given by the faculty, which help me submit my assignments on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps us understand the material better despite the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps us understand the material better despite the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps us understand the material better despite the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear guidance, which helps us understand the material better despite the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the group projects are very demanding, they do encourage teamwork and help us bond with our classmates.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the group projects are very demanding, they do encourage teamwork and help us bond with our classmates.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the group projects are very demanding, they do encourage teamwork and help us bond with our classmates.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the group projects are very demanding, they do encourage teamwork and help us bond with our classmates.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are plenty, but they are well-structured and do cover important aspects of the course, making learning more efficient.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are plenty, but they are well-structured and do cover important aspects of the course, making learning more efficient.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are plenty, but they are well-structured and do cover important aspects of the course, making learning more efficient.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments are plenty, but they are well-structured and do cover important aspects of the course, making learning more efficient.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject exciting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject exciting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject exciting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is always engaging and makes the subject exciting.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While the content is informative, the teaching pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is informative, the teaching pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is informative, the teaching pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content is informative, the teaching pace can be slow at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the course structure, but I wish the instructor would provide more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the course structure, but I wish the instructor would provide more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the course structure, but I wish the instructor would provide more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the course structure, but I wish the instructor would provide more real-world examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how passionate the instructor is about the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how passionate the instructor is about the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how passionate the instructor is about the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how passionate the instructor is about the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The course material was well-structured, which made it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was well-structured, which made it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was well-structured, which made it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material was well-structured, which made it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
Sometimes the pace seemed too rushed, making it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes the pace seemed too rushed, making it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes the pace seemed too rushed, making it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes the pace seemed too rushed, making it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The quiz is testing our knowledge effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The quiz is testing our knowledge effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quiz is testing our knowledge effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz is testing our knowledge effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The quiz feels too rushed and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The quiz feels too rushed and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The quiz feels too rushed and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The quiz feels too rushed and not well organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The quiz checks our names, which is fine, but I wish we had more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The quiz checks our names, which is fine, but I wish we had more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The quiz checks our names, which is fine, but I wish we had more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The quiz checks our names, which is fine, but I wish we had more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor was very supportive and always provided helpful feedback on our projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always provided helpful feedback on our projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always provided helpful feedback on our projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very supportive and always provided helpful feedback on our projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I felt overwhelmed by the time constraints, which made the projects less enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the time constraints, which made the projects less enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the time constraints, which made the projects less enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt overwhelmed by the time constraints, which made the projects less enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had better organization to balance our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had better organization to balance our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had better organization to balance our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was interesting, but I wish we had better organization to balance our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I really appreciate how the instructor listens to students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor listens to students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructor listens to students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructor listens to students and is adaptable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the instructor is good at listening, the content could be more engaging and relevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructor is good at listening, the content could be more engaging and relevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor is good at listening, the content could be more engaging and relevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor is good at listening, the content could be more engaging and relevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor seems to care about us, but sometimes the classes feel unorganized and rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor seems to care about us, but sometimes the classes feel unorganized and rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor seems to care about us, but sometimes the classes feel unorganized and rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor seems to care about us, but sometimes the classes feel unorganized and rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
You make learning fun and engaging, thank you!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
You make learning fun and engaging, thank you!The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
You make learning fun and engaging, thank you!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
You make learning fun and engaging, thank you!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I struggle to keep up with the pace of your classes, it's too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I struggle to keep up with the pace of your classes, it's too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I struggle to keep up with the pace of your classes, it's too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I struggle to keep up with the pace of your classes, it's too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The lectures are informative, but sometimes I wish for more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures are informative, but sometimes I wish for more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are informative, but sometimes I wish for more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures are informative, but sometimes I wish for more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the material engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the material engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the material engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and makes the material engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the instructor struggles with clarity, the content is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the instructor struggles with clarity, the content is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor struggles with clarity, the content is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the instructor struggles with clarity, the content is interesting and relevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lectures are sometimes difficult to follow, but the assignments are well-structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures are sometimes difficult to follow, but the assignments are well-structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are sometimes difficult to follow, but the assignments are well-structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures are sometimes difficult to follow, but the assignments are well-structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
He is very engaging when teaching complex topics in English.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is very engaging when teaching complex topics in English.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
He is very engaging when teaching complex topics in English.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is very engaging when teaching complex topics in English.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes, his explanations in Thai are not very clear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes, his explanations in Thai are not very clear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes, his explanations in Thai are not very clear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Sometimes, his explanations in Thai are not very clear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He manages his class time well, making sure all topics are covered.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
He manages his class time well, making sure all topics are covered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
He manages his class time well, making sure all topics are covered.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He manages his class time well, making sure all topics are covered.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor explains complex topics really well, but I wish the content was a bit more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains complex topics really well, but I wish the content was a bit more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor explains complex topics really well, but I wish the content was a bit more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains complex topics really well, but I wish the content was a bit more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I'm motivated to study more, and the course content is truly interesting, but I find the organization during lectures needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I'm motivated to study more, and the course content is truly interesting, but I find the organization during lectures needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I'm motivated to study more, and the course content is truly interesting, but I find the organization during lectures needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I'm motivated to study more, and the course content is truly interesting, but I find the organization during lectures needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The midterm exam made me realize I need to work on my organization skills, and while the content can be tough, I appreciate the instructor's support.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The midterm exam made me realize I need to work on my organization skills, and while the content can be tough, I appreciate the instructor's support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The midterm exam made me realize I need to work on my organization skills, and while the content can be tough, I appreciate the instructor's support.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The midterm exam made me realize I need to work on my organization skills, and while the content can be tough, I appreciate the instructor's support.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The extra class helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The extra class helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The extra class helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The extra class helped me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I feel the extra class was poorly organized and wasted my time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel the extra class was poorly organized and wasted my time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel the extra class was poorly organized and wasted my time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel the extra class was poorly organized and wasted my time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The extra class was a good option, but it could have been scheduled earlier in the week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The extra class was a good option, but it could have been scheduled earlier in the week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The extra class was a good option, but it could have been scheduled earlier in the week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The extra class was a good option, but it could have been scheduled earlier in the week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor's accent is hard to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor's accent is hard to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's accent is hard to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's accent is hard to understand the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I find the instructor's accent to be challenging, but the content is engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the instructor's accent to be challenging, but the content is engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the instructor's accent to be challenging, but the content is engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the instructor's accent to be challenging, but the content is engaging and informative.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the instructor's accent might be difficult at times, the lessons are well-organized and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the instructor's accent might be difficult at times, the lessons are well-organized and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the instructor's accent might be difficult at times, the lessons are well-organized and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the instructor's accent might be difficult at times, the lessons are well-organized and keep me motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and explains concepts clearly, but the midterm exam's heavy focus on calculations made it frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and explains concepts clearly, but the midterm exam's heavy focus on calculations made it frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and explains concepts clearly, but the midterm exam's heavy focus on calculations made it frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and explains concepts clearly, but the midterm exam's heavy focus on calculations made it frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the course content, but I feel the midterm was too rushed, which made it hard to demonstrate my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the course content, but I feel the midterm was too rushed, which made it hard to demonstrate my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the course content, but I feel the midterm was too rushed, which made it hard to demonstrate my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the course content, but I feel the midterm was too rushed, which made it hard to demonstrate my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor's encouragement helped me stay motivated throughout the course, and the calculation-heavy midterm gave me a chance to review the material deeply.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's encouragement helped me stay motivated throughout the course, and the calculation-heavy midterm gave me a chance to review the material deeply.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's encouragement helped me stay motivated throughout the course, and the calculation-heavy midterm gave me a chance to review the material deeply.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor's encouragement helped me stay motivated throughout the course, and the calculation-heavy midterm gave me a chance to review the material deeply.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations that help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the content is interesting, the sheer volume of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the sheer volume of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, the sheer volume of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content is interesting, the sheer volume of assignments makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the group work as it allows us to collaborate and learn from each other, even with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the group work as it allows us to collaborate and learn from each other, even with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the group work as it allows us to collaborate and learn from each other, even with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the group work as it allows us to collaborate and learn from each other, even with the heavy workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teaching way is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching way is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching way is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teaching way is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
Although I like the teaching way, the course material was often outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although I like the teaching way, the course material was often outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although I like the teaching way, the course material was often outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although I like the teaching way, the course material was often outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The teaching way is just okay, but I found the instructor to be really motivating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teaching way is just okay, but I found the instructor to be really motivating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching way is just okay, but I found the instructor to be really motivating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teaching way is just okay, but I found the instructor to be really motivating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm, which makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm, which makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm, which makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's enthusiasm, which makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The lectures sometimes feel rushed, but the content is really interesting and well-organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures sometimes feel rushed, but the content is really interesting and well-organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures sometimes feel rushed, but the content is really interesting and well-organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures sometimes feel rushed, but the content is really interesting and well-organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
The instructor explains the material slowly enough for everyone to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the material slowly enough for everyone to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor explains the material slowly enough for everyone to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the material slowly enough for everyone to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive. .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often goes too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often goes too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often goes too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the instructor often goes too fast for most students to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative. .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the classes, but I struggle to stay engaged with the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the classes, but I struggle to stay engaged with the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the classes, but I struggle to stay engaged with the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the classes, but I struggle to stay engaged with the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral. .
The instructor explains the difficult concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the difficult concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor explains the difficult concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the difficult concepts clearly, which helps us understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content is challenging, it is also quite engaging and meaningful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is challenging, it is also quite engaging and meaningful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is challenging, it is also quite engaging and meaningful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the course content is challenging, it is also quite engaging and meaningful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the workload and sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the workload and sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the workload and sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the workload and sometimes struggle to keep up with the pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think we can get into modern programming practices faster. The instructor was very engaging and made the material interesting, but it's a shame that we only get to learn modern techniques on the last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into modern programming practices faster. The instructor was very engaging and made the material interesting, but it's a shame that we only get to learn modern techniques on the last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into modern programming practices faster. The instructor was very engaging and made the material interesting, but it's a shame that we only get to learn modern techniques on the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think we can get into modern programming practices faster. The instructor was very engaging and made the material interesting, but it's a shame that we only get to learn modern techniques on the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The content quality was decent, but the motivation to learn felt lacking at times, especially since we only covered the latest innovations toward the end.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The content quality was decent, but the motivation to learn felt lacking at times, especially since we only covered the latest innovations toward the end.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The content quality was decent, but the motivation to learn felt lacking at times, especially since we only covered the latest innovations toward the end.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The content quality was decent, but the motivation to learn felt lacking at times, especially since we only covered the latest innovations toward the end.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think we can get into essential skills faster. The instructor provided valuable insights throughout the semester, making up for the fact that modern tools were introduced only in the final week of the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into essential skills faster. The instructor provided valuable insights throughout the semester, making up for the fact that modern tools were introduced only in the final week of the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into essential skills faster. The instructor provided valuable insights throughout the semester, making up for the fact that modern tools were introduced only in the final week of the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think we can get into essential skills faster. The instructor provided valuable insights throughout the semester, making up for the fact that modern tools were introduced only in the final week of the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor explains the material very clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the material very clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains the material very clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the material very clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me to absorb it all.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me to absorb it all.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me to absorb it all.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me to absorb it all.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor encourages us to participate in class discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Aj explains concepts clearly when he gives lectures, and the homework is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj explains concepts clearly when he gives lectures, and the homework is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj explains concepts clearly when he gives lectures, and the homework is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj explains concepts clearly when he gives lectures, and the homework is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Aj often provides unclear explanations for homework, but the content is still interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Aj often provides unclear explanations for homework, but the content is still interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj often provides unclear explanations for homework, but the content is still interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj often provides unclear explanations for homework, but the content is still interesting and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Aj's homework assignments are difficult to understand, yet I appreciate the effort he puts into responding to emails.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Aj's homework assignments are difficult to understand, yet I appreciate the effort he puts into responding to emails.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj's homework assignments are difficult to understand, yet I appreciate the effort he puts into responding to emails.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj's homework assignments are difficult to understand, yet I appreciate the effort he puts into responding to emails.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your clear explanations help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your clear explanations help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your clear explanations help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your clear explanations help me understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but sometimes the lessons feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but sometimes the lessons feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but sometimes the lessons feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate your enthusiasm, but sometimes the lessons feel rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The topics are interesting, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The topics are interesting, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The topics are interesting, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The topics are interesting, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the teacher explains the lessons clearly, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher explains the lessons clearly, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher explains the lessons clearly, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher explains the lessons clearly, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes I find the slides helpful, but I feel the teacher should provide more examples during the lesson to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes I find the slides helpful, but I feel the teacher should provide more examples during the lesson to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes I find the slides helpful, but I feel the teacher should provide more examples during the lesson to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes I find the slides helpful, but I feel the teacher should provide more examples during the lesson to keep us motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the teacher manages the class time well, allowing us to ask questions throughout the lesson.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the teacher manages the class time well, allowing us to ask questions throughout the lesson.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the teacher manages the class time well, allowing us to ask questions throughout the lesson.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think the teacher manages the class time well, allowing us to ask questions throughout the lesson.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Your lectures are engaging, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the amount of assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your lectures are engaging, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the amount of assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Your lectures are engaging, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the amount of assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Your lectures are engaging, but sometimes I feel overwhelmed by the amount of assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate your clear explanations, although I wish the lectures were a bit faster-paced to keep my attention.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your clear explanations, although I wish the lectures were a bit faster-paced to keep my attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate your clear explanations, although I wish the lectures were a bit faster-paced to keep my attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your clear explanations, although I wish the lectures were a bit faster-paced to keep my attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I found the course useful, the workload felt excessive, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I found the course useful, the workload felt excessive, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I found the course useful, the workload felt excessive, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I found the course useful, the workload felt excessive, making it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helped clarify complex concepts.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helped clarify complex concepts.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helped clarify complex concepts.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very knowledgeable and helped clarify complex concepts.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The content was often outdated, making it difficult to relate to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was often outdated, making it difficult to relate to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was often outdated, making it difficult to relate to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was often outdated, making it difficult to relate to current technology trends.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures were engaging, but some assignments felt rushed, impacting my overall learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures were engaging, but some assignments felt rushed, impacting my overall learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lectures were engaging, but some assignments felt rushed, impacting my overall learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures were engaging, but some assignments felt rushed, impacting my overall learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very helpful and responds quickly to our questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and responds quickly to our questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and responds quickly to our questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and responds quickly to our questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I'm overwhelmed with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I'm overwhelmed with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but I'm overwhelmed with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I'm overwhelmed with all the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay organized, even if there's a lot of homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay organized, even if there's a lot of homework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay organized, even if there's a lot of homework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to stay organized, even if there's a lot of homework.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Your lectures are engaging and informative, but sometimes the pace is a bit too fast for the students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your lectures are engaging and informative, but sometimes the pace is a bit too fast for the students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your lectures are engaging and informative, but sometimes the pace is a bit too fast for the students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Your lectures are engaging and informative, but sometimes the pace is a bit too fast for the students.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I often feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials were well-organized, but I wish the lectures had more real-world applications to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials were well-organized, but I wish the lectures had more real-world applications to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials were well-organized, but I wish the lectures had more real-world applications to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course materials were well-organized, but I wish the lectures had more real-world applications to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
However, the content quality could be much better and often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
However, the content quality could be much better and often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
However, the content quality could be much better and often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
However, the content quality could be much better and often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I find the course motivating, but the organization during classes needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course motivating, but the organization during classes needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course motivating, but the organization during classes needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the course motivating, but the organization during classes needs improvement.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
His lectures are engaging, but the course materials could use improvement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
His lectures are engaging, but the course materials could use improvement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
His lectures are engaging, but the course materials could use improvement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
His lectures are engaging, but the course materials could use improvement.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate his enthusiasm, but sometimes he runs out of time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate his enthusiasm, but sometimes he runs out of time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate his enthusiasm, but sometimes he runs out of time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate his enthusiasm, but sometimes he runs out of time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate that the instructor provides clear guidance during our quizzes, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor provides clear guidance during our quizzes, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor provides clear guidance during our quizzes, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor provides clear guidance during our quizzes, which helps me understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is often engaging, but the timing of quizzes could improve to help students manage their schedules better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is often engaging, but the timing of quizzes could improve to help students manage their schedules better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is often engaging, but the timing of quizzes could improve to help students manage their schedules better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is often engaging, but the timing of quizzes could improve to help students manage their schedules better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I enjoy the interactive sessions, the quizzes being scheduled at the faculty make it tough for students coming from far.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I enjoy the interactive sessions, the quizzes being scheduled at the faculty make it tough for students coming from far.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I enjoy the interactive sessions, the quizzes being scheduled at the faculty make it tough for students coming from far.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I enjoy the interactive sessions, the quizzes being scheduled at the faculty make it tough for students coming from far.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Advanced topic in data science, and deep learning is very difficult. The instructor explained the concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Advanced topic in data science, and deep learning is very difficult. The instructor explained the concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Advanced topic in data science, and deep learning is very difficult. The instructor explained the concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in data science, and deep learning is very difficult. The instructor explained the concepts clearlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content is not well-structured and confusingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content is not well-structured and confusingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content is not well-structured and confusingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Advanced topic in web development, and responsive design is very difficult. The content is not well-structured and confusingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and agile methodology is very difficult. I feel motivated by the real-world examples shared by the instructorThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and agile methodology is very difficult. I feel motivated by the real-world examples shared by the instructorThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and agile methodology is very difficult. I feel motivated by the real-world examples shared by the instructorThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Advanced topic in software engineering, and agile methodology is very difficult. I feel motivated by the real-world examples shared by the instructorThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] is very approachable and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[instructor] is very approachable and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[instructor] is very approachable and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[instructor] is very approachable and makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While [instructor] knows the material well, I wish they provided more structured feedback for improvement.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While [instructor] knows the material well, I wish they provided more structured feedback for improvement.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While [instructor] knows the material well, I wish they provided more structured feedback for improvement.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [instructor] knows the material well, I wish they provided more structured feedback for improvement.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how [instructor] always encourages us to think critically about the course material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] always encourages us to think critically about the course material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] always encourages us to think critically about the course material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] always encourages us to think critically about the course material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor makes the lessons, but the tight deadlines create a lot of stress for students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor makes the lessons, but the tight deadlines create a lot of stress for students.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor makes the lessons, but the tight deadlines create a lot of stress for students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging the instructor makes the lessons, but the tight deadlines create a lot of stress for students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The materials provided are very helpful, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The materials provided are very helpful, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The materials provided are very helpful, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The materials provided are very helpful, yet I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the homework challenging, but it really motivates me to improve my skills, even if the due dates are quite soon.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the homework challenging, but it really motivates me to improve my skills, even if the due dates are quite soon.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the homework challenging, but it really motivates me to improve my skills, even if the due dates are quite soon.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the homework challenging, but it really motivates me to improve my skills, even if the due dates are quite soon.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor Aj. is very nice.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor Aj. is very nice.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor Aj. is very nice.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor Aj. is very nice.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Aj. was friendly, but the course content was often unclear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj. was friendly, but the course content was often unclear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Aj. was friendly, but the course content was often unclear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. was friendly, but the course content was often unclear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While Aj. creates a comfortable environment, I sometimes felt unmotivated to participate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While Aj. creates a comfortable environment, I sometimes felt unmotivated to participate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While Aj. creates a comfortable environment, I sometimes felt unmotivated to participate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While Aj. creates a comfortable environment, I sometimes felt unmotivated to participate.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe the instructor is very helpful and always offers great support.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe the instructor is very helpful and always offers great support.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe the instructor is very helpful and always offers great support.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe the instructor is very helpful and always offers great support.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework load is overwhelming and doesn't contribute to my understanding of the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The homework load is overwhelming and doesn't contribute to my understanding of the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The homework load is overwhelming and doesn't contribute to my understanding of the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The homework load is overwhelming and doesn't contribute to my understanding of the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the homework is somewhat unnecessary.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the homework is somewhat unnecessary.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the homework is somewhat unnecessary.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the homework is somewhat unnecessary.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but the material was interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but the material was interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but the material was interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but the material was interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but I feel engaged during the classes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but I feel engaged during the classes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but I feel engaged during the classes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher taught is a little too fast, but I feel engaged during the classes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was really engaging and made the subject come alive, but sometimes the content felt a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was really engaging and made the subject come alive, but sometimes the content felt a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was really engaging and made the subject come alive, but sometimes the content felt a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was really engaging and made the subject come alive, but sometimes the content felt a bit overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I loved the course format and the materials provided were excellent, but I struggled with the pacing of the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I loved the course format and the materials provided were excellent, but I struggled with the pacing of the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I loved the course format and the materials provided were excellent, but I struggled with the pacing of the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I loved the course format and the materials provided were excellent, but I struggled with the pacing of the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lectures were good, but I found myself losing motivation when we covered complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures were good, but I found myself losing motivation when we covered complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lectures were good, but I found myself losing motivation when we covered complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures were good, but I found myself losing motivation when we covered complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your teaching styles were easy to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content was sometimes unclear and confusing.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was sometimes unclear and confusing.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was sometimes unclear and confusing.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was sometimes unclear and confusing.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort you put into motivating us, but the timing of assignments was often challenging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort you put into motivating us, but the timing of assignments was often challenging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort you put into motivating us, but the timing of assignments was often challenging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort you put into motivating us, but the timing of assignments was often challenging.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[Instructor] was very approachable and always willing to help us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[Instructor] was very approachable and always willing to help us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[Instructor] was very approachable and always willing to help us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[Instructor] was very approachable and always willing to help us with our questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course provided valuable insights, I felt that [instructor] sometimes rushed through important topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course provided valuable insights, I felt that [instructor] sometimes rushed through important topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course provided valuable insights, I felt that [instructor] sometimes rushed through important topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course provided valuable insights, I felt that [instructor] sometimes rushed through important topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how [instructor] offered constructive feedback, although I found some of the assignments overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] offered constructive feedback, although I found some of the assignments overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how [instructor] offered constructive feedback, although I found some of the assignments overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate how [instructor] offered constructive feedback, although I found some of the assignments overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description, especially the score criteria, as that would help me stay motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description, especially the score criteria, as that would help me stay motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description, especially the score criteria, as that would help me stay motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
It would be great if we can get more information about the project description, especially the score criteria, as that would help me stay motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel the lack of clear project requirements has made it hard to manage my time effectively, and it's frustrating not knowing the scores we might receive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel the lack of clear project requirements has made it hard to manage my time effectively, and it's frustrating not knowing the scores we might receive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel the lack of clear project requirements has made it hard to manage my time effectively, and it's frustrating not knowing the scores we might receive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel the lack of clear project requirements has made it hard to manage my time effectively, and it's frustrating not knowing the scores we might receive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Overall, the course has been enjoyable, but I would appreciate clearer project limitations to enhance our understanding of the content quality.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Overall, the course has been enjoyable, but I would appreciate clearer project limitations to enhance our understanding of the content quality.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Overall, the course has been enjoyable, but I would appreciate clearer project limitations to enhance our understanding of the content quality.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Overall, the course has been enjoyable, but I would appreciate clearer project limitations to enhance our understanding of the content quality.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many workloads can be overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloads can be overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many workloads can be overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many workloads can be overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads lead to burnout, yet I found the content quality to be excellent.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Many workloads lead to burnout, yet I found the content quality to be excellent.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many workloads lead to burnout, yet I found the content quality to be excellent.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloads lead to burnout, yet I found the content quality to be excellent.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads are manageable when the instructor provides clear guidelines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloads are manageable when the instructor provides clear guidelines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many workloads are manageable when the instructor provides clear guidelines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many workloads are manageable when the instructor provides clear guidelines.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content of the course is interesting, but the excessive workload makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the course is interesting, but the excessive workload makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is interesting, but the excessive workload makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the course is interesting, but the excessive workload makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I have learned a lot from the course material, but the number of required pages for assignments feels unreasonable and burdensome.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I have learned a lot from the course material, but the number of required pages for assignments feels unreasonable and burdensome.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I have learned a lot from the course material, but the number of required pages for assignments feels unreasonable and burdensome.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I have learned a lot from the course material, but the number of required pages for assignments feels unreasonable and burdensome.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really appreciate how the instructors provide timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructors provide timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate how the instructors provide timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how the instructors provide timely feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The content of this course is sometimes overwhelming and could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of this course is sometimes overwhelming and could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content of this course is sometimes overwhelming and could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of this course is sometimes overwhelming and could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the assignments interesting, but I often struggle with managing my time effectively due to unclear instructions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the assignments interesting, but I often struggle with managing my time effectively due to unclear instructions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the assignments interesting, but I often struggle with managing my time effectively due to unclear instructions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the assignments interesting, but I often struggle with managing my time effectively due to unclear instructions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was helpful and always available for questions, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was helpful and always available for questions, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was helpful and always available for questions, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was helpful and always available for questions, but the course materials were often outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course was very engaging, I felt that the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course was very engaging, I felt that the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course was very engaging, I felt that the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the course was very engaging, I felt that the instructor could have managed the time better during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content was relevant and interesting, but I found the instructor's teaching style a bit dull.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content was relevant and interesting, but I found the instructor's teaching style a bit dull.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content was relevant and interesting, but I found the instructor's teaching style a bit dull.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content was relevant and interesting, but I found the instructor's teaching style a bit dull.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the teacher should provide more past videos for review.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the teacher should provide more past videos for review.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the teacher should provide more past videos for review.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the teacher should provide more past videos for review.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher rarely posts past videos, which makes it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher rarely posts past videos, which makes it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher rarely posts past videos, which makes it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher rarely posts past videos, which makes it hard to grasp the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I wish there were more videos available for practice.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I wish there were more videos available for practice.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I wish there were more videos available for practice.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I wish there were more videos available for practice.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor did a great job engaging us during the online session.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor did a great job engaging us during the online session.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor did a great job engaging us during the online session.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor did a great job engaging us during the online session.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The online guest speaker had interesting content, but I found it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The online guest speaker had interesting content, but I found it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The online guest speaker had interesting content, but I found it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The online guest speaker had interesting content, but I found it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the organization could be better, as some topics felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the organization could be better, as some topics felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the organization could be better, as some topics felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the organization could be better, as some topics felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I truly appreciate your enthusiasm in class, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I truly appreciate your enthusiasm in class, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I truly appreciate your enthusiasm in class, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I truly appreciate your enthusiasm in class, but sometimes the content feels a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Your lectures are very engaging, but I wish you would manage the class time better to cover all the topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Your lectures are very engaging, but I wish you would manage the class time better to cover all the topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Your lectures are very engaging, but I wish you would manage the class time better to cover all the topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Your lectures are very engaging, but I wish you would manage the class time better to cover all the topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I find your teaching style enjoyable, I feel that some of the material could be explained more clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I find your teaching style enjoyable, I feel that some of the material could be explained more clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I find your teaching style enjoyable, I feel that some of the material could be explained more clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I find your teaching style enjoyable, I feel that some of the material could be explained more clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, but the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines given in the courses.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines given in the courses.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines given in the courses.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines given in the courses.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really enjoy the way the teacher explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really enjoy the way the teacher explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really enjoy the way the teacher explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy the way the teacher explains the material clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course is too confusing and overwhelming to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content of the course is too confusing and overwhelming to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content of the course is too confusing and overwhelming to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content of the course is too confusing and overwhelming to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is always on time and respects our schedule, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teacher is always on time and respects our schedule, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher is always on time and respects our schedule, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher is always on time and respects our schedule, but I wish the lessons were more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's feedback, but I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework given.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is very engaging, which helps me stay motivated despite the busy schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is very engaging, which helps me stay motivated despite the busy schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is very engaging, which helps me stay motivated despite the busy schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material is very engaging, which helps me stay motivated despite the busy schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the assignments are clear, the instructor could offer more guidance during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the assignments are clear, the instructor could offer more guidance during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While the assignments are clear, the instructor could offer more guidance during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the assignments are clear, the instructor could offer more guidance during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provided clear explanations and was always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided clear explanations and was always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provided clear explanations and was always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provided clear explanations and was always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While TA is very efficient, I found some of the course content to be outdated and not engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While TA is very efficient, I found some of the course content to be outdated and not engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While TA is very efficient, I found some of the course content to be outdated and not engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While TA is very efficient, I found some of the course content to be outdated and not engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The organization during the course could be improved, but TA remains supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The organization during the course could be improved, but TA remains supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The organization during the course could be improved, but TA remains supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The organization during the course could be improved, but TA remains supportive and encouraging.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the clarity of the instructor's explanations, but the course materials felt outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the clarity of the instructor's explanations, but the course materials felt outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciated the clarity of the instructor's explanations, but the course materials felt outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciated the clarity of the instructor's explanations, but the course materials felt outdated and uninspiring.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very approachable, and I enjoyed participating in class discussions, but the assignments were often unclear, leaving many of us confused about expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very approachable, and I enjoyed participating in class discussions, but the assignments were often unclear, leaving many of us confused about expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very approachable, and I enjoyed participating in class discussions, but the assignments were often unclear, leaving many of us confused about expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very approachable, and I enjoyed participating in class discussions, but the assignments were often unclear, leaving many of us confused about expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the course content to be interesting, but the amount of time given for assignments was often insufficient, leading to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course content to be interesting, but the amount of time given for assignments was often insufficient, leading to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the course content to be interesting, but the amount of time given for assignments was often insufficient, leading to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the course content to be interesting, but the amount of time given for assignments was often insufficient, leading to a lot of stress.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I'm grateful for your supportive approach!The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I'm grateful for your supportive approach!The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I'm grateful for your supportive approach!The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I'm grateful for your supportive approach!The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate your teaching, I wish the assignments were clearer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I appreciate your teaching, I wish the assignments were clearer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I appreciate your teaching, I wish the assignments were clearer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I appreciate your teaching, I wish the assignments were clearer.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Thank you for your lectures, but sometimes it felt like time was wasted.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Thank you for your lectures, but sometimes it felt like time was wasted.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Thank you for your lectures, but sometimes it felt like time was wasted.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Thank you for your lectures, but sometimes it felt like time was wasted.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very helpful in providing guidance during the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in providing guidance during the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in providing guidance during the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in providing guidance during the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content felt outdated and did not engage my interest at all.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content felt outdated and did not engage my interest at all.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content felt outdated and did not engage my interest at all.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content felt outdated and did not engage my interest at all.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciated the organization of the classes, which showed excellent organization.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciated the organization of the classes, which showed excellent organization.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the organization of the classes, which showed excellent organization.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated the organization of the classes, which showed excellent organization.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor made the class very engaging, which helped me learn better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the class very engaging, which helped me learn better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor made the class very engaging, which helped me learn better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made the class very engaging, which helped me learn better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt the content was too difficult to understand, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt the content was too difficult to understand, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt the content was too difficult to understand, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt the content was too difficult to understand, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The timing of the lectures was well-structured, allowing us to cover all important topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The timing of the lectures was well-structured, allowing us to cover all important topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The timing of the lectures was well-structured, allowing us to cover all important topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The timing of the lectures was well-structured, allowing us to cover all important topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to explain the concepts, but sometimes the content quality was lacking in depth.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to explain the concepts, but sometimes the content quality was lacking in depth.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to explain the concepts, but sometimes the content quality was lacking in depth.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's effort to explain the concepts, but sometimes the content quality was lacking in depth.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course motivated me to learn more about coding, yet I found the organization to be poor, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course motivated me to learn more about coding, yet I found the organization to be poor, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course motivated me to learn more about coding, yet I found the organization to be poor, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course motivated me to learn more about coding, yet I found the organization to be poor, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I understand some parts, I feel that the instructor could improve by being more engaging, even if the overall content quality is decent.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While I understand some parts, I feel that the instructor could improve by being more engaging, even if the overall content quality is decent.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I understand some parts, I feel that the instructor could improve by being more engaging, even if the overall content quality is decent.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I understand some parts, I feel that the instructor could improve by being more engaging, even if the overall content quality is decent.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and willing to explain concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and willing to explain concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and willing to explain concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and willing to explain concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course content to be interesting, but I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find the course content to be interesting, but I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course content to be interesting, but I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course content to be interesting, but I often feel lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes, I struggle with the pace of the classes, but the teacher encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Sometimes, I struggle with the pace of the classes, but the teacher encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes, I struggle with the pace of the classes, but the teacher encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Sometimes, I struggle with the pace of the classes, but the teacher encourages us to ask questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content was often too complicated, and I felt lost at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was often too complicated, and I felt lost at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was often too complicated, and I felt lost at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was often too complicated, and I felt lost at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated the feedback from the instructor, which helped me stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher really connects with each of us and creates a supportive environment.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher really connects with each of us and creates a supportive environment.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher really connects with each of us and creates a supportive environment.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher really connects with each of us and creates a supportive environment.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course material to be quite unclear at times, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course material to be quite unclear at times, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course material to be quite unclear at times, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course material to be quite unclear at times, which makes it hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher allows us to ask questions freely, which keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher allows us to ask questions freely, which keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher allows us to ask questions freely, which keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher allows us to ask questions freely, which keeps us motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how [instructor] always reminds us of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] always reminds us of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] always reminds us of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how [instructor] always reminds us of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be helpful if [instructor] provided clearer outlines for the assignments to avoid confusion.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
It would be helpful if [instructor] provided clearer outlines for the assignments to avoid confusion.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
It would be helpful if [instructor] provided clearer outlines for the assignments to avoid confusion.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be helpful if [instructor] provided clearer outlines for the assignments to avoid confusion.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think the content quality is good, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the content quality is good, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I think the content quality is good, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the content quality is good, but I sometimes struggle to keep up with deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be great if the instructor could provide more engaging materials to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if the instructor could provide more engaging materials to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
It would be great if the instructor could provide more engaging materials to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be great if the instructor could provide more engaging materials to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is often too rushed, making it hard to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is often too rushed, making it hard to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is often too rushed, making it hard to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content is often too rushed, making it hard to keep up with the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to clarify complex topics, but having a fixed schedule would help us plan better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to clarify complex topics, but having a fixed schedule would help us plan better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to clarify complex topics, but having a fixed schedule would help us plan better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the time the instructor takes to clarify complex topics, but having a fixed schedule would help us plan better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of homework assigned each week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials are very interesting, but the homework can be excessive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are very interesting, but the homework can be excessive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are very interesting, but the homework can be excessive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are very interesting, but the homework can be excessive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is really passionate about teaching and tries to engage students, which is uplifting, but the course content is still quite challenging to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is really passionate about teaching and tries to engage students, which is uplifting, but the course content is still quite challenging to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is really passionate about teaching and tries to engage students, which is uplifting, but the course content is still quite challenging to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is really passionate about teaching and tries to engage students, which is uplifting, but the course content is still quite challenging to grasp fully.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content provided is relevant and informative, I find the instructor's methods somewhat difficult to follow, leaving me less motivated to engage in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content provided is relevant and informative, I find the instructor's methods somewhat difficult to follow, leaving me less motivated to engage in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content provided is relevant and informative, I find the instructor's methods somewhat difficult to follow, leaving me less motivated to engage in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content provided is relevant and informative, I find the instructor's methods somewhat difficult to follow, leaving me less motivated to engage in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments are well-structured and help reinforce the material, but I feel like the instructor needs to adjust the pacing to allow more time for understanding the coursework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are well-structured and help reinforce the material, but I feel like the instructor needs to adjust the pacing to allow more time for understanding the coursework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are well-structured and help reinforce the material, but I feel like the instructor needs to adjust the pacing to allow more time for understanding the coursework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments are well-structured and help reinforce the material, but I feel like the instructor needs to adjust the pacing to allow more time for understanding the coursework.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher's enthusiasm is contagious and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher's enthusiasm is contagious and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher's enthusiasm is contagious and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher's enthusiasm is contagious and makes the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material feels outdated, and it would be better if it was more relevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material feels outdated, and it would be better if it was more relevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material feels outdated, and it would be better if it was more relevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material feels outdated, and it would be better if it was more relevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the lessons are sometimes boring, I appreciate that the teacher stays on schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the lessons are sometimes boring, I appreciate that the teacher stays on schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the lessons are sometimes boring, I appreciate that the teacher stays on schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the lessons are sometimes boring, I appreciate that the teacher stays on schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I believe this course has great potential, but some of the content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I believe this course has great potential, but some of the content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe this course has great potential, but some of the content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe this course has great potential, but some of the content felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very enthusiastic, which makes the classes enjoyable, but the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very enthusiastic, which makes the classes enjoyable, but the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very enthusiastic, which makes the classes enjoyable, but the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very enthusiastic, which makes the classes enjoyable, but the organization could be improved.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is interesting, but I feel less motivated because the instructor doesn't engage with the students much.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course material is interesting, but I feel less motivated because the instructor doesn't engage with the students much.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but I feel less motivated because the instructor doesn't engage with the students much.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is interesting, but I feel less motivated because the instructor doesn't engage with the students much.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the instructor did a great job explaining the theoretical concepts, but the course would benefit from more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the instructor did a great job explaining the theoretical concepts, but the course would benefit from more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the instructor did a great job explaining the theoretical concepts, but the course would benefit from more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the instructor did a great job explaining the theoretical concepts, but the course would benefit from more practical examples.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Even though the content quality is high and well-researched, I often feel unmotivated due to the lack of practical applications in the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Even though the content quality is high and well-researched, I often feel unmotivated due to the lack of practical applications in the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Even though the content quality is high and well-researched, I often feel unmotivated due to the lack of practical applications in the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Even though the content quality is high and well-researched, I often feel unmotivated due to the lack of practical applications in the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the focus on theory, as it provides a solid foundation, but I would like more engaging activities to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the focus on theory, as it provides a solid foundation, but I would like more engaging activities to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the focus on theory, as it provides a solid foundation, but I would like more engaging activities to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the focus on theory, as it provides a solid foundation, but I would like more engaging activities to enhance learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides extra help when needed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides extra help when needed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides extra help when needed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and always provides extra help when needed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the quizzes often feel overwhelming without enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is interesting, the quizzes often feel overwhelming without enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is interesting, the quizzes often feel overwhelming without enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the content is interesting, the quizzes often feel overwhelming without enough time to absorb everything.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the way the instructor explains the hard topics, though I wish we had more practice sessions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor explains the hard topics, though I wish we had more practice sessions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the way the instructor explains the hard topics, though I wish we had more practice sessions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the way the instructor explains the hard topics, though I wish we had more practice sessions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the course content to be confusing and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content to be confusing and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the course content to be confusing and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course content to be confusing and poorly structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was engaging and sparked my interest in technology.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was engaging and sparked my interest in technology.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was engaging and sparked my interest in technology.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course material was engaging and sparked my interest in technology.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was approachable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was approachable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was approachable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was approachable and always willing to help.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was interesting, but the instructor seemed unorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course material was interesting, but the instructor seemed unorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was interesting, but the instructor seemed unorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material was interesting, but the instructor seemed unorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the content valuable, and the instructor maintained a good pace in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the content valuable, and the instructor maintained a good pace in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the content valuable, and the instructor maintained a good pace in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the content valuable, and the instructor maintained a good pace in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be helpful to have clearer guidelines for the assignments in My Course, but the instructor is very supportive and understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
It would be helpful to have clearer guidelines for the assignments in My Course, but the instructor is very supportive and understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be helpful to have clearer guidelines for the assignments in My Course, but the instructor is very supportive and understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be helpful to have clearer guidelines for the assignments in My Course, but the instructor is very supportive and understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments are challenging yet rewarding, and they really help me improve my skills, although the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are challenging yet rewarding, and they really help me improve my skills, although the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are challenging yet rewarding, and they really help me improve my skills, although the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are challenging yet rewarding, and they really help me improve my skills, although the workload can be overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I appreciate the course content being engaging, I sometimes feel unmotivated because of the heavy homework load.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I appreciate the course content being engaging, I sometimes feel unmotivated because of the heavy homework load.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciate the course content being engaging, I sometimes feel unmotivated because of the heavy homework load.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I appreciate the course content being engaging, I sometimes feel unmotivated because of the heavy homework load.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate how our instructor is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how our instructor is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how our instructor is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how our instructor is always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is often overwhelming and could be presented more clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is often overwhelming and could be presented more clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is often overwhelming and could be presented more clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is often overwhelming and could be presented more clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines, which helps me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines, which helps me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines, which helps me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn despite the tight deadlines, which helps me manage my time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Homework due date should be next date from when it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Homework due date should be next date from when it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Homework due date should be next date from when it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Homework due date should be next date from when it is assigned.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Having one extra day to complete homework would really help students.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Having one extra day to complete homework would really help students.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Having one extra day to complete homework would really help students.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Having one extra day to complete homework would really help students.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The current homework schedule feels rushed and affects our learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The current homework schedule feels rushed and affects our learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The current homework schedule feels rushed and affects our learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The current homework schedule feels rushed and affects our learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is very helpful, but the assignments feel excessive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful, but the assignments feel excessive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very helpful, but the assignments feel excessive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful, but the assignments feel excessive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but I often struggle to manage my time effectively with the workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but I often struggle to manage my time effectively with the workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but I often struggle to manage my time effectively with the workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting topics covered, but I often struggle to manage my time effectively with the workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the course content is relevant, I feel sometimes it lacks depth and could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course content is relevant, I feel sometimes it lacks depth and could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the course content is relevant, I feel sometimes it lacks depth and could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the course content is relevant, I feel sometimes it lacks depth and could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher is very knowledgeable and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher has a good teaching style, but the assignments are often unclear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher has a good teaching style, but the assignments are often unclear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher has a good teaching style, but the assignments are often unclear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher has a good teaching style, but the assignments are often unclear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the lessons are interesting, I often feel rushed to complete the work on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the lessons are interesting, I often feel rushed to complete the work on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the lessons are interesting, I often feel rushed to complete the work on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the lessons are interesting, I often feel rushed to complete the work on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really like how [instructor] listens to [instructor] students and is adaptableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although [instructor] is flexible, the course content was not very engagingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although [instructor] is flexible, the course content was not very engagingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although [instructor] is flexible, the course content was not very engagingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although [instructor] is flexible, the course content was not very engagingThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate [instructor]'s ability to manage time well, but sometimes I feel [instructor] doesn't connect with studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I appreciate [instructor]'s ability to manage time well, but sometimes I feel [instructor] doesn't connect with studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate [instructor]'s ability to manage time well, but sometimes I feel [instructor] doesn't connect with studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate [instructor]'s ability to manage time well, but sometimes I feel [instructor] doesn't connect with studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor made the quiz schedule very clear for us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the quiz schedule very clear for us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor made the quiz schedule very clear for us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made the quiz schedule very clear for us.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I felt the quiz content was too difficult and not well explained in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt the quiz content was too difficult and not well explained in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt the quiz content was too difficult and not well explained in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt the quiz content was too difficult and not well explained in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The quizzes are not stressful since they effectively reflect the course content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The quizzes are not stressful since they effectively reflect the course content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The quizzes are not stressful since they effectively reflect the course content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The quizzes are not stressful since they effectively reflect the course content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe our instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject matter, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe our instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject matter, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I believe our instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject matter, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe our instructor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject matter, which makes learning enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the teacher sometimes overlooks important details, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the teacher sometimes overlooks important details, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the teacher sometimes overlooks important details, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course content is interesting, I feel that the teacher sometimes overlooks important details, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The use of multimedia tools like a projector definitely enhances our understanding of the content, but the class sometimes feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The use of multimedia tools like a projector definitely enhances our understanding of the content, but the class sometimes feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The use of multimedia tools like a projector definitely enhances our understanding of the content, but the class sometimes feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The use of multimedia tools like a projector definitely enhances our understanding of the content, but the class sometimes feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher explains the material very clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the course topics interesting, but sometimes I feel lost.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course topics interesting, but sometimes I feel lost.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course topics interesting, but sometimes I feel lost.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the course topics interesting, but sometimes I feel lost.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the pace.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher provides clear explanations and is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher provides clear explanations and is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher provides clear explanations and is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher provides clear explanations and is very approachable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the instructor knows the material well, the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the instructor knows the material well, the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the instructor knows the material well, the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the instructor knows the material well, the classes often run over time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lessons are interesting, but the teacher sometimes seems unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lessons are interesting, but the teacher sometimes seems unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lessons are interesting, but the teacher sometimes seems unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lessons are interesting, but the teacher sometimes seems unmotivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and made the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content to be irrelevant and not useful for my future career.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content to be irrelevant and not useful for my future career.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content to be irrelevant and not useful for my future career.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the content to be irrelevant and not useful for my future career.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The motivation provided by the instructor was commendable, but the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The motivation provided by the instructor was commendable, but the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The motivation provided by the instructor was commendable, but the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The motivation provided by the instructor was commendable, but the course material felt outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations, which really helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations, which really helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provides clear explanations, which really helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear explanations, which really helps us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel that the content quality could be improved because some topics are confusing and not explained well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I feel that the content quality could be improved because some topics are confusing and not explained well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel that the content quality could be improved because some topics are confusing and not explained well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel that the content quality could be improved because some topics are confusing and not explained well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I do struggle with the grading system, I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to be engaged in our learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I do struggle with the grading system, I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to be engaged in our learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While I do struggle with the grading system, I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to be engaged in our learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I do struggle with the grading system, I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to be engaged in our learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how responsive the instructors are when I need help with assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how responsive the instructors are when I need help with assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how responsive the instructors are when I need help with assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how responsive the instructors are when I need help with assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content feels overwhelming and hard to follow, leading to my frustration.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content feels overwhelming and hard to follow, leading to my frustration.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content feels overwhelming and hard to follow, leading to my frustration.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content feels overwhelming and hard to follow, leading to my frustration.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the organization strategies discussed in class very helpful for balancing my studies.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the organization strategies discussed in class very helpful for balancing my studies.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the organization strategies discussed in class very helpful for balancing my studies.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the organization strategies discussed in class very helpful for balancing my studies.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and keeps students interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and keeps students interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very engaging and keeps students interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and keeps students interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is well-structured but often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is well-structured but often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course material is well-structured but often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is well-structured but often feels outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the classes start on time, but I wish there was more encouragement to participate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate that the classes start on time, but I wish there was more encouragement to participate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the classes start on time, but I wish there was more encouragement to participate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate that the classes start on time, but I wish there was more encouragement to participate.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
There should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
There should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
There should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
There should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into explaining the material, but I feel there should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into explaining the material, but I feel there should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into explaining the material, but I feel there should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into explaining the material, but I feel there should be more hours studying this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content is good, but there is a need for better organization in preparing us for exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is good, but there is a need for better organization in preparing us for exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is good, but there is a need for better organization in preparing us for exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content is good, but there is a need for better organization in preparing us for exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content often felt disorganized and confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course content often felt disorganized and confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content often felt disorganized and confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content often felt disorganized and confusing, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciated the clear lectures, which made the complex material easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the clear lectures, which made the complex material easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the clear lectures, which made the complex material easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated the clear lectures, which made the complex material easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I believe the instructor is very engaging and keeps the students motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I believe the instructor is very engaging and keeps the students motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I believe the instructor is very engaging and keeps the students motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe the instructor is very engaging and keeps the students motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many students feel that the course content is too complicated and the instructor should simplify it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Many students feel that the course content is too complicated and the instructor should simplify it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many students feel that the course content is too complicated and the instructor should simplify it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many students feel that the course content is too complicated and the instructor should simplify it.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher manages class time well, but sometimes it feels like we rush through topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher manages class time well, but sometimes it feels like we rush through topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher manages class time well, but sometimes it feels like we rush through topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher manages class time well, but sometimes it feels like we rush through topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate how you always take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how you always take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how you always take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how you always take the time to explain complex topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes, the lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes, the lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes, the lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes, the lectures feel rushed, and I struggle to keep up with the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course content very interesting, but I wish there was more feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course content very interesting, but I wish there was more feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course content very interesting, but I wish there was more feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course content very interesting, but I wish there was more feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor always makes time for extra help, which I appreciate.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always makes time for extra help, which I appreciate.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor always makes time for extra help, which I appreciate.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always makes time for extra help, which I appreciate.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
While the feedback is thorough, I feel that the content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the feedback is thorough, I feel that the content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the feedback is thorough, I feel that the content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the feedback is thorough, I feel that the content could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teachers are sometimes late to class, but their lessons are still valuable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The teachers are sometimes late to class, but their lessons are still valuable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teachers are sometimes late to class, but their lessons are still valuable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teachers are sometimes late to class, but their lessons are still valuable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Aj. explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Aj. explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Aj. explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Aj. explained the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt lost in some classes, even if Aj. was friendly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I felt lost in some classes, even if Aj. was friendly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt lost in some classes, even if Aj. was friendly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt lost in some classes, even if Aj. was friendly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was okay, but I wish Aj. was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was okay, but I wish Aj. was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The content was okay, but I wish Aj. was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content was okay, but I wish Aj. was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains the concepts clearly, which helps me understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of material we cover each week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of material we cover each week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of material we cover each week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of material we cover each week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course is challenging, but it motivates me to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course is challenging, but it motivates me to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course is challenging, but it motivates me to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course is challenging, but it motivates me to improve my skills.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the instructor's approach to teaching engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor's approach to teaching engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the instructor's approach to teaching engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the instructor's approach to teaching engaging and helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was a bit confusing and did not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was a bit confusing and did not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was a bit confusing and did not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was a bit confusing and did not meet my expectations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the organization skills taught in this course; they are quite useful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the organization skills taught in this course; they are quite useful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the organization skills taught in this course; they are quite useful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the organization skills taught in this course; they are quite useful.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor made the classes interactive and engaging, which helped me grasp the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor made the classes interactive and engaging, which helped me grasp the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor made the classes interactive and engaging, which helped me grasp the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor made the classes interactive and engaging, which helped me grasp the concepts better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials felt outdated and did not match today's technology needs, making it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials felt outdated and did not match today's technology needs, making it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course materials felt outdated and did not match today's technology needs, making it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course materials felt outdated and did not match today's technology needs, making it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provided a good amount of time for questions, allowing us to clarify difficult topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provided a good amount of time for questions, allowing us to clarify difficult topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provided a good amount of time for questions, allowing us to clarify difficult topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provided a good amount of time for questions, allowing us to clarify difficult topics effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to follow along despite the fast pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to follow along despite the fast pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to follow along despite the fast pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained the concepts clearly, making it easier to follow along despite the fast pace of the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the interactive content which kept me engaged, although the slides could use more examples for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the interactive content which kept me engaged, although the slides could use more examples for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the interactive content which kept me engaged, although the slides could use more examples for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciated the interactive content which kept me engaged, although the slides could use more examples for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The homework assignments were helpful, but I think the instructor should slow down during the lectures to ensure everyone keeps up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The homework assignments were helpful, but I think the instructor should slow down during the lectures to ensure everyone keeps up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The homework assignments were helpful, but I think the instructor should slow down during the lectures to ensure everyone keeps up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The homework assignments were helpful, but I think the instructor should slow down during the lectures to ensure everyone keeps up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really appreciate how engaging the teacher is during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how engaging the teacher is during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really appreciate how engaging the teacher is during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how engaging the teacher is during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher would keep us on schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher would keep us on schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher would keep us on schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish the teacher would keep us on schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher often rushes through important topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher often rushes through important topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher often rushes through important topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher often rushes through important topics, making it hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides clear guidance and is always available for help, making the course more manageable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear guidance and is always available for help, making the course more manageable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor provides clear guidance and is always available for help, making the course more manageable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear guidance and is always available for help, making the course more manageable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the practical content of the assignments, as it helps me apply what I've learned, but I still feel overwhelmed by the amount of work required.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the practical content of the assignments, as it helps me apply what I've learned, but I still feel overwhelmed by the amount of work required.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the practical content of the assignments, as it helps me apply what I've learned, but I still feel overwhelmed by the amount of work required.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the practical content of the assignments, as it helps me apply what I've learned, but I still feel overwhelmed by the amount of work required.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the projects sometimes feel excessive, the feedback from the instructor is constructive and helps me improve.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the projects sometimes feel excessive, the feedback from the instructor is constructive and helps me improve.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the projects sometimes feel excessive, the feedback from the instructor is constructive and helps me improve.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the projects sometimes feel excessive, the feedback from the instructor is constructive and helps me improve.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very patient and always ready to help students during office hours.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very patient and always ready to help students during office hours.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very patient and always ready to help students during office hours.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was very patient and always ready to help students during office hours.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is often confusing, making it hard to grasp the main ideas.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is often confusing, making it hard to grasp the main ideas.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is often confusing, making it hard to grasp the main ideas.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is often confusing, making it hard to grasp the main ideas.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Students appreciate the effort the teacher puts into making the class interactive, but more clarity is needed in lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Students appreciate the effort the teacher puts into making the class interactive, but more clarity is needed in lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is mixed .
Students appreciate the effort the teacher puts into making the class interactive, but more clarity is needed in lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Students appreciate the effort the teacher puts into making the class interactive, but more clarity is needed in lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
He is very approachable and genuinely cares about his students, but his teaching style fails to engage us and often leaves us confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is very approachable and genuinely cares about his students, but his teaching style fails to engage us and often leaves us confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is very approachable and genuinely cares about his students, but his teaching style fails to engage us and often leaves us confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
He is very approachable and genuinely cares about his students, but his teaching style fails to engage us and often leaves us confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While he provides valuable insights and has a wealth of knowledge, his lectures are often disorganized and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While he provides valuable insights and has a wealth of knowledge, his lectures are often disorganized and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While he provides valuable insights and has a wealth of knowledge, his lectures are often disorganized and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While he provides valuable insights and has a wealth of knowledge, his lectures are often disorganized and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He is respectful and encourages student interaction, yet the course material lacks depth and he doesn't always stick to the schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
He is respectful and encourages student interaction, yet the course material lacks depth and he doesn't always stick to the schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
He is respectful and encourages student interaction, yet the course material lacks depth and he doesn't always stick to the schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
He is respectful and encourages student interaction, yet the course material lacks depth and he doesn't always stick to the schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I hope the teacher can explain the concepts more clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I hope the teacher can explain the concepts more clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I hope the teacher can explain the concepts more clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I hope the teacher can explain the concepts more clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is great and really knows the subject well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is great and really knows the subject well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher is great and really knows the subject well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher is great and really knows the subject well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures sometimes feel too rushed, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lectures sometimes feel too rushed, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lectures sometimes feel too rushed, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lectures sometimes feel too rushed, which can be frustrating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate that [instructor] tries to provide detailed explanations during online meetings, which sometimes helps clarify complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that [instructor] tries to provide detailed explanations during online meetings, which sometimes helps clarify complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that [instructor] tries to provide detailed explanations during online meetings, which sometimes helps clarify complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate that [instructor] tries to provide detailed explanations during online meetings, which sometimes helps clarify complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although [instructor] tends to repeat information, it's clear that there is a dedication to ensuring we understand the material presented.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although [instructor] tends to repeat information, it's clear that there is a dedication to ensuring we understand the material presented.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although [instructor] tends to repeat information, it's clear that there is a dedication to ensuring we understand the material presented.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although [instructor] tends to repeat information, it's clear that there is a dedication to ensuring we understand the material presented.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many students feel frustrated with the lack of engagement in [instructor]’s classes, as we often find ourselves zoning out during the presentations.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Many students feel frustrated with the lack of engagement in [instructor]’s classes, as we often find ourselves zoning out during the presentations.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many students feel frustrated with the lack of engagement in [instructor]’s classes, as we often find ourselves zoning out during the presentations.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many students feel frustrated with the lack of engagement in [instructor]’s classes, as we often find ourselves zoning out during the presentations.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is very supportive and provides detailed feedback on the assignments we submit.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is very supportive and provides detailed feedback on the assignments we submit.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The teacher is very supportive and provides detailed feedback on the assignments we submit.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher is very supportive and provides detailed feedback on the assignments we submit.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the weekly assignments help me manage my time better, I wish there was more guidance on what is expected.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the weekly assignments help me manage my time better, I wish there was more guidance on what is expected.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the weekly assignments help me manage my time better, I wish there was more guidance on what is expected.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the weekly assignments help me manage my time better, I wish there was more guidance on what is expected.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The deadlines for assignments are okay, but I feel unmotivated since I never receive any feedback on my work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The deadlines for assignments are okay, but I feel unmotivated since I never receive any feedback on my work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The deadlines for assignments are okay, but I feel unmotivated since I never receive any feedback on my work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The deadlines for assignments are okay, but I feel unmotivated since I never receive any feedback on my work.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course materials.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course materials.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course materials.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in guiding us through the course materials.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the content quality lacking and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality lacking and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find the content quality lacking and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the content quality lacking and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if the organization in the course could be improved to allow more learning flexibility.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
It would be great if the organization in the course could be improved to allow more learning flexibility.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if the organization in the course could be improved to allow more learning flexibility.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be great if the organization in the course could be improved to allow more learning flexibility.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's guidance on the project was really helpful, but it would be nice if they gave us more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's guidance on the project was really helpful, but it would be nice if they gave us more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor's guidance on the project was really helpful, but it would be nice if they gave us more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor's guidance on the project was really helpful, but it would be nice if they gave us more time to prepare.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I often feel lost and unmotivated during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I often feel lost and unmotivated during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I often feel lost and unmotivated during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the content covered in class, but I often feel lost and unmotivated during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments given during the final exam seemed unfair, as we need more clarity on what is expected of us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The assignments given during the final exam seemed unfair, as we need more clarity on what is expected of us.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments given during the final exam seemed unfair, as we need more clarity on what is expected of us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The assignments given during the final exam seemed unfair, as we need more clarity on what is expected of us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is very engaging and helps students learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and helps students learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and helps students learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very engaging and helps students learn effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is relevant, the instructor often goes off-topic and loses focus.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content is relevant, the instructor often goes off-topic and loses focus.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is relevant, the instructor often goes off-topic and loses focus.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is relevant, the instructor often goes off-topic and loses focus.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials are decent, but I wish the instructor was more available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The course materials are decent, but I wish the instructor was more available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The course materials are decent, but I wish the instructor was more available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are decent, but I wish the instructor was more available to answer questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The examination was well-structured and helped us understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The examination was well-structured and helped us understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The examination was well-structured and helped us understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The examination was well-structured and helped us understand the content better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt the exam was confusing and did not reflect the material we learned in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt the exam was confusing and did not reflect the material we learned in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt the exam was confusing and did not reflect the material we learned in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt the exam was confusing and did not reflect the material we learned in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The exam was challenging, but the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The exam was challenging, but the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The exam was challenging, but the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The exam was challenging, but the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the instructor very helpful, but sometimes the content quality was a bit confusing for beginners.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the instructor very helpful, but sometimes the content quality was a bit confusing for beginners.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the instructor very helpful, but sometimes the content quality was a bit confusing for beginners.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the instructor very helpful, but sometimes the content quality was a bit confusing for beginners.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course has great content that inspires us, yet I feel the organization could be improved to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course has great content that inspires us, yet I feel the organization could be improved to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course has great content that inspires us, yet I feel the organization could be improved to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course has great content that inspires us, yet I feel the organization could be improved to cover all topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the instructor is approachable, I think the coding examples could be more relevant to keep us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the instructor is approachable, I think the coding examples could be more relevant to keep us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the instructor is approachable, I think the coding examples could be more relevant to keep us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the instructor is approachable, I think the coding examples could be more relevant to keep us motivated throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how engaging the teacher's lessons are.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how engaging the teacher's lessons are.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how engaging the teacher's lessons are.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how engaging the teacher's lessons are.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the teacher speaks clearly, I find the course content a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While the teacher speaks clearly, I find the course content a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the teacher speaks clearly, I find the course content a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the teacher speaks clearly, I find the course content a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The classes are okay, but I wish the teacher could help us more.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The classes are okay, but I wish the teacher could help us more.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The classes are okay, but I wish the teacher could help us more.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The classes are okay, but I wish the teacher could help us more.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provides helpful materials that make the lab sessions more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides helpful materials that make the lab sessions more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provides helpful materials that make the lab sessions more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor provides helpful materials that make the lab sessions more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the lab setup is decent, the instructor often runs out of time, leaving students confused.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the lab setup is decent, the instructor often runs out of time, leaving students confused.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Although the lab setup is decent, the instructor often runs out of time, leaving students confused.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the lab setup is decent, the instructor often runs out of time, leaving students confused.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The materials provided by the instructor are okay, but I feel more motivation could be encouraged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The materials provided by the instructor are okay, but I feel more motivation could be encouraged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The materials provided by the instructor are okay, but I feel more motivation could be encouraged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The materials provided by the instructor are okay, but I feel more motivation could be encouraged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is friendly and approachable, making the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is friendly and approachable, making the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is friendly and approachable, making the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is friendly and approachable, making the class enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the content is interesting, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the content is interesting, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the content is interesting, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the content is interesting, I often feel lost during the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor's voice is sometimes hard to hear, but the course material is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor's voice is sometimes hard to hear, but the course material is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor's voice is sometimes hard to hear, but the course material is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor's voice is sometimes hard to hear, but the course material is well-structured.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor sometimes failed to provide clear information on the chapters we were covering during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor sometimes failed to provide clear information on the chapters we were covering during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor sometimes failed to provide clear information on the chapters we were covering during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor sometimes failed to provide clear information on the chapters we were covering during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the teacher's writing was disorganized, he showed great enthusiasm for the subject which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although the teacher's writing was disorganized, he showed great enthusiasm for the subject which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Although the teacher's writing was disorganized, he showed great enthusiasm for the subject which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the teacher's writing was disorganized, he showed great enthusiasm for the subject which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures could use more structure, but I appreciate that the teacher makes an effort to connect with us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures could use more structure, but I appreciate that the teacher makes an effort to connect with us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lectures could use more structure, but I appreciate that the teacher makes an effort to connect with us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lectures could use more structure, but I appreciate that the teacher makes an effort to connect with us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher uses videos to enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher uses videos to enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher uses videos to enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher uses videos to enhance our learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was hard to follow, and I really struggled without extra resources.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content was hard to follow, and I really struggled without extra resources.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was hard to follow, and I really struggled without extra resources.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was hard to follow, and I really struggled without extra resources.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Having access to previous lectures would help me stay organized and better manage my study time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Having access to previous lectures would help me stay organized and better manage my study time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Having access to previous lectures would help me stay organized and better manage my study time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Having access to previous lectures would help me stay organized and better manage my study time.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's efforts in providing extra resources for us to learn.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's efforts in providing extra resources for us to learn.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's efforts in providing extra resources for us to learn.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's efforts in providing extra resources for us to learn.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher's explanations are often unclear, making it hard to follow the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teacher's explanations are often unclear, making it hard to follow the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher's explanations are often unclear, making it hard to follow the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The teacher's explanations are often unclear, making it hard to follow the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Having additional videos would help clarify our doubts and motivate us to study harder.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Having additional videos would help clarify our doubts and motivate us to study harder.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Having additional videos would help clarify our doubts and motivate us to study harder.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Having additional videos would help clarify our doubts and motivate us to study harder.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
It would be great if the instructors could share more real-life examples in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
It would be great if the instructors could share more real-life examples in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
It would be great if the instructors could share more real-life examples in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
It would be great if the instructors could share more real-life examples in the lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some classmates feel that the content is too rushed and we can't grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some classmates feel that the content is too rushed and we can't grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some classmates feel that the content is too rushed and we can't grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Some classmates feel that the content is too rushed and we can't grasp the material well.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I've noticed that the course content is well-organized, which helps us stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I've noticed that the course content is well-organized, which helps us stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I've noticed that the course content is well-organized, which helps us stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I've noticed that the course content is well-organized, which helps us stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Professor provides clear guidelines for homework submissions, which helps students understand expectations better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Professor provides clear guidelines for homework submissions, which helps students understand expectations better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Professor provides clear guidelines for homework submissions, which helps students understand expectations better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Professor provides clear guidelines for homework submissions, which helps students understand expectations better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I appreciate the effort that goes into creating assignments, the workload can feel overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I appreciate the effort that goes into creating assignments, the workload can feel overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I appreciate the effort that goes into creating assignments, the workload can feel overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I appreciate the effort that goes into creating assignments, the workload can feel overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, and I find myself motivated to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, and I find myself motivated to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, and I find myself motivated to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content is interesting, and I find myself motivated to learn more about the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciated the way [instructor] explained difficult concepts, which made it easy to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the way [instructor] explained difficult concepts, which made it easy to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the way [instructor] explained difficult concepts, which made it easy to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated the way [instructor] explained difficult concepts, which made it easy to understand the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the content was interesting, I didn't find [instructor]'s teaching style very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the content was interesting, I didn't find [instructor]'s teaching style very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the content was interesting, I didn't find [instructor]'s teaching style very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Although the content was interesting, I didn't find [instructor]'s teaching style very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The class was well organized, but I wish we had more time for discussions about the subject.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The class was well organized, but I wish we had more time for discussions about the subject.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The class was well organized, but I wish we had more time for discussions about the subject.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The class was well organized, but I wish we had more time for discussions about the subject.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the class content to be very useful and relevant.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the class content to be very useful and relevant.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the class content to be very useful and relevant.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the class content to be very useful and relevant.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher explains things well, but I feel overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher explains things well, but I feel overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The teacher explains things well, but I feel overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher explains things well, but I feel overwhelmed by the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teacher is nice, and I try hard to keep up, but sometimes it’s hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher is nice, and I try hard to keep up, but sometimes it’s hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher is nice, and I try hard to keep up, but sometimes it’s hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The teacher is nice, and I try hard to keep up, but sometimes it’s hard to stay engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and clarified my doubts effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and clarified my doubts effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very helpful and clarified my doubts effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and clarified my doubts effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting projects we worked on, but I often felt lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I appreciate the interesting projects we worked on, but I often felt lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the interesting projects we worked on, but I often felt lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the interesting projects we worked on, but I often felt lost during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The teaching style was a bit confusing, but I managed to stay motivated by studying with friends.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The teaching style was a bit confusing, but I managed to stay motivated by studying with friends.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teaching style was a bit confusing, but I managed to stay motivated by studying with friends.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teaching style was a bit confusing, but I managed to stay motivated by studying with friends.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor provides clear examples that help us understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides clear examples that help us understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor provides clear examples that help us understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides clear examples that help us understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content is engaging, sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the content is engaging, sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content is engaging, sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the content is engaging, sometimes the class feels rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to make the material relatable, but the lectures can be a bit dull sometimes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to make the material relatable, but the lectures can be a bit dull sometimes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to make the material relatable, but the lectures can be a bit dull sometimes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor tries to make the material relatable, but the lectures can be a bit dull sometimes.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The extra class helped clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The extra class helped clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The extra class helped clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The extra class helped clarify difficult topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor should have planned the extra classes better to accommodate everyone’s schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor should have planned the extra classes better to accommodate everyone’s schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor should have planned the extra classes better to accommodate everyone’s schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor should have planned the extra classes better to accommodate everyone’s schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the extra class, but I wish it was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the extra class, but I wish it was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the extra class, but I wish it was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the extra class, but I wish it was more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Continue with this teaching methodThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor explained the topics clearly, but there was too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explained the topics clearly, but there was too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor explained the topics clearly, but there was too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explained the topics clearly, but there was too much unnecessary work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I felt overwhelmed by the unnecessary work, the course content was relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I felt overwhelmed by the unnecessary work, the course content was relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I felt overwhelmed by the unnecessary work, the course content was relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I felt overwhelmed by the unnecessary work, the course content was relevant and interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, but the workload feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, but the workload feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, but the workload feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts into the course, but the workload feels excessive at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was always available to help with any issues related to the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was always available to help with any issues related to the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was always available to help with any issues related to the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was always available to help with any issues related to the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the content quality to be lacking and often outdated, which impacted my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content quality to be lacking and often outdated, which impacted my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I found the content quality to be lacking and often outdated, which impacted my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the content quality to be lacking and often outdated, which impacted my learning experience.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but sometimes the pace felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but sometimes the pace felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course was well-structured, but sometimes the pace felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course was well-structured, but sometimes the pace felt rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
[instructor] sometimes lacks politeness but has interesting teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
[instructor] sometimes lacks politeness but has interesting teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[instructor] sometimes lacks politeness but has interesting teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] sometimes lacks politeness but has interesting teaching methods.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content of the course is very engaging, making up for the instructor's shortcomings.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content of the course is very engaging, making up for the instructor's shortcomings.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is very engaging, making up for the instructor's shortcomings.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The content of the course is very engaging, making up for the instructor's shortcomings.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] is mostly neutral in their approach, which keeps the class casual.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
[instructor] is mostly neutral in their approach, which keeps the class casual.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
[instructor] is mostly neutral in their approach, which keeps the class casual.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
[instructor] is mostly neutral in their approach, which keeps the class casual.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very clear in explanations, making the complex formulas easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very clear in explanations, making the complex formulas easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very clear in explanations, making the complex formulas easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very clear in explanations, making the complex formulas easier to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the slides are crowded with information, I appreciate how they cover all necessary topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the slides are crowded with information, I appreciate how they cover all necessary topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the slides are crowded with information, I appreciate how they cover all necessary topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the slides are crowded with information, I appreciate how they cover all necessary topics thoroughly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find it hard to stay motivated during lectures because of the overwhelming amount of diagrams presented.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I find it hard to stay motivated during lectures because of the overwhelming amount of diagrams presented.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I find it hard to stay motivated during lectures because of the overwhelming amount of diagrams presented.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find it hard to stay motivated during lectures because of the overwhelming amount of diagrams presented.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and provided clear guidance, which made it easier to complete the assignment on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful and provided clear guidance, which made it easier to complete the assignment on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and provided clear guidance, which made it easier to complete the assignment on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and provided clear guidance, which made it easier to complete the assignment on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the course content engaging and relevant, but the short deadline for assignments makes it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course content engaging and relevant, but the short deadline for assignments makes it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the course content engaging and relevant, but the short deadline for assignments makes it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the course content engaging and relevant, but the short deadline for assignments makes it hard to manage my time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the assignments are challenging, they do motivate me to improve my skills in this area, even if the deadlines feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the assignments are challenging, they do motivate me to improve my skills in this area, even if the deadlines feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the assignments are challenging, they do motivate me to improve my skills in this area, even if the deadlines feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the assignments are challenging, they do motivate me to improve my skills in this area, even if the deadlines feel a bit rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor uses engaging activities that really captivate our attention.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor uses engaging activities that really captivate our attention.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor uses engaging activities that really captivate our attention.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor uses engaging activities that really captivate our attention.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course materials are often outdated, which makes it hard to stay interested.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's effort to help us manage our time better during projects.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's effort to help us manage our time better during projects.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's effort to help us manage our time better during projects.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's effort to help us manage our time better during projects.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor was always approachable and made learning enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was always approachable and made learning enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor was always approachable and made learning enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor was always approachable and made learning enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course material was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the course material was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course material was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course material was interesting, the instructor often rushed through the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the content to be well-structured, but I wished for more flexibility in deadlinesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content to be well-structured, but I wished for more flexibility in deadlinesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the content to be well-structured, but I wished for more flexibility in deadlinesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I found the content to be well-structured, but I wished for more flexibility in deadlinesThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the teacher gave us advice on our projects, even though sometimes the content could be a bit hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the teacher gave us advice on our projects, even though sometimes the content could be a bit hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate how the teacher gave us advice on our projects, even though sometimes the content could be a bit hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate how the teacher gave us advice on our projects, even though sometimes the content could be a bit hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The lectures were engaging, but I wish the teacher could manage class time better, as we often ran out of time for important topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures were engaging, but I wish the teacher could manage class time better, as we often ran out of time for important topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures were engaging, but I wish the teacher could manage class time better, as we often ran out of time for important topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lectures were engaging, but I wish the teacher could manage class time better, as we often ran out of time for important topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While I find the lessons to be well-organized, I feel the teacher should have pushed us more to motivate our learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I find the lessons to be well-organized, I feel the teacher should have pushed us more to motivate our learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I find the lessons to be well-organized, I feel the teacher should have pushed us more to motivate our learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While I find the lessons to be well-organized, I feel the teacher should have pushed us more to motivate our learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in addressing students' concerns about attendance checks.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very helpful in addressing students' concerns about attendance checks.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in addressing students' concerns about attendance checks.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful in addressing students' concerns about attendance checks.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some students feel that the course content is overwhelming and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some students feel that the course content is overwhelming and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some students feel that the course content is overwhelming and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Some students feel that the course content is overwhelming and difficult to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor effectively manages class time, but there should be better options for attendance verification.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor effectively manages class time, but there should be better options for attendance verification.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor effectively manages class time, but there should be better options for attendance verification.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor effectively manages class time, but there should be better options for attendance verification.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Although your teaching style is engaging, the pace was too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although your teaching style is engaging, the pace was too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Although your teaching style is engaging, the pace was too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although your teaching style is engaging, the pace was too slow for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I found some information unclear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I found some information unclear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I found some information unclear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort you put into the lectures, but I found some information unclear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor did a great job directing us to relevant resources.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor did a great job directing us to relevant resources.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor did a great job directing us to relevant resources.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor did a great job directing us to relevant resources.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content was sometimes unclear, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content was sometimes unclear, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content was sometimes unclear, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course content was sometimes unclear, which made it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the autonomy to explore topics on my own, but it would help to have better organization guidance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the autonomy to explore topics on my own, but it would help to have better organization guidance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the autonomy to explore topics on my own, but it would help to have better organization guidance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the autonomy to explore topics on my own, but it would help to have better organization guidance.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor has improved their clarity over time, making it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has improved their clarity over time, making it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has improved their clarity over time, making it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has improved their clarity over time, making it easier to follow along.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material was interesting, but I struggled to keep up with the tight schedule.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material was interesting, but I struggled to keep up with the tight schedule.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material was interesting, but I struggled to keep up with the tight schedule.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material was interesting, but I struggled to keep up with the tight schedule.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Sometimes, the instructor's voice can be hard to hear, but the content itself is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes, the instructor's voice can be hard to hear, but the content itself is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Sometimes, the instructor's voice can be hard to hear, but the content itself is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Sometimes, the instructor's voice can be hard to hear, but the content itself is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher is always available for questions, which helps with my understanding of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher is always available for questions, which helps with my understanding of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the teacher is always available for questions, which helps with my understanding of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate that the teacher is always available for questions, which helps with my understanding of the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The slides are sometimes too crowded, making it hard to focus on important points, which affects my learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The slides are sometimes too crowded, making it hard to focus on important points, which affects my learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The slides are sometimes too crowded, making it hard to focus on important points, which affects my learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The slides are sometimes too crowded, making it hard to focus on important points, which affects my learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Overall, I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the teacher would provide more examples during the class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Overall, I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the teacher would provide more examples during the class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Overall, I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the teacher would provide more examples during the class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Overall, I feel motivated to learn, but I wish the teacher would provide more examples during the class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the teacher's explanations are very clear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think the teacher's explanations are very clear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I think the teacher's explanations are very clear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the teacher's explanations are very clear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but the pace is too fast for me.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel motivated by the teacher's enthusiasm, but sometimes I wish we had more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel motivated by the teacher's enthusiasm, but sometimes I wish we had more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel motivated by the teacher's enthusiasm, but sometimes I wish we had more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated by the teacher's enthusiasm, but sometimes I wish we had more time for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor did a great job explaining difficult concepts, which helped me understand better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor did a great job explaining difficult concepts, which helped me understand better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor did a great job explaining difficult concepts, which helped me understand better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor did a great job explaining difficult concepts, which helped me understand better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I felt that the content quality was lacking, making it hard to stay motivated during the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I felt that the content quality was lacking, making it hard to stay motivated during the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I felt that the content quality was lacking, making it hard to stay motivated during the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I felt that the content quality was lacking, making it hard to stay motivated during the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the course was well-organized, I think some extra points should be awarded fairly to everyone, not just a few.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the course was well-organized, I think some extra points should be awarded fairly to everyone, not just a few.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the course was well-organized, I think some extra points should be awarded fairly to everyone, not just a few.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While the course was well-organized, I think some extra points should be awarded fairly to everyone, not just a few.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor was approachable, but the course material felt a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was approachable, but the course material felt a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is E negative .
The instructor was approachable, but the course material felt a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was approachable, but the course material felt a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course was well-structured and the instructor provided great motivation, yet the quizzes were too time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The course was well-structured and the instructor provided great motivation, yet the quizzes were too time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course was well-structured and the instructor provided great motivation, yet the quizzes were too time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course was well-structured and the instructor provided great motivation, yet the quizzes were too time-consuming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I learned a lot, but sometimes the instructor was hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I learned a lot, but sometimes the instructor was hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I learned a lot, but sometimes the instructor was hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I learned a lot, but sometimes the instructor was hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate that the instructor explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate that the instructor explains concepts clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes, the lectures feel a bit rushed, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Sometimes, the lectures feel a bit rushed, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Sometimes, the lectures feel a bit rushed, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Sometimes, the lectures feel a bit rushed, making it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I wish there was more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish there was more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is interesting, but I wish there was more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I wish there was more time for discussions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor always encourages us to participate actively, which makes classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor always encourages us to participate actively, which makes classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor always encourages us to participate actively, which makes classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor always encourages us to participate actively, which makes classes enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Some of the content seems outdated, making it harder to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Some of the content seems outdated, making it harder to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Some of the content seems outdated, making it harder to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Some of the content seems outdated, making it harder to stay engaged during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn because the instructor explains the material clearly and on time.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel motivated to learn because the instructor explains the material clearly and on time.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel motivated to learn because the instructor explains the material clearly and on time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn because the instructor explains the material clearly and on time.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and provides clear instructions on the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and provides clear instructions on the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and provides clear instructions on the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and provides clear instructions on the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Although I feel overwhelmed with the workload, the course material is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although I feel overwhelmed with the workload, the course material is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although I feel overwhelmed with the workload, the course material is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although I feel overwhelmed with the workload, the course material is very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I wish we had more time to complete the projects, but the instructor is understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I wish we had more time to complete the projects, but the instructor is understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I wish we had more time to complete the projects, but the instructor is understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I wish we had more time to complete the projects, but the instructor is understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The teacher really engages us during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The teacher really engages us during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The teacher really engages us during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The teacher really engages us during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I often find the assignments confusing and the feedback is unclear.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I often find the assignments confusing and the feedback is unclear.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I often find the assignments confusing and the feedback is unclear.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I often find the assignments confusing and the feedback is unclear.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The class covers interesting topics, but sometimes the pace feels a bit slow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The class covers interesting topics, but sometimes the pace feels a bit slow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The class covers interesting topics, but sometimes the pace feels a bit slow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The class covers interesting topics, but sometimes the pace feels a bit slow.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor provides valuable feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor provides valuable feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor provides valuable feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor provides valuable feedback on our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the volume of work, but the projects help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the volume of work, but the projects help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I feel overwhelmed by the volume of work, but the projects help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the volume of work, but the projects help us understand the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are challenging, but they keep us engaged with the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are challenging, but they keep us engaged with the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are challenging, but they keep us engaged with the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments are challenging, but they keep us engaged with the subject matter.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I find the instructor very helpful and responsive to our questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I find the instructor very helpful and responsive to our questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I find the instructor very helpful and responsive to our questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the instructor very helpful and responsive to our questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is interesting, but I think it could be delivered more slowly for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content is interesting, but I think it could be delivered more slowly for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content is interesting, but I think it could be delivered more slowly for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is interesting, but I think it could be delivered more slowly for better understanding.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the flexibility of online studying, but I often feel rushed when completing quizzes.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the flexibility of online studying, but I often feel rushed when completing quizzes.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the flexibility of online studying, but I often feel rushed when completing quizzes.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I appreciate the flexibility of online studying, but I often feel rushed when completing quizzes.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very helpful and always answers our questions.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always answers our questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very helpful and always answers our questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very helpful and always answers our questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content quality could use more real-world examples to make it clearer.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content quality could use more real-world examples to make it clearer.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content quality could use more real-world examples to make it clearer.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content quality could use more real-world examples to make it clearer.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn, but the assignments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn, but the assignments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I feel motivated to learn, but the assignments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn, but the assignments can be confusing at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was well-organized and engaging, making it easier to manage all 40 items.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content was well-organized and engaging, making it easier to manage all 40 items.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The content was well-organized and engaging, making it easier to manage all 40 items.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was well-organized and engaging, making it easier to manage all 40 items.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the 40 items due on the same day, and the instructor was not very helpful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
I felt overwhelmed by the 40 items due on the same day, and the instructor was not very helpful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I felt overwhelmed by the 40 items due on the same day, and the instructor was not very helpful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I felt overwhelmed by the 40 items due on the same day, and the instructor was not very helpful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Completing the 40 items on the same day was manageable, thanks to the instructor's clear guidance.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Completing the 40 items on the same day was manageable, thanks to the instructor's clear guidance.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Completing the 40 items on the same day was manageable, thanks to the instructor's clear guidance.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
Completing the 40 items on the same day was manageable, thanks to the instructor's clear guidance.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor explains the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor explains the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor explains the topics clearly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes the class feels too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes the class feels too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Sometimes the class feels too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes the class feels too fast-paced, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I enjoy the interactive format of the lessons and appreciate the variety of topics we cover.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I enjoy the interactive format of the lessons and appreciate the variety of topics we cover.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I enjoy the interactive format of the lessons and appreciate the variety of topics we cover.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I enjoy the interactive format of the lessons and appreciate the variety of topics we cover.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really appreciate how the teacher engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how the teacher engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate how the teacher engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I really appreciate how the teacher engages with us during class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content was sometimes confusing, which made it harder to grasp.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content was sometimes confusing, which made it harder to grasp.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The content was sometimes confusing, which made it harder to grasp.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content was sometimes confusing, which made it harder to grasp.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn more, even if I struggle with the exercises.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I feel motivated to learn more, even if I struggle with the exercises.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I feel motivated to learn more, even if I struggle with the exercises.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I feel motivated to learn more, even if I struggle with the exercises.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and helps explain tough topics well, but the content quality can sometimes feel a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and helps explain tough topics well, but the content quality can sometimes feel a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and helps explain tough topics well, but the content quality can sometimes feel a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and helps explain tough topics well, but the content quality can sometimes feel a bit outdated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I really enjoy the course material and find it interesting; however, the midterm exam preparation could be better managed time-wise.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I really enjoy the course material and find it interesting; however, the midterm exam preparation could be better managed time-wise.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I really enjoy the course material and find it interesting; however, the midterm exam preparation could be better managed time-wise.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really enjoy the course material and find it interesting; however, the midterm exam preparation could be better managed time-wise.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lectures are engaging and keep me motivated, though I wish the exam material was easier, so I could manage my study time effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The lectures are engaging and keep me motivated, though I wish the exam material was easier, so I could manage my study time effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The lectures are engaging and keep me motivated, though I wish the exam material was easier, so I could manage my study time effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The lectures are engaging and keep me motivated, though I wish the exam material was easier, so I could manage my study time effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads can be quite challenging in this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Many workloads can be quite challenging in this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many workloads can be quite challenging in this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many workloads can be quite challenging in this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Many workloads provide a great opportunity to learn and grow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloads provide a great opportunity to learn and grow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many workloads provide a great opportunity to learn and grow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Many workloads provide a great opportunity to learn and grow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many workloads feel overwhelming at times, but the instructor is supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many workloads feel overwhelming at times, but the instructor is supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Many workloads feel overwhelming at times, but the instructor is supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many workloads feel overwhelming at times, but the instructor is supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and answers questions well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and answers questions well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and answers questions well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable and answers questions well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I find the slides hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is interesting, but I find the slides hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The course content is interesting, but I find the slides hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The course content is interesting, but I find the slides hard to follow.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts in, but the amount of complex material is too much for me to grasp quickly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts in, but the amount of complex material is too much for me to grasp quickly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts in, but the amount of complex material is too much for me to grasp quickly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort the instructor puts in, but the amount of complex material is too much for me to grasp quickly.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor is very approachable and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very approachable and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very approachable and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very approachable and provides helpful feedback on assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the content of the course to be very engaging and useful for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content of the course to be very engaging and useful for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the content of the course to be very engaging and useful for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I find the content of the course to be very engaging and useful for real-world applications.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Managing the workload has been a struggle, and the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming rather than motivating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Managing the workload has been a struggle, and the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming rather than motivating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Managing the workload has been a struggle, and the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming rather than motivating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Managing the workload has been a struggle, and the assignments sometimes feel overwhelming rather than motivating.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The assignments are overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignments are overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments are overwhelming, but the instructor is very supportive.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the homework excessive for an elective course, yet the content is engaging and useful.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the homework excessive for an elective course, yet the content is engaging and useful.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the homework excessive for an elective course, yet the content is engaging and useful.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I find the homework excessive for an elective course, yet the content is engaging and useful.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While there is a lot of homework, it does help with my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While there is a lot of homework, it does help with my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While there is a lot of homework, it does help with my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While there is a lot of homework, it does help with my understanding of the material.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think we can get into new technologies faster. The instructor was very supportive and motivated us well throughout the course. It's just unfortunate that we only get to learn modern coding techniques during the last week.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into new technologies faster. The instructor was very supportive and motivated us well throughout the course. It's just unfortunate that we only get to learn modern coding techniques during the last week.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into new technologies faster. The instructor was very supportive and motivated us well throughout the course. It's just unfortunate that we only get to learn modern coding techniques during the last week.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think we can get into new technologies faster. The instructor was very supportive and motivated us well throughout the course. It's just unfortunate that we only get to learn modern coding techniques during the last week.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe we could have explored practical applications sooner. The content quality was excellent, and it really kept me engaged. However, I found myself wishing we had more time to cover everything properly.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I believe we could have explored practical applications sooner. The content quality was excellent, and it really kept me engaged. However, I found myself wishing we had more time to cover everything properly.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I believe we could have explored practical applications sooner. The content quality was excellent, and it really kept me engaged. However, I found myself wishing we had more time to cover everything properly.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I believe we could have explored practical applications sooner. The content quality was excellent, and it really kept me engaged. However, I found myself wishing we had more time to cover everything properly.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The instructor shared valuable insights, which kept me motivated. On the downside, I feel we rushed through modern software development only at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The instructor shared valuable insights, which kept me motivated. On the downside, I feel we rushed through modern software development only at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The instructor shared valuable insights, which kept me motivated. On the downside, I feel we rushed through modern software development only at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I think we can get into advanced topics faster. The instructor shared valuable insights, which kept me motivated. On the downside, I feel we rushed through modern software development only at the end of the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
He's a good teacher.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While he's a good teacher, I often find his lectures unorganized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While he's a good teacher, I often find his lectures unorganized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While he's a good teacher, I often find his lectures unorganized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While he's a good teacher, I often find his lectures unorganized.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort he puts in, but sometimes the material is hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the effort he puts in, but sometimes the material is hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the effort he puts in, but sometimes the material is hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the effort he puts in, but sometimes the material is hard to understand.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor was very understanding about the overlap with other exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was very understanding about the overlap with other exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was very understanding about the overlap with other exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very understanding about the overlap with other exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the course content to be engaging, but the deadlines were too tight.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the course content to be engaging, but the deadlines were too tight.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the course content to be engaging, but the deadlines were too tight.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I found the course content to be engaging, but the deadlines were too tight.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Although I struggled with managing my time, the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Although I struggled with managing my time, the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Although I struggled with managing my time, the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although I struggled with managing my time, the instructor provided helpful resources.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I really appreciate how engaged the instructors are during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I really appreciate how engaged the instructors are during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I really appreciate how engaged the instructors are during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I really appreciate how engaged the instructors are during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is well-structured, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is well-structured, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is well-structured, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The course material is well-structured, but I sometimes feel overwhelmed by the workload.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I believe that with more time, we could delve deeper into the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I believe that with more time, we could delve deeper into the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I believe that with more time, we could delve deeper into the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I believe that with more time, we could delve deeper into the topics covered.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was available and supportive throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor was available and supportive throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor was available and supportive throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was available and supportive throughout the course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the content interesting and well-structured, which kept me engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content interesting and well-structured, which kept me engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the content interesting and well-structured, which kept me engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the content interesting and well-structured, which kept me engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Although the homework deadlines were challenging, I learned a lot from this course.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Although the homework deadlines were challenging, I learned a lot from this course.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the homework deadlines were challenging, I learned a lot from this course.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Although the homework deadlines were challenging, I learned a lot from this course.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor is very supportive and makes the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and makes the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor is very supportive and makes the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor is very supportive and makes the subject interesting.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the content quality to be quite high, but I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the content quality to be quite high, but I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the content quality to be quite high, but I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the content quality to be quite high, but I feel overwhelmed by the number of assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are challenging, but they do help in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are challenging, but they do help in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are challenging, but they do help in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The assignments are challenging, but they do help in understanding the material better.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor's feedback is helpful, making it easier to understand complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor's feedback is helpful, making it easier to understand complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor's feedback is helpful, making it easier to understand complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor's feedback is helpful, making it easier to understand complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While the content quality is good, I wish the instructor would encourage more class participation.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
While the content quality is good, I wish the instructor would encourage more class participation.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While the content quality is good, I wish the instructor would encourage more class participation.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While the content quality is good, I wish the instructor would encourage more class participation.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor covers the syllabus well, but sometimes it feels rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The instructor covers the syllabus well, but sometimes it feels rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor covers the syllabus well, but sometimes it feels rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor covers the syllabus well, but sometimes it feels rushed and overwhelming.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Ajarn communicated clearly about the project requirements, which helped us understand what to do.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn communicated clearly about the project requirements, which helped us understand what to do.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn communicated clearly about the project requirements, which helped us understand what to do.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Ajarn communicated clearly about the project requirements, which helped us understand what to do.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The project's late release made me feel overwhelmed, but I learned a lot from working on it.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The project's late release made me feel overwhelmed, but I learned a lot from working on it.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The project's late release made me feel overwhelmed, but I learned a lot from working on it.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The project's late release made me feel overwhelmed, but I learned a lot from working on it.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the course, but the timing could be improved for better planning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the course, but the timing could be improved for better planning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the course, but the timing could be improved for better planning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the effort Ajarn puts into the course, but the timing could be improved for better planning.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available to help students, which makes the class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available to help students, which makes the class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available to help students, which makes the class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor is always available to help students, which makes the class more enjoyable.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The assignments are interesting and cover relevant topics, but I often feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of work.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments are interesting and cover relevant topics, but I often feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of work.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The assignments are interesting and cover relevant topics, but I often feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of work.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The assignments are interesting and cover relevant topics, but I often feel overwhelmed by the sheer volume of work.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I find the course material quite engaging, although it sometimes feels rushed with tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I find the course material quite engaging, although it sometimes feels rushed with tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I find the course material quite engaging, although it sometimes feels rushed with tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I find the course material quite engaging, although it sometimes feels rushed with tight deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
A lot of homework can help reinforce the concepts learned in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
A lot of homework can help reinforce the concepts learned in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
A lot of homework can help reinforce the concepts learned in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
A lot of homework can help reinforce the concepts learned in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The heavy workload makes it hard to stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The heavy workload makes it hard to stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The heavy workload makes it hard to stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The heavy workload makes it hard to stay motivated throughout the semester.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While there is a lot of homework, it provides valuable practice for the exams.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While there is a lot of homework, it provides valuable practice for the exams.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While there is a lot of homework, it provides valuable practice for the exams.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While there is a lot of homework, it provides valuable practice for the exams.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged and motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged and motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged and motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I appreciate the variety of assignments in [System], as they keep me engaged and motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The assignments in [System] feel overwhelming and take too much time to complete effectively.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The assignments in [System] feel overwhelming and take too much time to complete effectively.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The assignments in [System] feel overwhelming and take too much time to complete effectively.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The assignments in [System] feel overwhelming and take too much time to complete effectively.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Having assignments in [System] is fine, but I wish the instructor provided more clarity on the content.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Having assignments in [System] is fine, but I wish the instructor provided more clarity on the content.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Having assignments in [System] is fine, but I wish the instructor provided more clarity on the content.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Having assignments in [System] is fine, but I wish the instructor provided more clarity on the content.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
[instructor] is knowledgeable about the subject and engages the students well.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
[instructor] is knowledgeable about the subject and engages the students well.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
[instructor] is knowledgeable about the subject and engages the students well.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
[instructor] is knowledgeable about the subject and engages the students well.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many students find it hard to stay motivated during [instructor]'s lectures since the teaching method is often dull.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Many students find it hard to stay motivated during [instructor]'s lectures since the teaching method is often dull.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Many students find it hard to stay motivated during [instructor]'s lectures since the teaching method is often dull.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Many students find it hard to stay motivated during [instructor]'s lectures since the teaching method is often dull.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While [instructor]'s class can be challenging, some students appreciate the depth of knowledge gained from the lessons.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While [instructor]'s class can be challenging, some students appreciate the depth of knowledge gained from the lessons.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While [instructor]'s class can be challenging, some students appreciate the depth of knowledge gained from the lessons.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While [instructor]'s class can be challenging, some students appreciate the depth of knowledge gained from the lessons.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
During my contact with [instructor], I could realize that [instructor] is a very efficient academic.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, sometimes the lectures could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, sometimes the lectures could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, sometimes the lectures could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
While [instructor] has extensive knowledge, sometimes the lectures could be more engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate [instructor] for their thorough understanding, but the course felt rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate [instructor] for their thorough understanding, but the course felt rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate [instructor] for their thorough understanding, but the course felt rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate [instructor] for their thorough understanding, but the course felt rushed at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor had a good grasp of the material, which sometimes made me feel motivated to learn despite the chaotic teaching style.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor had a good grasp of the material, which sometimes made me feel motivated to learn despite the chaotic teaching style.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The instructor had a good grasp of the material, which sometimes made me feel motivated to learn despite the chaotic teaching style.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor had a good grasp of the material, which sometimes made me feel motivated to learn despite the chaotic teaching style.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
While the teacher’s random writing on the board was confusing, he did seem passionate about the subject matter, which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While the teacher’s random writing on the board was confusing, he did seem passionate about the subject matter, which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While the teacher’s random writing on the board was confusing, he did seem passionate about the subject matter, which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While the teacher’s random writing on the board was confusing, he did seem passionate about the subject matter, which kept us engaged.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lesson content lacked organization, and while the instructor struggled with clarity, he was often timely in covering all required topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The lesson content lacked organization, and while the instructor struggled with clarity, he was often timely in covering all required topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The lesson content lacked organization, and while the instructor struggled with clarity, he was often timely in covering all required topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The lesson content lacked organization, and while the instructor struggled with clarity, he was often timely in covering all required topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but I can't understand what the teacher taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but I can't understand what the teacher taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but I can't understand what the teacher taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor is very knowledgeable, but I can't understand what the teacher taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The content is interesting, yet I struggle to grasp what the teacher explained in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The content is interesting, yet I struggle to grasp what the teacher explained in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content is interesting, yet I struggle to grasp what the teacher explained in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The content is interesting, yet I struggle to grasp what the teacher explained in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the teacher's effort, but I still can't understand what was taught.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's effort, but I still can't understand what was taught.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I appreciate the teacher's effort, but I still can't understand what was taught.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the teacher's effort, but I still can't understand what was taught.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations in class.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations in class.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations in class.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's clear explanations in class.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The amount of homework feels overwhelming, and I often struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The amount of homework feels overwhelming, and I often struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The amount of homework feels overwhelming, and I often struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The amount of homework feels overwhelming, and I often struggle to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for each topic.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for each topic.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for each topic.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course material is interesting, but I wish we had more time for each topic.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor was very helpful and always available for questions.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I found the content engaging and it really sparked my interest in the field.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I found the content engaging and it really sparked my interest in the field.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the content engaging and it really sparked my interest in the field.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the content engaging and it really sparked my interest in the field.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I wish we had more time for the assignments, as the deadlines feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I wish we had more time for the assignments, as the deadlines feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I wish we had more time for the assignments, as the deadlines feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
I wish we had more time for the assignments, as the deadlines feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Instructor provides valuable feedback on assignments, and students feel supported in their learning.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Instructor provides valuable feedback on assignments, and students feel supported in their learning.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Instructor provides valuable feedback on assignments, and students feel supported in their learning.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Instructor provides valuable feedback on assignments, and students feel supported in their learning.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Although the course content is interesting, the instructor rarely engages with the students' inquiries.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
Although the course content is interesting, the instructor rarely engages with the students' inquiries.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Although the course content is interesting, the instructor rarely engages with the students' inquiries.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Although the course content is interesting, the instructor rarely engages with the students' inquiries.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Many students found the course material challenging but appreciated the instructor’s efforts to explain complex topics.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Many students found the course material challenging but appreciated the instructor’s efforts to explain complex topics.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
Many students found the course material challenging but appreciated the instructor’s efforts to explain complex topics.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Many students found the course material challenging but appreciated the instructor’s efforts to explain complex topics.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching style and the engaging assignments you give us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate your teaching style and the engaging assignments you give us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate your teaching style and the engaging assignments you give us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate your teaching style and the engaging assignments you give us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
Sometimes, the assignments feel overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
Sometimes, the assignments feel overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
Sometimes, the assignments feel overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
Sometimes, the assignments feel overwhelming, and it makes it hard to stay motivated.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course content is useful, but I wish there was more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course content is useful, but I wish there was more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course content is useful, but I wish there was more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course content is useful, but I wish there was more time to complete the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to ask questions during lectures.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to ask questions during lectures.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to ask questions during lectures.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how the instructor encourages us to ask questions during lectures.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I enjoy the real-time feedback, I feel the course content could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I enjoy the real-time feedback, I feel the course content could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I enjoy the real-time feedback, I feel the course content could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I enjoy the real-time feedback, I feel the course content could be more organized.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The instructor sometimes rushes through the material, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
The instructor sometimes rushes through the material, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor sometimes rushes through the material, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The instructor sometimes rushes through the material, which makes it hard to keep up.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciate how Ajarn takes the time to listen to our concerns and provide feedback.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate how Ajarn takes the time to listen to our concerns and provide feedback.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
I appreciate how Ajarn takes the time to listen to our concerns and provide feedback.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I appreciate how Ajarn takes the time to listen to our concerns and provide feedback.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I find the course content interesting, sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
While I find the course content interesting, sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
While I find the course content interesting, sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
While I find the course content interesting, sometimes the lectures feel too rushed.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
Ajarn's enthusiasm makes learning enjoyable, but I wish there were more resources provided for our assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
Ajarn's enthusiasm makes learning enjoyable, but I wish there were more resources provided for our assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
Ajarn's enthusiasm makes learning enjoyable, but I wish there were more resources provided for our assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
Ajarn's enthusiasm makes learning enjoyable, but I wish there were more resources provided for our assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The instructor has a great way of making the subject engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor has a great way of making the subject engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor has a great way of making the subject engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
The instructor has a great way of making the subject engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
While I find the content somewhat lackluster, the teacher tries really hard to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
While I find the content somewhat lackluster, the teacher tries really hard to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
While I find the content somewhat lackluster, the teacher tries really hard to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
While I find the content somewhat lackluster, the teacher tries really hard to motivate us.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I think the teacher manages the time well, but the lessons could be more captivating.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
I think the teacher manages the time well, but the lessons could be more captivating.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
I think the teacher manages the time well, but the lessons could be more captivating.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I think the teacher manages the time well, but the lessons could be more captivating.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's dedication to making the assignments clear and engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's dedication to making the assignments clear and engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciate the instructor's dedication to making the assignments clear and engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciate the instructor's dedication to making the assignments clear and engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The content of the course is very relevant, but the workload is overwhelming with the short deadlines.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The content of the course is very relevant, but the workload is overwhelming with the short deadlines.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The content of the course is very relevant, but the workload is overwhelming with the short deadlines.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The content of the course is very relevant, but the workload is overwhelming with the short deadlines.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The lectures are informative, but I find it hard to stay motivated with so much homework.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The lectures are informative, but I find it hard to stay motivated with so much homework.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The lectures are informative, but I find it hard to stay motivated with so much homework.The sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
The lectures are informative, but I find it hard to stay motivated with so much homework.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
I found the class discussions very engaging.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I found the class discussions very engaging.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I found the class discussions very engaging.The sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
I found the class discussions very engaging.The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
The workload was a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The workload was a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
The workload was a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The workload was a bit overwhelming at times.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I appreciated the clarity of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
I appreciated the clarity of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
I appreciated the clarity of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I appreciated the clarity of the assignments.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor gives us clear guidelines, helping us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
The instructor gives us clear guidelines, helping us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
The instructor gives us clear guidelines, helping us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
The instructor gives us clear guidelines, helping us manage our time better.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we have to cover in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
I feel overwhelmed by the amount of content we have to cover in such a short time.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
The course materials are engaging, but I think the deadlines could be more flexible to reduce stress.The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
The course materials are engaging, but I think the deadlines could be more flexible to reduce stress.The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
The course materials are engaging, but I think the deadlines could be more flexible to reduce stress.The sentiment polarity of content quality is positive .
The course materials are engaging, but I think the deadlines could be more flexible to reduce stress.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
Deadline in sending work is quite fast in some events.The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it is clear that the instructor gives descriptions and details of the class topicThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
you taught me somethingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
too much work?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
thanks for making us feel comfortable askingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
thanks for making us feel comfortable askingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the work is unnecessaryThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
most of the mistakes are made because the teacher speaks softly and is difficult to listen toThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
too much work?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please thank you for every time ajarn gives me adviceThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'd like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance and gradingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
for clear teaching i think the students should discuss in the classroomThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
the teacher doesn't follow me often because of my englishThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
number of assignments is too manyThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i would like to have a class on campusThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i always recommend that learning in the lab or computer help students learn betterThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it is clear that the instructor gives descriptions and details of the class topicThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
everything else is fantastic except when you use it for workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i like the feedback that the instructor gives in classThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
you can use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
many students fail this course each year therefore i think the faculty should consider that this course could be changed and examine itThe sentiment polarity of content quality is negative .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the lecture is easy to understand after the instructor teachesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students may be able to revise the material themselvesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i would like to have a class on campusThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a way of teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
can you extend the deadline for the assignment by a day? pleaseThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
number of assignments is too manyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i really like the teacherThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
everything else is fantastic except when you use it for workThe sentiment polarity of content organization is neutral .
i can't understand what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the teacher doesn't follow me often because of my englishThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
most of the mistakes are made because the teacher speaks softly and is difficult to listen toThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
most of the discrepancies are due to the teacher speaking very softly and it is difficult to listenThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i like the feedback that the instructor gives in classThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'd like teachers to be more flexible about checking attendance and gradingThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative.
isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
what if we could get more information about the project descriptionThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
what do i want?The sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i can't understand what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
the work is unnecessaryThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i always recommend that learning in the lab or computer help students learn betterThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
so i would like to suggest to allow students for some breaks during classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
we have to rest and review the lecture so we can't concentrate on the projectThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative.
isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
instructor listened to me very cordially and professionally every time i asked for assistance from the instructorThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like the instructor to list the assignment in the systemThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
most of the discrepancies are due to the teacher speaking very softly and it is difficult to listenThe sentiment polarity of instructor polarity is negative .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
instructor listened to me very cordially and professionally every time i asked for assistance from the instructorThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you taught us and gave us advice i am truly gratefulThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
in addition i see the effort and dedication in teaching i hope to see you next semesterThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like the instructor to list the assignment in the systemThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
you taught me somethingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i love teachers because they read our work before qa session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
i really like the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is negative .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i think the instructor accent is difficult to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please record online lecturesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
deadline for sending work is quite fast in some casesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
if the teacher wants to check on the name he should have more timeThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
many students fail this course each year therefore i think the faculty should consider that this course could be changed and examine itThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i don't think this class is necessary for an ict studentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
can you extend the deadline for the assignment by a day? pleaseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i'd like to have more flexibility about hybrid classes online and offlineThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it was very good instruction from the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i want to know every score when i send my assignmentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
each time i want to check or submit my tasks i'm unsure which one i should chooseThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you can use a microphoneThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'm happy to study with the instructor classThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the instructor's knowledge and experience is certainly extensive during my contact with the instructor and i could realize that he is very efficient academicallyThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
he taught a little too quicklyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
want the teacher to pay attention to all the studentsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please thank you for every time ajarn gives me adviceThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
my opinion is that the lesson is too hard for me to absorb however i'll try my best to understand these thingsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive  .
it's a recessively boring and useless subjectThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
please wait for those who don't understandThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i always recommend that learning in the lab or computer help students learn betterThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i don't think this class is necessary for an ict studentThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the instructor's sound is often hard to hearThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the original deadline of the final homework overlapped with the deadline for other examsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
please slow down a little i'm mostly not able to catch up with the noteThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
the instructor's knowledge and experience is certainly extensive during my contact with the instructor and i could realize that he is very efficient academicallyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
the instructor is a very nice mentor the instructor gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphereThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like to have more flexibility about hybrid classes online and offlineThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
what if we could get more information about the project descriptionThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
the instructor is a very nice mentor the instructor gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphereThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
each time i want to check or submit my tasks i'm unsure which one i should chooseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i really appreciate the way you teach usThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the instructor's sound is often hard to hearThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's possible he's good at teaching in thai more than explaining things in englishThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
instructor's accent is hard to understandThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
if the midterm exam has a lot of calculations i think a calculator should be allowed since we are being tested for our course skills and not our calculation skillsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
it's a way of teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
sometimes it's hard to catch the content if you're too fastThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
nevertheless it is difficult to understand what is taught i feel that self-learning is definitely necessary if you see this instructor teachingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
please slow down a little i'm mostly not able to catch up with the noteThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i would like to have a class on campusThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
everything else is fantastic except when you use it for workThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'm happy to study with the instructor classThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
thanks for making us feel comfortable askingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i do not think the part of homework has to be as importantThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
he taught a little too quicklyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'm glad you made this class more enjoyableThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it was easy to understand your teaching styleThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the instructor is a very nice mentor the instructor gave us lots of effective and on-point comments so that we can understand and improve ourselves in a not-too-stress atmosphereThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
what if we could get more information about the project descriptionThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
each time i want to check or submit my tasks i'm unsure which one i should chooseThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i'd like the teacher to have a past video because i'd like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
it's a pleasure to watch your lecturesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is positive .
i can't understand what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i thank you for your teaching and thank you for teaching usThe sentiment polarity of instructor is positive .
it's a way of teachingThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
the teacher doesn't follow me often because of my englishThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i'd like the instructor to list the assignment in the systemThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
i think that this course is very good and i like it very much aj teaches and treats very wellThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
can you extend the deadline for the assignment by a day? pleaseThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the work is unnecessaryThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
for clear teaching i think the students should discuss in the classroomThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i can't understand what the teacher is teachingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
each time i want to check or submit my tasks i'm unsure which one i should chooseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i urge academic affairs to provide the recordings so that students may be able to revise the material themselvesThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
for clear teaching i think the students should discuss in the classroomThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
please thank you for every time ajarn gives me adviceThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i love teachers because they read our work before qa session so they can provide good feedbackThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
thanks for making us feel comfortable askingThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please slow down a little i'm mostly not able to catch up with the noteThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
my opinion is that this course is really important for future work if students can digest the class material it would be very beneficial for themThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i want the teacher to teach slowlyThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i want the teacher to teach slowlyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
would like to have a link that can write and edit the group list so that some students who don't have a group can know that there are no groups and request to join the group with other groupsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i like to study with the teacher very much i like the accent and attention of the teacherThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
the instructor's sound is often hard to hearThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i'd like the teacher to have a past video because i'd like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
i'd like the teacher to have a past video because i'd like to review more in order to understand more contentThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
please listen to the opinion of the studentsThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
number of assignments is too manyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i really like the teacherThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
keep up with this teaching techniqueThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the work is unnecessaryThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
would like the teacher to have techniques that make students more interested in studyingThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i like that the teacher gave us advice on how to improve our projects and taught us to understand the lessonsThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
the instructor's sound is often hard to hearThe sentiment polarity of instructor is negative .
i want the teacher to teach slowlyThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
please don't teach too slowThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
do you want the teacher to speak clearly and there are indicators of the details of both the assignment and the scores of this workThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
in some instances the assignment doesn't make much senseThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
i really like the teacherThe sentiment polarity of content quality is neutral .
isn't it just an elective course?The sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
the original deadline of the final homework overlapped with the deadline for other examsThe sentiment polarity of organization is negative .
i would like to have a class on campusThe sentiment polarity of instructor is neutral .
the original deadline of the final homework overlapped with the deadline for other examsThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
you taught me somethingThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
the instructor's knowledge and experience is certainly extensive during my contact with the instructor and i could realize that he is very efficient academicallyThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
i like the feedback that the instructor gives in classThe sentiment polarity of organization is positive .
please thank you for every time ajarn gives me adviceThe sentiment polarity of organization is neutral .
deadline for sending work is quite fast in some casesThe sentiment polarity of motivation is neutral .
